10. As a result of the restructuring of the Secretariat in 1998, the allocation of Repertory studies to various Secretariat units was revised.
His group did not support the concept of a new world information and communication order which, in its view, belonged to a time long past and could be used to stifle the freedom of the media and the free flow of information.
UNCTAD (1997c). “Management of commodity resources in the context of sustainable development: Social impacts of mining”, papers presented to the Asian-Pacific Workshop on Managing the Social Impacts of Mining, Bandung, Indonesia, 14-15 October 1996, UNCTAD/ITCD/COM/5, August.
The aim of the ERT structure was to ensure that the most vulnerable populations in areas with the most acute needs received assistance first.
In Central Asia, however, the land-locked republics have recently taken a vigorous initiative to move towards establishing a subregional legal framework.
The Ozone Action Clearing House is one such example.
(a) the minimum thickness determined in accordance with the requirements in 6.6.3.4; and
C. Specialized agencies of the United Nations
“Considering that the incidence of such acts of nuclear terrorism is an issue of grave concern to the whole international community”.
I. NOTIFICATION BY THE GOVERNMENT OF SPAIN RECOMMENDING SCHEDULING UNDER THE CONVENTION ON PSYCHOTROPIC SUBSTANCES OF 1971
In early 1998, a new project was initiated in Chad and pilot projects were begun in Sri Lanka and Somalia. Requests for assistance were received from the Islamic Republic of Iran, Azerbaijan, Tajikistan and Yemen.
Division for Programme Planning and Support
The question of application of the proposed changes to the Staff Regulations and Staff Rules of the United Nations should be handled in the same manner as far as the other organizations were concerned.
102. The Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea of the Office of Legal Affairs, as the responsible unit of the Secretariat, has established facilities for the custody of charts and lists of geographical coordinates to be deposited in accordance with the Convention.
Certain priority areas of concern are clear, including the social reintegration of child combatants, the resettlement of displaced children or the restitution of basic health services and education facilities for children.
Failure to register can have negative consequences on the full enjoyment of fundamental rights and freedoms by children.
On the basis of unofficial UNDCP estimates, the annual global prevalence rate of illicit drug consumption is likely to be in the range of 3.3 per cent to 4.1 per cent of the world population.
The United Nations Compensation Commission (UNCC) and the Compensation Fund were established in accordance with United Nations Security Council resolution 692 (1991) of 20 May 1991 to process compensation claims for losses and damages suffered by individuals, corporations, Governments and international organizations as a direct result of Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait.
Objective information on military matters, including transparency of military expenditures
The representative of Austria further orally revised the draft resolution.
Letter dated 4 August 1992 from the Permanent Representative of Venezuela to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24377).
Favourable bulk fuel rates secured by the Mission from 1 March 1997 through competitive procurement ($0.18 per litre compared with the budgeted estimate of $0.21 per litre) also contributed to the reduced requirements under generator fuel.
The rise in xenophobic and racially motivated acts of violence continues to plague people in all parts of the globe.
679. Note is taken of the Government's recent initiatives to implement sex education programmes in cooperation with the United Nations Population Fund.
13. In his performance reports on each of the peacekeeping operations for the period ending 30 June 1996, the Secretary-General had provided information on the ad hoc charges applied to each of those missions’ budgets for the cost of the Base up to that time.
Thus, the Special Rapporteur noted the following trend: "From the time when Mr. Ingles finished his report the universal understanding and recognition of the right to leave and return among individuals and Governments has increased."E/CN.4/Sub.2/1988/35, para. 508.
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Iraq, Costa Rica and the United States of America.
Therefore, notwithstanding our differences in approach, we share a common objective.
The number of personnel employed on this basis as at 30 June 1997 is shown in table 1:
Considering that, in this respect, special attention should be devoted to the issues of definition of war crimes, age of criminal responsibility, aggravating and mitigating circumstances of the crimes and the protection of the rights of the child within the court's jurisdiction,
34. Moreover, at its substantive session of 1997, the Committee on Conferences had requested the Secretary-General to report on the notional costs of conference services at the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Vienna and the United Nations Office at Nairobi.
The Under-Secretary-General cautioned against equating the Department’s needs with the number of serving peacekeepers.
Chairman of the Committee on Science and Technology:
This upstream activity was intended to assist in implementing a piece of legislation that decentralized authority and responsibility to the Tambon level in order to enable people to participate more extensively in the development process.
(a) surveying the principal potential units, particularly networks;
Obstacles to the implementation of General Assembly resolution 52/118
The team included experts from Costa Rica, Finland, Poland, and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
“Many of these countries hold a patriarchal belief in the structure of a family which places a father, husband or son in a favourable position.
It was pointed out that reform should not necessarily mean a reduction in the budget, but should result in the strengthening of the Organization’s role in order to enable it to meet its challenges.
Members of delegations, repre- sentatives of non-governmental organizations, members of the press and staff members are invited to attend.
Persons suspected of being close to Kabila have been arbitrarily deprived of freedom and some have been deported to Rwanda.
Head of the Turkish delegation to the Second Review Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Prohibition of the Emplacement of Nuclear Weapons and Other Weapons of Mass Destruction on the Seabed and the Ocean Floor and in the Subsoil Thereof (Geneva, September 1983).
However, the Committee notes a number of deficiencies in the report.
The Committee then adopted the draft resolution, as orally corrected.
(e) Refocusing of the role of the Office of Human Resources Management to developing strategies and policies, provision of guidance by working in partnership with line managers and monitoring of delegated authority;
“Accordingly, it is recommended that the Human Rights Committee consider preparing a new general comment on article 4 which reaffirms the developing consensus that habeas corpus and the related aspects of amparo, as well as cognate rights, should be considered to be non-derogable.”
It is not clear how or when they will be appointed, or by whom, except for 40 who were members of the Drafting Committee.
B. SPECIAL VOLUNTARY FUND: 1998 COST PLAN
(ii) Project personnel listed in rule 200.1 (a) who have an entitlement to removal costs under rule 107.27 shall not be entitled to the non-removal element.
The European Union welcomes the latest round of negotiations between the Government of the Sudan and the Sudan People’s Liberation Movement, which were held in Addis Ababa from 4 to 7 August 1998 in the framework of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development and the agreement of the parties to convene a fourth round of negotiations within six months in Nairobi.
It has to be evaluated in the light of the attempts of the Greek/Greek Cypriot front to implement the so-called "joint military doctrine" through an excessive arms build-up, including the insistence, despite international protest, to deploy the S-300 missile system and the increasingly offensive nature of their military posture.
14. At the 1st meeting, on 19 May 1998, the Preparatory Committee adopted the provisional agenda contained in document A/AC.253/1.
33. At his meeting with Mr. Rodolfo Matarollo, Deputy Executive Director of MICIVIH, he gained a better understanding of parental authority in Haiti from the point of view of the rights of the child in the light of article 15 of the provisions on parental authority in the decree of 8 October 1982:
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions orally presented the comments of that Committee related to document A/52/303/Add.l.
More than ten additional rights, and even more related violations, have been considered by the Special Rapporteurs and the Sub-Commission in the course of investigating this subject.See, for example, paragraph 3 of this working paper.
The Committee also had before it an advance copy of the report containing the proposed final programme budget for 1996-1997 and proposed initial programme budget for 1998-1999 (E/CN.7/1997/15), as well as the compendium of ongoing projects by programme for the bienniums 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 (E/CN.7/1997/CRP.18).
Indicators of importance are, for example, population size, gross domestic product, balance of trade, per capita income, the unemployment rate, the inflation rate, the level of debt per capita, levels of education, levels of savings, levels of foreign direct investment, government trade policies (tax incentives for investors), and the exchange rate per US dollar, etc.
Note 20. Funds held in trust (statement XX)
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The Council of the European Union adopted a resolution on 19 December 1994 on the European contribution to the establishment of a global satellite navigation system.
The speaker will be Mr. Nick Ruskin, industrial relations lawyer.
Hamas activists maintained that Sharif was killed by Palestinian Authority agents in coordination with Israel.
(b) properly passivated or neutralized by chemical reaction.
5. UNCTAD's contribution to the implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and the role of UNCTAD in the implementation of the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative on Africa.
Experiences of various economies in transition suggested that enterprises recognized the need to undertake strategic business planning involving developing a strategy for competitiveness, skills and technological capacity and proper customer orientation.
(ii) That the chairman and one member of the commission are entitled to verify that the request for anonymity is warranted and to ascertain, in confidence, the identity of the witness, so as to be able to give assurances to the other members of the Commission;
2. Military Assistant to the Military Adviser
Vision 14. An Organization which has developed the necessary tools for making informed decisions about its resource requirements and workforce, in order to meet its changing needs.
ESCWA Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia
“(a) The establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned;
42. Recommendation 2: that the Field Administration and Logistics Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations review all personnel involved in United Nations aviation activities to ensure that only suitably qualified and experienced staff are recruited and employed in both the missions and at Headquarters (IV97/064/02).
Their arrest came amid increased warnings of kidnapping of soldiers by Hamas.
The estimate takes into account the environmental and hostile action/forced abandonment factors of 0.9 and 1.7 per cent respectively.
68. In short, the Special Representative believes that a will exists on the part of many leaders in the Islamic Republic of Iran to move the society towards a more tolerant and more peaceful condition.
This drop does not reflect the further deterioration, which occurred with the lengthy closures and widespread confrontations in later years.32
The master plan of the Central Bureau of Statistics has, according to him, focused on three areas, which are crucial for national planning. These areas are the Palestinian individual household; the Palestinian economy/establishment; and the land and farm registry.
The United Nations Office at Nairobi continues data clean-up activities, and will implement Release 2 during the last quarter of 1998.
2. Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms [112 (b)] (A/52/468, A/52/469 and Add.1, A/52/473, A/52/474, A/52/475, A/52/483, A/52/ 489, A/52/494, A/52/498, A/52/548, A/52/567, A/52/477, A/52/66, A/52/81-S/1997/153, A/52/85-S/1997/180, A/52/ 117, A/52/125-S/1997/334, A/52/133-S/1997/348, A/52/ 134-S/1997/349, A/52/135, A/52/151, A/52/182, A/52/204, A/52/205)
The level of remuneration of the post of Executive Secretary and of the other two senior posts in the staffing table;
4. Three main groups of functions carried out by retirees can be distinguished (table 5).
As at 31 December 1997, the total unliquidated obligations available for this purpose for the period from inception to the current period amount to $751,400.
4. Part B of Appendix I to document ICCD/COP(1)/5 lists the criteria that the INCD recommended to the COP for selecting an organization to house the Global Mechanism.
As provided for in the Rules, these reports were circulated to the members of the Governing Council, to the Government of the Republic of Iraq, and to Governments and international organizations that had submitted claims.
It will take stock and make decisions on the further organization of work, including the setting of time limits on the work of the Committee of the Whole.
The Committee notes with concern that measures taken to ensure that the provisions and principles of the Convention are made widely known to adults and children alike, in accordance with article 42 of the Convention, are insufficient.
3.1 The author complains that she has been discriminated against in her search for employment on the basis of her national origin and her status as an immigrant.
Under the new arrangements the Department will have a coordinating role for the production of the parts of the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs devoted to the Security Council, while it will continue to prepare its own contribution.
Reconsideration by General Assembly requested in light of need for responding to truly exceptional cases where lack of expertise in Procurement Division and limited suppliers in roster.
Operational activities accounted for 79 per cent of all work-months utilized during the biennium 1996-1997.
The rationale is security considerations.
376. The Committee is concerned about the under-representation of women in politics and decision-making structures, including the judicial system. It emphasizes the importance of fostering a political environment conducive to women’s promotion in all sectors of public and private life.
6. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
It was not clear how an international benchmark, if established, could be administered, particularly by UNCTAD.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.ll/Rev.1
The Consulting Actuary apprised the Board of recent changes in International Accounting Standard (IAS) 19, the relevant accounting standard applicable to the financial statements of the employers.
The cost-benefit technique can only be used when it is possible to assign realistic monetary values to all costs and benefits of all the alternatives under consideration.
II. METHODOLOGICAL QUESTIONS RELATING TO THE FUTURE WORK OF THE SUB—COMMISSION AND RECOMMENDATIONS
The SBI may wish to take note of the information received and give guidance on these matters.
At its 2nd, 3rd and 5th meetings, on 29 July and 5 August respectively, the SBI addressed the item on the financial mechanism: review process referred to in decision 9/CP.1.
Pursuant to the recommendation of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization, the General Assembly invited States to present their comments and observations on the consequences that the increase in the volume of cases before the International Court of Justice has on its operation (resolution 52/161 of 15 December 1997).
1. At the end of the twelve-month period provided for in financial regulation 4.3, any unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question relating to goods supplied and services rendered by Governments for which claims have been received or which are covered by established reimbursement rates shall be transferred to accounts payable; such accounts payable shall remain recorded in the Special Account for the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan until payment is effected.
32. The answers to all these questions can only come from the international community as a whole, through the drafting of universal legislation, which will safeguard cultural and religious specificities while ensuring the universal character of the protection of human rights and dignity.
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
At that time, many countries began to restrict the distribution of such drugs, while permitting their use for medical and scientific purposes.
4. Issues related to the Integrated Management Information System . 29 - 48 22
Only items which are considered by the Conference of the Parties to be urgent and important may be added to the agenda.
125. The international community should endeavour to rectify current deviations from the missions of the international financial institutions.
77. No provision is required under this heading.
PAPFAM incorporates, in addition to its comprehensive reproductive health dimension, full-fledged qualitative studies addressing such areas as the quality of services, hospital-based morbidity and the linkage between various sources of reproductive health data.
Many members stressed the importance of dealing with the nuclear issue as a part of the overall regional security issue.
The portable tank shall be capable of being loaded and discharged without the removal of its structural equipment.
In its resolution 1998/29, the Economic and Social Council also reiterated the high priority that it attaches to ensuring easy, economical, uncomplicated and unhindered access for States Members of the United Nations and observers, through, inter alia, their permanent missions, to the growing number of computerized databases and information systems and services of the United Nations.
This awkward falsehood can easily be contradicted by any map of Eritrea from Italian colonial times to the present, including those that were produced by the Governments of both Emperor Haile-Selassie and Colonel Mengistu Haile-Mariam, and by the United Nations before it created the ill-fated Ethiopian-Eritrean Federation.
The second important component of the set of measures for the political democratization of the life of society is strengthening of the role of the parties in our political system.
The European Union is pleased that complicated and difficult issues such as the definition of crimes, the principle of complementarity, the scope of jurisdiction, the independence of the prosecutor, and the relationship with the United Nations were resolved in a satisfactory manner acceptable to all States members of the European Union.
The United Nations Web site has witnessed phenomenal growth in the years since its creation, both in terms of the number of accesses and the scope of information material it contains.
They appreciated the important commemoration of World Press Freedom Day on 4 May 1998, which had been organized by the Department of Public Information of the United Nations Secretariat, in cooperation with UNESCO, the United Nations Correspondents’ Association and the World Press Freedom Committee (WPFC).
69. The developed countries and their populations tend to see the problem of the gap between the rich countries and poor countries only in terms of the migrants arriving at their borders in thousands and millions each day.
In foreseeing the changing policy environment in many countries, work should be oriented towards providing a more solid analytical underpinning to, and empirical evidence for, understanding of the developmental impact of further trade liberalization.
Technical cooperation by UNCTAD is needed, aimed at helping countries to develop competition law and policies and, where appropriate, to improve the content and structure of competition policy and the institutional arrangements.
"(vi) Creating and promoting market-based incentives to encourage the private sector to meet the need for affordable rental and owner-occupied housing;
1996: Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 5 C (A/51/5/Add.3)
1296. The Committee suggests that the State party take all appropriate measures, including of a legislative nature, to prohibit and eliminate the use of corporal punishment within the family.
Ms. Inge Kaul, Director of the Office of Development Studies of UNDP, will give a briefing on “Development financing: Some new perspectives”, on Monday, 20 October 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
6.6.4.3.3.1 The values of Re and Rm to be used shall be the specified minimum values according to national or international material standards.
11. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.5/53/L.30 without a vote (see para. 19, draft decision III).
The representatives of Pakistan, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, the Syrian Arab Republic and China explained their position before the adoption of the draft resolution.
10. Urges the Russian Federation and the United States of America to commence negotiations on a START III agreement immediately after ratification by the Russian Federation of START II, thereby fulfilling the commitments they undertook in the joint statement issued in Moscow on 2 September 1998;
(a) The secretariat, which was responsible, among other things, for gathering information, should ask all participants to comment upon the scope and type of information required as background to the decision-making process.
328. On 7 November, it was reported that bulldozers from the Rahel settlement had begun to level agricultural land owned by the villages of Qaryut and Jalout, in the Nablus area.
These generally involve actions or practices which, while not abuses in themselves, nevertheless constitute prohibited practices because they are carried out by enterprises which have no competitors.
148. The Memorandum of Understanding signed in 1979 by the United Kingdom and the United Nations did not define clearly and precisely the respective obligations and responsibilities of the parties vis-à-vis the employees’ various entitlements and benefits.
“Since June 1996 the UNAVEM III Procurement Section has been engaged in the process of registering new vendors from South Africa and, in parallel, has been identifying existing vendors of dubious quality.
(a) Initial mandate period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 ($39,000):
The challenges of this new orientation will have to be met with a much greater sense of priorities and innovation, as reflected in the conclusions and recommendations briefly elaborated below.
Widows' and widowers' benefits would also be paid, but no children's benefits, and no periodic benefit could be commuted into a lump sum.
1. At its fifty-second session, the General Assembly adopted resolution 52/14 of 20 November 1997 on the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic in which, inter alia, it took note of the report of the Secretary-General (A/52/462) and requested the relevant organizations, organs and bodies of the United Nations system to render all appropriate assistance that States of the zone might seek in their joint efforts to implement the objectives of the zone.
VII. CONSIDERATION OF COMMUNICATIONS UNDER THE OPTIONAL PROTOCOL . 418–479 62
Member States affected by the clandestine manufacture and abuse of synthetic ATS or those anticipating such an emergency situation should consider adopting a more flexible and anticipatory approach to defining the scope of control of both ATS and their precursors (see paragraph 35 above).
The national machinery for women is encouraged to work actively on matters of land reform policy and problems of rural women to ensure their active participation in those areas.
On Monday 25 April 1998, the Committee Against Torture, a United Nations body consisting of 10 experts whose function is to monitor the implementation of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment, took up the first report submitted by Israel under that Convention.
Such operations can be a critical confidence-building measure in difficult situations.
323. The Committee recommends that the State party take measures to ensure the prosecution of persons allegedly responsible for having committed racially motivated crimes, regardless of the racial, ethnic or religious origin of the perpetrator or the victim.
Such mechanisms can play a vital role in systematically monitoring the status of children, and in evaluating progress achieved and difficulties hampering the realization of children's rights.
The Committee recommends that this information be included in budget performance reports on all peacekeeping operations where the new wet lease arrangements are put in place.
Following the fifth session, part of the agenda of each subsequent INCD session was devoted to a review of actions taken to implement these two resolutions.
Bearing in mind that the Office of the High Commissioner remains the focal point for coordinating system-wide attention to human rights, democracy and the rule of law,
Close coordination between engineering and contingent personnel contributed to more timely closure and refurbishment of military camps.
For example, the number of troops authorized for the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium will decrease from 4,291 as at 1 July 1997 to zero as at 1 July 1998 and the number of troops authorized for the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola will decrease from 6,686 as at 1 July 1997 to 955 as at 1 July 1998 .
The post vacancy situation information provided in annex III should be viewed with this perspective in mind.
If it is based on the level of data currently available, a new system may not bring a significant improvement over the methods used so far to estimate costs.
167. The Board reiterates its concerns regarding delays in processing of property identified for write-off and in disposing of such property; the Board recommends that the Administration address these issues expeditiously.
The National Observatory for Human Rights has conceded in its annual report for 1996 that places of detention exist which are outside the control legally stipulated by law.
Publications produced in the reporting period
The Advisory Committee has no objection to the proposed staffing requirements under general temporary assistance.
Therefore, the Assembly may wish to endorse measures that lead to greater coherence of the system’s response, including effective linkage between research, standard setting and operational dimensions in development cooperation.
6.6.3.6.1 Certain non-refrigerated liquefied gases shall not be transported in portable tanks with bottom openings when portable tank instruction T50 in 4.2.4.2.6 indicates that bottom openings are not allowed.
1Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol. I (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.94.XI.5).
The respective figures for 31 December 1995 were $118,400 and $91,000.
Assistance is needed in the fields of governance, administrative reform, and economic management.
(c) In section IV, operative paragraph 1, the words “including the use of children as soldiers in such situations” were deleted after the words “armed conflicts on children”;
30. The Government has reformed the tax structure, reducing overall rates while widening coverage through improved efficiency in collection.
Both the Government and the National Assembly gave several indications that they had taken a “strategic decision to change things”.2
There are NGO liaison officers assigned to all of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs’s coordination structures in the field.
Other adjustments to reserves and fund balances
Information on services for the poor is rarely made readily available.
It set out a strategy for raising awareness of the problem of amphetamine-type stimulants, reducing the demand for those stimulants, limiting their supply and strengthening the control of those stimulants and their precursors.
Similar goals are established for the civil society for poverty reduction programme in sub-Saharan Africa.
Considering that the effective functioning of the human rights treaty bodies established pursuant to United Nations human rights instruments is indispensable for the full and effective implementation of such instruments,
But for most of the affected countries, the requisite additional financial flows are not expected to materialize.
381. The Committee notes with satisfaction the efforts being made to implement affirmative action programmes in a number of areas, including the Federal Code of Electoral Institutions and Procedures and that these demonstrate a clear understanding of paragraph 1 of article 4 of the Convention.
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles
14. Having visited Europe, North and South America, Africa and the Pacific, the Special Rapporteur plans to visit Asia next year in order to discuss the problems facing the region with the competent authorities and representatives of civil society.
It only stated that a certain category of human rights violations should be recognized as international crimes and should entail the responsibility of those persons who had used a State as a tool to commit them.
“II. Democracy – development – human rights and the right to development and the role of international cooperation
(b) The Parties affirm that commitments under Part II of this instrument reflect:
B. Return of refugees and displaced persons
22. Take prompt action to complete the installation of the MINDER assets tracking system in all field offices and implement all aspects of the system so that the records correctly reflect the assets held by UNHCR and with the implementing partners, and improve control over the physical assets (para. 90).
International terrorism has been approached from such different perspectives and has been employed in such different contexts that, as already mentioned, until this very day it has been impossible for the international community to arrive at a generally acceptable definition.
The exact number, identity, age and sex of the persons who died at Klecka has yet to be determined.
I have the honour to transmit the text of a message from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation, Mr. Evgeny M. Primakov, addressed to the participants in the meeting of the Coordinating Bureau of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries at the level of ministers for foreign affairs, held in Cartagena, Colombia, on 19 and 20 May 1998 (see annex).
Furthermore, the efficiency, coherence and impact of United Nations system development cooperation would increase markedly with the availability of adequate levels of funding, particularly core resources, which represent the central building block for sustained development support by the system.
The SBSTA reminded Parties of the need to submit, as soon as possible, additional nominations for the roster of experts to the secretariat, in particular, experts with a background in economic and financial aspects of the transfer of technology.
I. ACTION BY THE TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BOARD ON SUBSTANTIVE
As an example, the city of Nablus had 30,000 inhabitants in 1944 and now has 108,000.
Further reviews shall take place at regular intervals thereafter, to be determined by the Meeting of the Parties.
21. The Secretary-General and the members of ACC, while generally supporting recommendation 4 (a), point out that in some instances NPSAs in traditionally important host countries charge handling fees for their services, and this has tended to favour the increased use of direct placement.
122. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East
According to the Palestinian Economic Policy Research Institute, “the Israeli authorities refuse to issue permits for new hotels or for expanding existing ones in East Jerusalem.
“(d) Freedom of opinion and expression, including access to State and independent media;
Moreover, many of the organizations tend to focus primarily on preserving the interests of established entrepreneurs.
The present report provides further information in this regard.
Provision is made in the amount of $6,600 for telephone rental and local telephone charges and of $4,400 for office supplies.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/513);
Illicit cultivation takes place in remote rural areas, with an income level substantially below the national average, which have attracted neither national nor international assistance.
The Committee recommends that appropriate measures be taken to ensure the full independence of the judiciary.
18. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
It generated a lively debate, centred on ways to challenge the widespread abuse of the fundamental rights of disabled children, through the promotion of a process of participation and inclusion.
In addition, sanitary conditions are critical, and there is a lack of medical attention.
(c) Communication addressed to the President of the Security Council
In many developing countries, clear property rights are very important for the development and diversification of the agricultural and mineral sectors.
Letter dated 25 March 1998 from Mr. Rauf R. Denktaş
Letter dated 14 May 1998 from the Permanent
Section II contains a summary of the operations of the Fund for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.
(a) Examination of the causes and nature of the problems affecting minorities and group accommodation, and their possible solutions;
However, steps were taken to ensure the participation of representatives from areas of the Semipalatinsk region that were not visited, including Pavlodar and Karaganda.
He observed that, in contrast, Articles 4.2(a) and (b) of the Convention were not crystal clear and could be interpreted in different ways.
(c) Subscription to aviation publications ($500).
With respect to article 19 of the Covenant on the right to freedom of expression, the Committee is concerned about severe restrictions on the right to express opposition to or criticism of the Government or its policies.
The representative of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union) made a statement in the course of which he introduced the amendment contained in document A/52/L.59.
Additional information emanating from the GEF's Monitoring and Evaluation exercise is expected to be available in the fourth quarter of 1997.
b Calculated by multiplying the ratio of value added per worker in manufacturing (column 3) to real wage costs in manufacturing (column 2) by the real exchange rate (column 1).
The first relates to decisions about infrastructure and planning by national, regional and local governments.
The commission investigated the March tragedy, studying first the atrocities committed by the Armenians in Shemakha and the serious crimes committed by them in Erevan province.
Counsellor to the Embassy of Ecuador in Buenos Aires, 1957-1959.
Therefore, there would inevitably be some locations where the staff assessment rates would be above the local tax rates and some where they would be below.
3. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution.
From that point onwards instantaneous communication became possible from any part of the globe to any other.
The representative of Canada, Coordinator of the informal consultations on these items, on behalf of the Chairman, intro-duced draft resolutions A/C.5/52/L.9 and A/C.5/52/L.10.
In addition, nine projects were implemented at the regional level and nine at the global level.
Head of the Ecuadorian delegation, eighth session of the Permanent Commission for the South Pacific, Viña del Mar, 1964.
Provision is made for the replacement of 74 copiers and 11 shredders which have become uneconomical to repair.
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications.
1996- Head of Subdivision A of the Criminal Law Division.
82. No provision is made under this heading.
Between 0330 and 0500 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired several bursts of fire in all directions.
On 24 November 1997, Mr. Alain Pellet, Chairman of the International Law Commission and Special Rapporteur on treaty reservations, wrote to the Chairperson of the Committee to invite the Committee to comment on the Commission’s Preliminary Conclusions on Reservations to Normative Multilateral Treaties, including Human Rights Treaties.
In the United States, demand for these and other applications is projected to reach $2 billion to $3 billion by the year 2000.
Camp shelters with access to sewerage facilities (per cent)c
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.69* and L.70
While this will be taken forward as a priority, the timing of the issuance of guidance on the various issues highlighted by the Auditors will obviously depend on a number of external factors.
Kyrgyzstan is attentively following the dynamics of and collectively participating in the multilateral integration processes in countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States, and making its contribution to the strengthening and intensification of regional and subregional integration.
7. The substantive reports of the Committee to the General Assembly, rather than the annual progress reports of the Committee, have reviewed the changing levels of dose from all the sources of exposure and have thereby informed the Assembly of their trends, both increasing and decreasing.
In that connection, the Committee requests the Secretariat to take into account the effect of any equipment that may be provided to the Mission free of charge.
11. All of this stands in stark contrast to the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, to which 95 countries provided information in 1997.
Law enforcement methods, such as controlled delivery and profiling operations, are explored as possible means of counteracting the threat of drug trafficking.
During the second half of the period, priority was given to meeting emergency needs in the worst-hit areas.
23. Further requests the Secretary-General to submit each year to the Economic and Social Council a detailed report on all activities of United Nations bodies and the specialized agencies, containing an analysis of information received on such activities to combat racism and racial discrimination;
New York City remains the main point of entry of heroin into the United States: of the heroin seizures made in the United States from 1986 to 1995, roughly half occurred in the New York metropolitan area.
The review has been undertaken from the particular perspective of recovery from a complex emergency.
In the Appeal, the agencies have adopted an area-based approach for the planning and implementation of United Nations activities in Somalia.
33. Under rule 37 of the rules of procedure, the Working Group is to report to the Sub-Commission on the work of its session.
An intersessional meeting on budget matters will take place on Wednesday, 7 January 1998, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
This placed enormous demands upon the Field Administration and Logistics Division’s predecessor, the Field Operations Division, in terms of adequately managing the operations of those new missions, including the recruitment of suitably qualified and experienced United Nations staff to manage aviation operations in the field.
The matter will be brought to the attention of the Conference at its seventh session for consideration.
That being the case, and the fact that the estimates for the military observers do not provide for a delayed deployment factor, the Advisory Committee believes that there is a potential for reduction in the estimates (see para. 12 below).
Views were expressed that priorities should be established also for the short term, in the context of the budget outline, to guide the allocation of resources in the programme budget.
13. As indicated in paragraph 29 of the report of the Secretary-General of 24 February 1998 (A/52/755/Add.1), an amount of $43,009,000 gross ($41,269,700 net) has been requested for the maintenance of UNFICYP for the 12-month period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.
1. Takes note of the review process undertaken by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation in accordance with decision 11/CP.2;
Priority consideration shall be given to:
6.6.2.2.13 Under each of the forces in 6.6.2.2.12, the safety factor to be observed shall be as follows:
Malnutrition rates were also very high in rebel-held areas of western Upper Nile where constant insecurity prevented a full engagement by Operation Lifeline Sudan.
Schedule 4.1 of the accounts shows expenditures by major programme and by type of expenditure.
One means of monitoring the activities of a multinational force while also contributing to the broader aspects of a peace process was demonstrated in Liberia.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
The view was also expressed that the 14 per cent shortfall in implementation reported as a result of the savings measures reflected the direct impact only, and that the indirect effects were much higher if the vacancies resulting from resolution 50/214 were taken into consideration, and bearing in mind that 52 per cent of the non-implemented outputs fell under high-priority subprogrammes.
The recommendation of the Advisory Committee in paragraph 15 above would apply only to judges elected to terms commencing after 31 December 1998.
WORKING GROUP ON DEFINITIONS AND ELEMENTS OF CRIMES
The Secretary-General’s report on the financing of UNFICYP for the period from July 1997 to June 1998 included an estimate of the United Nations share of the cost of those benefits – $5,284,000 – which was based on the principle suggested by UNFICYP, recommended by the Office of Human Resources Management and endorsed by the Office of Legal Affairs in January 1996 (see A/51/755/Add.1).
The Supreme Council congratulated His Highness Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al-Nahyan, President of the United Arab Emirates, and the people of the United Arab Emirates on the occasion of their twenty-seventh National Day, wishing the United Arab Emirates every success and prosperity.
(Signed) Edgar TERÁN TERÁN (Signed) Fernando de TRAZEGNIES
4. Review of progress in the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s:
Emergency scheduling was subsequently required to control a substance after it had been identified in the illicit markets on several occasions.
These events must not be allowed to set back the nuclear disarmament process.
Such international standards are particularly weak in the area of demand reduction.
During July and August 1996, there had been a repatriation of Rwandan refugees from Burundi.
Third informal open-ended inter-sessional meeting
The Committee notes with appreciation that the report submitted by the State party is a comprehensive document complying with the Committee’s general guidelines.
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Promotion and protection of the rights of children” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
In order to advance the implementation of existing commitments in Article 4.1 of the Convention, in accordance with Article 4.3, 4.5 and 4.7 of the Convention and without introducing new commitments for Parties not included in Annex I, all Parties shall:
For example, the Indian Centre for Promotion of Cleaner Technologies (ICPCT), established in 1996 at the National Environmental Engineering Research Institute of India (NEERI), founded in 1958 as part of the National Information Centre for Cleaner Technologies (NICCT)), has developed a database of 510 case studies on cleaner technologies, and is in the process of developing an information system.
12. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples (D.18).
(b) Election of eighteen members of the Economic and Social Council.
It also notes with concern cases in some localities in which contraceptive methods have been used without women’s express consent, which is required under Mexican law.
16. With regard to operational activities, UNDP will establish an open trust fund to support programmes similar to those previously funded through trust fund arrangements made with the United Nations.
“In order to have an accurate and comprehensive view of the situation, I would greatly appreciate receiving information which your Government may wish to provide regarding the events and cases referred in the above paragraphs, both in respect of the facts themselves and the applicable legislation.
Regarding the marking of guns, the expertise of the International Criminal Police Organization – Interpol – and of some interested countries would prove to be useful.
Fifth SAARCLAW Conference, Dhaka, Bangladesh, 27-29 December 1996; presided over the session on "Abuse of women and children: the legal response".
224. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision 34, entitled “Situation of human rights in Burundi”, recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/1998/L.24, chap. I, sect. B).
Although it has been nine years since the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries was adopted by the General Assembly, it still has not entered into force, as only 16 countries have ratified or acceded to it.
The reason is that by being economically marginalized, the colonized become very dependent and powerless and thus succumb easily to colonial oppression.
The electricity distribution grid in Arabsalim was also damaged.
(b) Category B, for compensation for serious personal injury or death of a family member;
1369. At its fourteenth session, the Committee held an exchange of views with representatives of the Nutrition Section of the United Nations Children's Fund.
16. The representative of Luxembourg, speaking on behalf of the European Union, congratulated UNCTAD on the quality of the World Investment Report 1997 and observed that the Report had become a source of reference for FDI research.
Governments might wish to make use of one of the following models in use in different countries:
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
Moreover, the amounts provided to the Committee indicated income from the sale of vehicles of $2,124,886 and from the sale of equipment of $2,961,837.
13. At its sixteenth session, the Working Group, meeting in Geneva from 27 to 31 July 1998, considered 13 agenda items, including an item entitled “International Decade of the World`s Indigenous People”.
11. Election-related supplies and services
B. Inability of the Special Committee to visit the occupied territories
With the embargo and the reduction in its resources, it is being required to submit preferences and priorities for medicines and other medical supplies.
Dissemination of validated information on the consequences of nuclear tests and the possible risk for the population of the Semipalatinsk region is crucial for initiating most activity in the region.
China also believes that excessive accumulation of and illicit trafficking in small arms may contribute to the exacerbation of the situation in areas of turmoil, the escalation of conflicts and the further spread of terrorism and drug trafficking, impeding social and economic development in the relevant regions, with an even worse impact on developing countries in conflict.
However, the capacity to integrate is a tangible indicator of a society's flexibility, of its ability to find solutions to its problems with the support of its members.
Annex XI lists the outputs postponed and/or terminated as a result of the reductions called for in General Assembly resolution 50/214 under subprogrammes designated high priority (99 outputs, or 52 per cent).
If sufficient evidence is found to warrant further proceedings, it should be affirmed that officers would be subject not only to internal disciplinary measures but also to investigatory procedures applicable to all citizens.
The Ministry is organizing meetings with local leaders and peasants to enable them to monitor human rights abuses in their own communities, with the help of printed material and posters.
The abuse of anti-dumping measures and the use of discriminatory trade actions were among the actions to be rejected.
Provision has also been made for four quarterly trips by the region’s safety specialist to UNOMIG to conduct assessments/inspections at an estimated cost of $3,500 for travel ($1,500) and daily subsistence allowance ($2,000);
Compared with previous years, few incidents were reported during the patron saint festivities around the country, during which large crowds congregate.
ON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL
In Indonesia too, there are a few occurrences of human rights abuses, but to fabricate that scores of arbitrary arrests, detentions, torture and disappearances take place, without relying on any independent corroboration whatsoever, is a continuing attempt by Portugal to discredit Indonesia.
The Board also noted that there were no cases of payment of fees exceeding $20,000 during 1997.
59. In 1998, the emergency assistance reported by the Government of China (through bilateral channels) consisted of two batches of medicine and two sets of computers and auxiliary equipment.
380. The Committee notes with appreciation the recent adoption by the Congress of the Union of an addendum to the Federal Code of Electoral Institutions and Procedures, which states that national political parties should consider providing in their statutes that no more than 70 per cent of the candidates for deputy or senator should be of the same gender.
26. The Secretary-General agrees with this recommendation and has reminded the appropriate departments and offices within the Secretariat of the need to maintain inventory records in accordance with the relevant regulations and rules.
There were two further cases of deaths in police custody following alleged beatings, in Fort-Liberté and Hinche in July, bringing the total of such cases for the year so far to three.
Many displaced persons, the majority of whom were women, had been returned to their places of origin and the Ministry for the Advancement of Women had provided emergency support and reintegration programmes to women heads of households.
68. Non-governmental organizations involved in the implementation of the outcome of the Summit have also played an active role in reminding Governments of their commitments made at Copenhagen and sensitizing public opinion on follow-up activities.
116. A law before the Israeli Parliament would deny compensation to Palestinian victims or surviving family members concerning injuries and deaths occurring during the intifada.
There is a need to promote greater coherence and complementarity between the work of the Second and Third Committees (para. 21).
PRINCIPLE 31. RESTRICTIONS ON THE EXCLUSION OF IN ABSENTIA PROCEDURE
As a result of this problem, compounded by the possibility of a domino effect, whole systems of the economy and critical government operations could experience significant disruptions.
4. At the 1494th meeting, on 8 July 1998, with the consent of the Special Committee, Ulu-o-Tokelau made a statement (see A/AC.109/SR.1494).
Moreover, the LDCs themselves have a responsibility, in the context of their macroeconomic policy, to overcome the problems of supply-side constraints, for example the issues of high tariffs and other restrictions.
The START Treaty and the Presidents' nuclear arms reduction initiatives in 1991-1992 will help to ensure the ultimate goal of nuclear disarmament and enhance international security.
Of this amount, the recorded expenditure totalled $29,331,700 gross ($27,968,800 net), resulting in an unencumbered balance of $2,570,300 gross ($2,163,200 net).
1305. The Committee is concerned that the National Plan of Action for Children (1995-2004) is still in draft form.
Of the remaining 22 projects awaiting the signature by the IA, 17 had been approved by the Council between March and May 1997 and five dated from 1996 (FCCC/SBI/1997/MISC.4).
III. Policies for the transfer of used assets and the retention of assets
The means of closing forklift pockets shall be a permanent part of the framework or permanently attached to the framework.
32. In the area of social policies, on 1 March 1998, both organizations renewed, for another two years, the joint programme on social policies for Latin America (PROPOSAL), created in 1989 to support the design and implementation of social policies through applied research, training and technical assistance.
Heavy material-handling equipment is required for the movement of equipment and supplies from the Viana logistics base to the regional headquarters and provincial offices.
(i) An international conference on the topic "The Universal Declaration of Human Rights and experience acquired in the democratic development of States";
Mental health care is curative in approach, with an emphasis on mental illness and behavioural abnormalities.
In both trade in goods and trade in services, several new initiatives to change the multilateral framework were being pursued, be it in the context of the “built-in agenda” of the WTO or negotiations which were not foreseen in it.
27. The total cost of maintaining UNMIBH, including UNMOP, central support services to the peacekeeping operations in the former Yugoslavia and the United Nations liaison offices at Belgrade and Zagreb for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 is estimated at $190,921,200 gross ($181,030,800 net).
Palestine refugees’ properties and their revenues
A statement was made by the representative of Bangladesh (on behalf of the LDCs).
The Harare Declaration on Solar Energy and Sustainable Development, the outline of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005 and the text of the World Solar Programme itself were distributed as information documents during the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly.
At 2010 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155 and 120-mm artillery shells at areas along the Tasah Spring, Mlita hill, Jabal al-Rafi` and outlying areas of Ayn Bu Siwar, Jba` and Mayfadun from their positions at Zafatah and Ksarat al-Urush and on Sujud hill.
16. Furthermore, based on the recommendations of a medical survey team that visited the Mission during the summer of 1997 to assess the medical, logistical and operational requirements of UNOMIG, the Mission has been provided with helicopter support for medical evacuations and an additional ambulance.
“(e) To ensure the timely receipt and safe custody of cash resources;
The Secretary-General requests that consideration of such a system be postponed until it may be examined by the General Assembly as part of the overall process of reform of human resources management.
70. The United States concluded that, of 12 vessels sighted using drift-nets in the North Pacific in 1997 and 1998, six had known connections to China and/or Taiwan Province of China, and added that both China and Taiwan Province of China had cooperated fully with the United States in investigating those drift-net cases.
The trade efficiency of the country is seriously affected by this situation in that SMEs are paying more for their trade finance and insurance and receive poorer-quality services in return than their counterparts in the developed economies.
1. The Board recommends that UNDP retain for at least two bienniums all audit reports received on national execution expenditure to enable the Board to complete its audit of those reports that had not been received in the previous biennium (para. 20).
Between 1110 and 1300 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the areas of Nabatiyah and Iqlim al-Tuffah at high altitude.
It was recognized that the private sector could play an important role in making biodiversity a tool for sustainable development in biodiversity-rich countries.
27. “Oceans and law of the sea” is one of the items on the agenda of the General Assembly for which the AALCC secretariat prepares notes and comments with a view to assisting the representatives of its member States in preparing for its consideration by the General Assembly.
In the promotion examination, a portion of the oral examination may be conducted in a language of a regional commission, while the interview component of the recruitment examination can also be conducted in any one of the official languages of the Organization.
A. Scope and nature of the landmine problem
According to IDF, was one of the rioters who threw stones at IDF soldiers and was shot at, in accordance with regulations. (H, JP, 17 May)
Conditions of service of the Professional and higher categories
Recalling its resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, containing the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, and all resolutions and decisions of the United Nations relating to those Territories, including, in particular, the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session on the individual Territories covered by the present resolution,
74. As described in greater detail in addendum 1 to the present report (A/53/226/Add.1), the preparation of UNDAF entails collaborative programming and close consultation with Governments, including compatibility with country strategy notes where they exist.
In addition, the report contains the proposed budget of a total of $7.1 million gross for the maintenance of the Support Group for the period from 1 July to 15 October 1998 ($5.6 million gross) and its liquidation thereafter ($1.5 million gross).
48. The Committee suggests that the State party undertake a comprehensive study to examine the implications of the principle of the "best interests of the child" in relation to laws and their implementation as well as to administrative practice in all relevant fields.
Parties included in Annex I to the Convention shall achieve the QELROs contained in paragraphs 118 and 118.1 above, taking fully into account the social and economic impacts of response measures on Parties included in Article 4.8 to the Convention in accordance with Article 3.
19. Additionally, the Field Administration and Logistics Division, through the Air Operations Unit and the Air Safety Unit, Transport Section, Logistics and Communications Service, constantly monitored the use of air assets in existing missions in order to ensure that the best possible use is made of aircraft resources.
(b) The logical framework approach, including stake-holder analysis, at the programme/project level.
(d) External debt crisis and development: report of the Second Committee (Part V) (A/52/626/Add.4);
Mission subsistence allowance rates for Tajikistan were last reviewed by the Office of Human Resources Management in February 1996.
(e) adoption or adjustment of the programme and budget.
28. Owing to the nature of their activities, a number of United Nations agencies have established very specific relations with non-governmental entities.
15. Statements were also made by the representatives of ESA, IAA, ILA, Inmarsat and INTELSAT, as well as the Expert on Space Applications of the Office for Outer Space Affairs.
More and more is being borrowed from a smaller and smaller source.
It should also be able to suggest financial solutions tailored to specific needs, including multi-source/multi-channel arrangements.
8. In response to this request by the Special Rapporteur, the Permanent Mission of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations Office at Geneva submitted extensive information in a note verbale dated 10 July 1998.
"Anthropogenic sink" means the total removal of greenhouse gases from the atmosphere within the territory of a Party caused by human activity during a concrete period.
In this section, Parties are invited to report, to the extent possible, whether AIJ are compatible with, and supportive of, national economic development and socio-economic and environment priorities and strategies.
Problems of security, however, cannot be addressed through administrative measures only.
III. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
26. The United Nations CyberSchoolBus, the Department’s online education project, continues to be successful, drawing a record number of accesses and reaching out to thousands of schools around the world.
“(c) Enhancing access of women to education, including science and technology, and to health care, including reproductive, maternal and child health care;
Noting that the identification of principles and guidelines of relevance to international negotiations could contribute to enhancing the predictability of negotiating parties, reducing uncertainty and promoting an atmosphere of trust at negotiations,
72. The Committee noted with appreciation that representatives of United Nations bodies, the specialized agencies and other international organizations had participated in all stages of its work.
This was adopted by the Council of Ministers in July 1996 and a decision was reached to establish a permanent intergovernmental council to monitor its application.
(h) Terrorist acts continue to be committed by the remnants of the Fretilin, and are aimed at spreading terror and fear among the population.
13. At its third meeting the Conference of the Parties established a work programme to promote the positive affects (and mitigate the negative impacts) of agricultural practices on biological diversity at ecosystem level, the conservation and sustainable use of genetic resources of actual and potential value for food and agriculture; and the fair and equitable sharing of benefits arising from the use of such resources.
(a) Transparent funding to ensure that their independence is never in doubt;
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION
3. Any person also commits an offence if that person:
The low level of response (23 per cent) from the Arab States and Europe is due primarily to the non-completion of the questionnaire by the Gulf States, Eastern European countries and the successor states of the former Soviet Union.
The situation in Central America: procedures for the esta-blishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development [45]:
INTRODUCTION The General Assembly, in its resolution 51/64, section IV, decided, inter alia, "to convene a special session in order to consider the fight against the illicit production, sale, demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and related activities, and to propose new strategies, methods, practical activities and special measures to strengthen international cooperation in addressing the problem of illicit drugs".
The Security Council, by its resolution 1094 (1997) of 20 January 1997, authorized the attachment to the United Nations Mission for the Verification of Human Rights and of Compliance with the Commitments of the Comprehensive Agreement on Human Rights in Guatemala (MINUGUA) of a group of 155 military observers and requisite medical personnel for a three-month period.
365. In the proposed revisions to the medium-term plan, or in the case of its new draft, legislative mandates should be indicated with each new proposal in the form of footnotes.
Like all Eritrean civilian detainees in concentration camps in Ethiopia, the two young Eritreans were detained illegally and without due process of law.
59. UNESCO’s Programme for Management of Social Transformations has developed a research project to provide policy analysis on the management of long-term unemployment.
Although the Committee does not object to the proposal at the present time, it requests that the need for the functions of an Air Operations Manager be reviewed in the context of the next budget proposal for UNPREDEP, if any.
6. The staffing structure for UNSMA for 1999, and the changes proposed, are contained in paragraphs 9–13 of the Secretary-General’s statement.
38 UNCTAD, Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.91.II.D.20).
(c) The various bodies providing information to the Committee in the course of the reporting process should ensure that the information they provide includes disabled children;
102. The Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS) seeks to build worldwide commitment and political support for the prevention and treatment of HIV/AIDS through advocacy based on technically sound and up-to-date analyses.
The secretariat provided funding for participation by experts from eligible Parties in accordance with normal practice and the availability of resources.
They reaffirmed the need for the two countries, which have referred the matter to the International Court of Justice for a peaceful settlement of their dispute, to avoid any action that might increase tension between them.
The status of an autonomous agency allows for a greater flexibility in operations, including the mobilization of funds.
Financial performance for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
This would be seen as facilitating the subsequent decision-making process, where the participants were seeking to ensure that the best evidence and information was derived for the Commission’s final decision-making role;
This was necessary for them to fulfil their respective roles in prioritizing activities, determining the validity of programmes, assessing old mandates, providing guidance on programme design, identifying duplication and overlap and appraising levels of coordination.
3. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic Cooperation Organization [34]:
Decoration 1986 Commander of the Order of Distinction, awarded by the Government of Jamaica for service in the field of international law.
On this special occasion, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan will recognize project representatives from Viet Nam, South Africa, El Salvador and from the United States for their outstanding contributions to the eradication of poverty.
From 1991-1996, 140 investment projects received US$50 million in funding and 430 technical aid projects received an additional US$17 million.
However, there is a need to provide an effective and early exit from the debt overhang problem in support of debtor policy reform efforts and to secure the necessary resources for the full and expeditious implementation of the initiative.
Other examples included an ad hoc tribunal to investigate allegations of improper supply or prescription of dangerous drugs and a national reference laboratory to undertake research on controlled substances and the applicable international controls.
203. The Office of Legal Affairs participated in the drafting of a number of legal instruments, including the directive for the development of United Nations rules of engagement for military personnel and codes of conduct for staff members and other United Nations personnel.
Foreign direct investment (FDI), joint ventures and strategic alliances have begun contributing to vertical diversification through the establishment of processing plants in developing countries.
Provision is made for the purchase of audio and video tapes, photographic film, paper and other miscellaneous supplies at an average cost of $5,000 per month.
(a) In the penultimate preambular paragraph, the phrase “be able to express their wishes fully through free, honest and transparent elections” was replaced by the phrase “be able to fully express their will through free, fair and transparent elections”;
The latter are indispensable in the fight against poverty.
United Nations common system [121] (A/52/30, A/52/439 and A/C.5/52/18)
Develops and implements work plans and provides overall management of the Division.
It is also concerned that no sex-disaggregated data have been collected on human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immune deficiency syndrome (HIV/AIDS) and that no reliable data had been collected on teenage pregnancy.
48. ECA has been able to implement its programmes as a result of the cooperation it received from the partnership it forged with other agencies within the United Nations system.
38. The Information Systems Coordination Committee, at its sixth session in October 1998, considered the development of further system-wide reporting mechanisms that have become necessary in connection with the implementation of Assembly resolution 52/233.
By the end of 1997, 250 personnel had completed the European Commission training and deployment programme.
These resources would be used to support a new programme within the secretariat's structure, which would consist of three staff members, two professional and one general service.
Recognizing that there now exist conditions for the establishment of a world free of nuclear weapons,
Provides secretarial and clerical support to the project team.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General A/53/328.
g With effect from 3 October 1990, the German Democratic Republic (which ratified the Convention on 9 July 1980) and the Federal Republic of Germany (which ratified the Convention on 10 July 1985) united to form one sovereign State, which acts in the United Nations under the designation “Germany”.
(f) The Kingdom of the Netherlands for its Ministry of Foreign Affairs: US$104,374;
The unspent balance of $14,600 resulted from actual requirements being lower than estimated.
More pragmatic and selective policies adopted in the mid—1980s (including increased trade protection followed by liberalization in 1991) proved more fruitful.
GC.7/Dec.20 Personnel matters: United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (GC.7/L.1; 23 8
115. UNCTAD – Meeting of Experts within the framework of the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
The Committee notes with satisfaction the delegate’s comments recognizing the importance of ensuring that the ombudsperson has adequate resources and is given a clear mandate to address gender issues.
(f) International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tobacco and Allied Workers’ Associations (IUF);
20. Income from staff assessment (2 109 100)
- Return air-tickets = 5 (TCP) x $1 000 = $ 5 000
The Committee appreciates the exhaustive replies of the Government to questions posed by experts which amplified the written reports. The Committee also appreciates the input of non-governmental organizations to the preparation of the reports.
It should be noted that funds had to be expended in advance of their receipt for donors so as not to stop ongoing construction or to incur legal indemnity payments.
NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS PREVIOUSLY ACCREDITED TO SESSIONS
Recalling its resolution 52/187 of 18 December 1997 in which it decided to convene the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries at a high level in the year 2001,
(d) Projects should relate to new activities not already mandated under the programme budget;
Another synthetic designer drug, sodium oxidate (gamma-hydroxybutyrate (GHB) , also known as "liquid X" or "fantasy") is beginning to show in Europe.
Similarly, the Secretary-General’s advisory group on the strategic framework process in crisis countries, chaired by the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs, as convener of the Executive Committee on Peace and Security, includes the conveners of the United Nations Development Group and the Executive Committee on Humanitarian Affairs, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the World Bank.
Another 10 per cent of overtime reflected the work carried out by international contractual personnel charged with repair and refurbishment of vehicles earmarked for the new missions.
8.What lessons can be learned for a possible MFI from the manner in which BITs are designed to contribute to increased investment flows and development?
Figure VIII shows the reported trends in volatile solvent (inhalants) abuse, by region, between 1992 and 1995. IV. RESPONSES TO DRUG ABUSE
Recent experience has demonstrated that the phases of relief, rehabilitation and development are generally not consecutive, but overlap and often take place simultaneously, depending on the geographical area and the needs of specific target groups in a particular country.
* Following the adjournment of the 19th meeting of the Sixth Committee.
The provisional agenda for an extraordinary session shall consist only of those items proposed for consideration in the request for the holding of the extraordinary session.
The members of the Board and the alternates would be seconded by their permanent missions to the United Nations and their salaries would continue to be paid by the missions.
In paragraphs 6 and 7 of its resolution 52/1, the General Assembly approved funding for the clearance of backlog inventory at the Base, and requested a progress report on this activity during the first part of its resumed fifty-second session.
3. Secondly, the dialogue was held in a new spirit of partnership based on mutual interests and shared benefits.
The provision of $50,000 represents the estimated cost of work to be undertaken prior to 15 January 1998.
A synergistic approach to child survival, development and protection at family and community levels is required to address issues of water, environmental sanitation, hygiene, health, nutrition and education.
13. Our policies towards our neighbours and other countries too have not changed; India remains fully committed to the promotion of peace with stability and the resolution of all outstanding issues through bilateral dialogue and negotiations.
Those areas account for a rising proportion of both heroin and cocaine seizures made in Europe in the 1990s.
The most fervent wish of the Government of the Republic of Burundi is that all areas of tension might be extinguished in the region so that the leaders and peoples concerned can tackle the huge challenges facing them.
The Bureau must then examine such credentials and report on them without delay to the Commission.
(b) A training programme for gender sensitization of those who must understand and implement the Convention, including police, teachers, the judiciary and health professionals.
Identifying types of enterprises according to sector will give indications as to what types of services are required.
Kazakhstan has the world’s sixth largest reserves of oil and natural gas.
(a) Issue a booklet containing, inter alia, recent statistical information and give it wide distribution, including making it available on the ICSC home page;
One speaker said that integrated information centres should continue to be strengthened and that their directors should be given more access to in-depth background materials on a range of issues.
The health insurance programme involves the provision of medical, hospital and dental services through different insurance plans, the cost of which is shared by the Organization and the participants, the latter including both active staff members and retirees, numbering about 22,000 and 7,000 respectively, in 1997.
(d) Science and technology for development
d/ Represents non-expendable property as of 30 June 1997.
It was therefore suggested that additional recommendations should be formulated to reflect, in particular, the issues covered in paragraph 77.
(b) The capacities of RTC/Ps in the developing countries should be built progressively to the level of those of RTC/Ps in the developed countries;
23. The view was expressed that further development of telemedecine could have an impact on other modes of supply of medical services, given that by receiving cross-border consultations, patients would be less likely to travel abroad, and medical professionals and students would have access to medical education from foreign countries without the need to move abroad.
Management, including budgetary management of the staff of the cabinet, shall be under the authority of the Secretary-General.
306. The Commission further requested the secretariat to continue to seek additional information sources in the best practice compendium and include the experience, inter alia, of developing countries.
Included in the reported expenditures are charges pertaining to prior periods totalling $38,900 for telephone communications ($33,600) and pouch and postage services ($5,300).
(d) Expedite the receipt of outstanding disbursement reports in respect of government and NGO executed projects (para. 36);
It was evident that placing the human being and the protection of his/her rights at the centre of United Nations activities was the unifying factor that could bind the work of the United Nations system together towards meeting the goals set by the World Conference on Human Rights and other United Nations conferences and summits.
23. The provision of $727,200 was made for the deployment of 14 United Nations Volunteers for 168 work-months at an average monthly cost of $4,329.
C. Enhancing internal oversight in the operational funds and programmes
(b) Report of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees on the work of its forty-ninth session; Ibid., Supplement No. 12A (A/53/12/Add.1).
In the interests of advancing the process, he also encouraged Parties to consult amongst themselves, especially those required by the Convention to take the lead in combating climate change.
However, Saami customary law is never applied if it is in contravention of national law.
All catering facilities will be closed on Thursday, 27 November 1997, Thanksgiving Day.
But such activities require strong support from the public sector.
The balance and realism of our State's foreign policy has enabled it to charter a new course towards the European and international communities, while at the same time strengthening our traditional ties with Russia and other partners within the former Soviet Union and rectifying the deformation of these ties.
In Bolivia, it is reported that Banco Solidario, a private commercial microenterprise bank, is regulated by the Superintendency of Banks, with the same financial and reporting requirements as traditional banks, but with simpler loan documentation and risk classification rules.
“Reaffirming the importance and continued validity of the Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries, contained in the annex to its resolution S-18/3 of 1 May 1990, and the International Development Strategy for the Fourth United Nations Development Decade, contained in the annex to its resolution 45/199 of 21 December 1990,
The Civil Administration stated that her house had been built “illegally” and that all legal procedures had been exhausted prior to its demolition, including an appeal to the High Court of Justice, which was also rejected.
In that connection, Russia took part in the preparation of the report on small arms submitted to the Secretary-General in 1997 and complies with its recommendations.
ADOPTION OF AGENDA AND ORGANIZATION OF WORK
M. Lazhar Soualem, Sous directeur des affaires humanitaires et des droits de l’homme, Ministère des affaires etrangères
A number of other delegations supported that general position.
440. The Committee agreed that the Human Rights Committee’s “Guidelines for the exercise of functions by members of the Committee” be circulated among members of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women for their information and comments, with a view to possible consideration at its nineteenth session.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.6-8 and 43).
1 February-30 April 1996 (resolution 50/89 B)
The Common System, Compensation and Classification Service represents the Office of Human Resources Management in both internal and common system-wide working groups dealing with policies on entitlements applicable to staff in field operations.
169. The Conference also adopted amendments to the Guidelines on the Enhanced Programme of Inspections during Surveys of Bulk Carriers and Oil Tankers, which were adopted by the IMO Assembly in its resolution A.744(18) and made mandatory by amendments to SOLAS at a Conference in 1994.
We have audited the accompanying financial statements, comprising statements I to III, schedules 1 to 6 and the supporting notes of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme for the financial period ended 31 December 1997.
Stressing also the importance of securing the necessary resources for funding expanded assistance programmes for the peoples concerned and the need to enlist the support of all major funding institutions within the United Nations system in that regard,
An innovative approach that has been used successfully by Grameen Bank’s credit-delivery system is “peer-group monitoring” to reduce lending risk, although some studies have suggested that the reason for the Grameen Bank’s high repayment rates is also partly due to the practice of weekly public meetings – at which attendance is compulsory – for the repayment of loan instalments and the collection of savings.
According to this witness, the Israeli authorities were telling the Druze that they were not Arabs and trying to recreate history for them.
(q) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the commercial insurance programmes (A/52/1020);
18. On 17 February, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu repeated his determination to insist on his demand that “terrorists” residing in the autonomous areas be handed over to Israel.
Examine specific development challenges regarding effective participation in international trade and investment, drawing out the lessons that may be of value to developing countries, countries in transition, and in particular the least developed countries.
For the majority of Parties emissions of PFCs have decreased since 1990, while emissions of HFCs and SF6 have increased, HFCs in particular, owing to their use as a replacement for ozone-depleting substances controlled by the Montreal Protocol on Substances that Deplete the Ozone Layer.
(b) Reports to intergovernmental bodies (General Assembly) and addenda to Security Council reports
Ms. Sinclair will provide information relating to preparations for the Ottawa Conference, its agenda and post-Conference follow-up. SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS
Brazil Mr. Antônio Augusto Dayrell de Lima 6
(c) Under the direction of the Security Council, the Organization has been involved in various aspects of peacekeeping and peacemaking, including efforts towards resolving conflicts, restoring democracy, promoting disarmament, providing electoral assistance and facilitating post-conflict peace-building as well as engaging in humanitarian activities to ensure the survival of groups deprived of basic needs.
11. The report of the Advisory Committee on proposed budget estimates of UNRWA for the biennium 1998–1999 was communicated to the Commissioner-General through a letter dated 8 October 1997 by the Chairman of the Committee (AC/1330).
2. Statements and comments made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/53/SR.38).
Identical letters dated 7 October 1998 from the Permanent
b These assumptions are consistent with those used in the regular valuation as at 31 December 1998.
Public information (Part VII, section 26)
Recalling its resolution 52/187 of 18 December 1997, in which it decided to convene the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries at a high level in the year 2001,
(b) Contribution by the Board to the consideration of the General Assembly, at its fifty-second session, of holding a third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries
This Part focuses on operational activities, in the context of UNCTAD’s Programme of Technical Cooperation Activities in Support of Palestinian Trade, Finance and Related Services, undertaken during the period 1995-1997 in the interrelated areas of Palestinian private—sector development and institution building.
(a) Transport of contingent-owned equipment
It would also monitor, analyse and assess economic and social policies and trends from a global as well as a gender perspective.
(f) Letter dated 23 February 1998 from the Charge d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the final documents of the eighth session of the Islamic Summit Conference, held at Tehran, from 9 to 11 December 1997 (A/53/72–S/1998/156);
81. On 27 December, the Israeli Government rejected as a non-starter unworthy of consideration the proposal of PA President Yasser Arafat to have an international force stationed in the West Bank areas that Israel deemed vital to its security. (Jerusalem Post, 28 December)
B. Representation at meetings and conferences
“7. We recall that the second Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization decided to establish a process to ensure full and faithful implementation of existing agreements and to prepare for the third Ministerial Conference.
The European Union strongly deplores the actions of the authorities of Myanmar to hinder the free movement of Daw Aung San Suu Kyi.
7. Arrangements for intergovernmental meetings.
(e) Improved judicial cooperation, including to combat the violation of national gun laws and regulations.
Some of them stressed the fact that the composition of the group should be broad-based and should reflect equitable geographical representation of all States.
The declaration formulates common goals and commitments to be implemented in connection with the Habitat Agenda.
The publication now carries on a regular basis the “RightsWatch” section; in issue 3, the Director-General of UNESCO analyses the human rights dimensions of the ethics of cloning.
(a) Existing information systems needed to be better organized to facilitate their full use, by member States, for the secure and confidential exchange of information on illicit drug-trafficking organizations;
10. Several experts from developing countries noted that many experts from the LDCs that faced serious transit problems had been unable to participate in the Expert meeting because of financial constraints.
It is also designed to assist parties in taking actions individually or jointly within their respective policies, priorities and resources, leading to the prevention, reduction, control and/or elimination of pollution of the marine environment, as well as to its recovery from the impacts of land-based activities.
This matter will be considered by ACPAQ at its forthcoming session.
79. Trafficking routes have been identified in virtually every part of the world, and they are constantly shifting.
The estimate is based on 10 nights per month at $50 per night.
35. Unlike most Roman—law countries, the common—law countries' legal systems do not acknowledge trial in absentia.
56. The most general characteristics of human rights violations that could be classified as international crimes are as follows:
In addition, they are increasingly engaged in contributing to the effective implementation of the Secretary-General’s reform programme, particularly in the practical, day-to-day operational context at the country level.
For paragraphs 67 to 68 above read paragraphs 70 and 71 above
1983-1988: Treasurer of the National Union of Magistrates of Côte d'Ivoire (UNAMACI).
The unutilized balance of $5,500 resulted from actual requirements being lower than originally anticipated.
III. Recommendations of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
It also is concerned at the different marriage age of girls and boys, which is not in conformity with article 2 of the Convention.
∙ A perceived need to develop and to some extent deploy anti-satellite weapons;
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work.
The Conference of the Parties, the supreme body of the Convention, shall serve as the Meeting of the Parties to this Protocol.
40. The Committee has before it seven reports that have been prepared in response to specific requests made by it.
“1. The high-level segment of the substantive session of 1998 of the Economic and Social Council took place from 6 to 8 July 1998.
Implementation of the recommendations of the Board of Auditors
21. Views were expressed on the high overall rate of implementation of 80 per cent.
It requested the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session a report containing information on the status of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the problems addressed in resolution 52/107.
The briefings will take place at 1.15 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
Item 4 Institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
In the area of youth, activities were supported and implemented aiming at enhancing employment opportunities of youngsters through post-literacy and numeracy training, vocational training and capacity-building.
Training and development of human resources for public management
(d) Maintenance of fire extinguishers at the Base and within the start-up kits ($8,000);
2 To be issued as Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 32 (A/52/32/Rev.1).
59. Priority would also need to be given to enhancing the availability and efficient utilization of essential inputs commonly needed by SMEs, including finance, land, physical facilities and equipment.
Although there is no evidence of any external threat to the country, inter-ethnic tensions within the country and in the region retain the potential to destabilize the situation.
Lastly, the practice of taking preventive measures, such as suspending State employees under investigation for serious violations or crimes from their jobs or from some of their duties, is unheard of.
She underlines the urgency of this request, especially since a period of time would be required before a third Trial Chamber is fully functional.
A total of 400,000 citizens migrated from the south and the western Bekaa and dispersed to Beirut, Mount Lebanon and the north.
To encourage co-ordination, the meeting was held in conjunction with an Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) meeting on adaptation in Amsterdam from 20 to 22 March 1997.
Given the high proportion of retirees among temporary language staff, the ceiling of $40,000 on the annual earnings for that category has been an added incentive to follow such a policy.
For four projects, lifetime expenditures were in line with approved budgets, while the overspend on the fifth project was less than 1 per cent.
The Chairman invited the Group to consider how it wished to proceed in the period after December 1997.
In the same resolution, the Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to ensure that the reports containing those views, and requested at the resumed session, were compiled and forwarded to Governments at the fifty-third session of the Assembly.
Special attention is paid to how Pacific islanders might develop unique solutions which will allow them to adopt and apply international human rights laws while also retaining those customary laws and practices which give them identity as a people.
Consideration should be given to the incorporation of the Convention in the school curricula and appropriate measures should be taken to facilitate access by children to information produced on their rights.
The information contained in this database will form the basis for transfer of data to the field assets control system, a task which is presently ongoing.
More than 11,000 Eritreans were rounded up and deported in the most inhumane way in two previous rounds from major centres in the country and villages in the border areas.
It was agreed by a number of delegations that information also had a vital role to play in the promotion of world peace.
They urged more of this, for mutual benefit.
Upon instructions from my Government and further to my letter dated 7 October 1998 (A/53/476-S/1998/935), I have the honour to draw your attention to a new violation of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and of the flight information region of Nicosia by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, recorded on 8 October 1998.
There further appears to be a tendency for public authorities to compete among themselves to attract large-sized investments by offering extravagant incentive packages.
Governments have to be aware that certain types of SME support measures such as subsidized credits could be in conflict with WTO rules.
Until the end of 1998, UNITAR will continue to try to obtain all necessary supporting documents to settle this outstanding matter.
Therefore, the policy and the standard operating procedures are designed to allow missions to develop their own such procedures so that they reflect the cultural, environmental and operational conditions of the area concerned.
(b) Report of the Joint Advisory Group on the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO on its twenty-ninth session
In that regard, it was stated that it would be useful if future programme performance reports included an analysis of the plan in force with clearer references to changes that were introduced in previous plans.
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles
236. UNEP - High-level Committee of Ministers and Officials [Governing Council decision 19/1 B]
The Administration recovered $95,785 and continued to pursue recovery of the remaining $515,387.
Informal consultations on agenda item 121 (United Nations common system (A/52/30, A/52/439 and A/C.5/52/18))
At the same time, concern was expressed about the basis for the proposed economies in the order of $20 million in the proposal of the Secretary-General.
(launched by a Proton carrier rocket from the Baikonur launch site)
The recruitment process at United Nations Headquarters
I refer to the decision at the tenth session of the Intergovernmental negotiating Committee for a Convention to Combat Desertification in January 1997 inviting IFAD and UNDP to make revised submissions concerning the Global Mechanism (GM).
A great degree of importance was attached to an approach that would not only be straightforward and easy to manage but that would also facilitate and not complicate the achievement of consensus recommendations and decisions in the Board and in the General Assembly.
Upon concluding that task, the Working Group would be welcome, in the context of its general advisory function with respect to the issues of electronic commerce, to make proposals to the Commission for future work in that area.
For reasons explained in paragraph 12, there is an unutilized balance of $192,700.
Thus, national legislation does not include a definition of racial discrimination along the lines of article 1 of the Convention.
The objectives of the meeting were to identify the current cleaner production activities undertaken in the region by various agencies and to define specific tasks the Working Group will be focusing on to promote the implementation of cleaner production.
248. Representatives and observers of a number of States reported that official action was being considered with a view to adherence to various conventions and to the adoption of legislation based on various model laws prepared by UNCITRAL.
(p) Priority must be given to the ratification and the effective and accelerated enforcement of existing conventions and instruments on human rights, on trafficking of persons, and on slavery and slavery-like practices.
It was stated that it was not the job of the Secretariat to set priorities; it was the prerogative of Member States.
“(a) Substantial reductions in all tariffs, the rolling back of tariff peaks and the removal of tariff escalation, which still affect a notable range of products and sectors;
The rate of increase approximated estimated population growth.
(g) A cost-effective methodology developed for the regular updating of the network inventory;
(Estimated costs inclusive of 13% programme support costs)
The change in the geopolitical situation has brought about a new relationship between interests in the Caspian region and has made it essential to devise new approaches to determining the status of the Caspian Sea.
The nature of the requests for change of venue and the action taken by the Committee are described below: Organ
In the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, a new Department for International Development has been created, with cabinet rank and broader authority than its predecessor, the Overseas Development Administration.
Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention 10 - 11 6
Question 1: Can an aerospace object be defined as an object which is capable both of travelling through outer space and of using its aerodynamic properties to remain in airspace for a certain period of time? 4
Delegations are further encouraged to submit to the Secretary or the Chairman of the Committee (room S-3420D), any relevant documentation or written statements in advance of the meeting.
17. In the area of peacekeeping, several countries members of the Committee have established specialized peacekeeping units in their armed forces in order to participate more actively in peacekeeping operations carried out under the auspices of the United Nations and OAU.
According to international observers, the election of Mr. Radisic is likely to facilitate the working of the joint institutions and will constitute a dramatic change from his predecessor, Mr. Krajisnik, who was a hardliner and an uncompromising obstructionist.
Upon resumption of the meeting, statements were made by the representatives of Egypt, France, the Sudan, Spain, Algeria, China and Costa Rica.
She emphasized her strong personal commitment to the promotion and protection of the human rights of women and her intention to work closely with the Committee to create a more effective system for implementing its recommendations and those of other treaty bodies.
The credentials of representatives as well as the names of alternate representatives and advisers shall be submitted to the Permanent Secretariat if possible not later than twenty-four hours after the opening of the session.
The most frequently reported policies and measures are summarized below.
They expressed the deep conviction that Uzbekistan and the Russian Federation will continue in future to move along the road of ever-closer and more intensive cooperation.
The note: (i) reviews briefly the rules and procedures of ECOSOC and of UNCTAD on consultative relations with non-governmental organizations; (ii) recommends changes in the UNCTAD rules and procedure on consultative relations with non-governmental organizations; and (iii) recommends a reclassification of special category non-governmental organizations in consultative status with UNCTAD.
I urged the international community to do its part by converting into grants all remaining bilateral official debts for the poorest countries and to ease the conditions of access to multilateral facilities for the heavily indebted poor countries.
7. After the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Mexico made a statement in explanation of position (see A/C.6/53/SR.31).
(c) Share information on national research and development programmes in sustainable agriculture.
On the one hand, as argued above, the GM would rely on IFAD for support.
The Committee further suggests that the setting up of an independent monitoring body to receive and consider complaints of children involved with the administration of juvenile justice be duly considered by the Syrian authorities.
The Board considers that this level of response is inadequate, as reflected from the level of sampling errors referred to in paragraphs 37 and 38.
In all civilized countries, inciting hatred on the basis of race, religion, nationality or ethnicity is a crime.
Conference room paper submitted by the Bureau of the Open-ended Working Group: sets of outstanding issues related to the expansion of the Security Council, dated 25 June 1998 Previously issued as A/AC.247/1998/CRP.12/Rev.1.
8. Also requests the Secretary-General to ensure that recruitment for any new posts arising from the phase-out of gratis personnel is made on as wide a geographical basis as possible with due regard to gender;
No observer had ever been denied access, and many of its most important decisions had been taken following requests by observer delegations.
A large number of participants, most from Arab countries and some at the ministerial level, visited the stand and held substantive consultations with UNCTAD staff on trade issues.
Following the incident, Palestinians in the area began to attack security officials with stones and a petrol bomb.
44. The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development
Numerous legal and political means have been identified, approved and implemented.
Chapter IV ACTION BY THE COMMISSION AND PROCEEDINGS OF THE CLOSING PLENARY
28. Disarmament issues were featured on a range of Department of Public Information video products during the reporting period.
UNFICYP United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus
53. The Board recommends that such contracts be finalized with transparency in accordance with the financial rules and that the requisite approvals be obtained before the contracts are awarded.
PRACTICAL ACTIVITIES AND SPECIFIC MEASURES TO STRENGTHEN
47. In view of the sensitive nature of the information with which the mechanism would have to deal, the Ministers expressed the hope that utmost confidentiality would be observed in disseminating such information.
Such reform should in particular address the administration of justice, as well as the minimum ages for marriage, access to employment and criminal responsibility.
Finally, and more generally, care has to be taken that incentives are offered on the basis of host country needs, and not simply to match incentives offered by other countries.
31. I am firmly convinced that with the final fine tuning of these ultimate requirements, this United Nations compensation operation will pass into history as a model of effectiveness, correction and fairness in the delicate and difficult circumstances that led to its creation, and that its work, its rules and its results will guide and shape the outcome of future compensation operations.
3. Endorses the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;2
At 1750 hours Israel's client militia fired a number of 155-mm artillery shells on the environs of Zawtar al-Gharbiyah and Qa`qa`iyat al-Jisr from its position at Zafatah.
The Unit is responsible for the maintenance of the links to the Lebanese and Israeli national grids.
21.1 The following three principles set forth in the Convention should be reflected in the elaboration of QELROs in a balanced way:
* Following the adjournment of the 27th meeting.
1335. The Committee suggests that the State party continue its efforts to combat malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency.
UNHCR will continue to pay special attention to the needs of these groups, with a strong focus on their protection problems, particularly in conflict and post-conflict situations.
Although the environment has played a larger role in corporate strategy over the last decade, it is nevertheless apparent that annual reports at present fail to convey either the significance of environmental issues to the reporting entity or any adequate description of how corporate management is attempting to integrate environmental strategy into overall corporate strategy.
3. Takes note further of the arrangements made for the Office of Internal Oversight Services of the United Nations Secretariat to continue to carry out the internal audits of the Fund;
278. The Committee recommends that the State party ratify the amendments to article 8, paragraph 6, of the Convention, adopted on 15 January 1992 at the Fourteenth Meeting of States Parties.
The Working Group commended the Chairman for the work he had undertaken during the 1997 and 1998 sessions of the Disarmament Commission to achieve a consensus.
(g) What are the most common minority views which contradict the consensus of available scientific conclusions? Annex III
(d) International migration and development, including the convening of a United Nations conference on interna-tional migration and development
4. As indicated in the prior report to the General Assembly on the subject (A/C.5/52/15), net budgeting had been applied in the current and previous programme budgets to the International Trade Centre (ITC) and the secretariats of the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (CCAQ), the Information Systems Coordinating Committee (ISCC) and the Consultative Committee on Programme and Operational Questions (CCPOQ).
Illegal Israeli actions in occupied East Jerusalem and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory: report of the Secretary-General (A/ES-10/16 and Add.1) [5].
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
The Conference also approved the establishment of a regional co-ordination unit responsible for facilitating the elaboration of a regional action programme, and invited African countries to put in place a regional facilitation fund.
83. Commission on Human Settlements, seventeenth session [Economic and Social Council resolution 1978/1 and General Assembly resolution 32/162]
Biodiversity support of approved activities 792 324
In addition, provision is made at the established dry-lease rate for the reimbursement for the use of a contingent-owned ambulance at a monthly rate of $756 for 10.2 months ($7,700).
The Special Representative was reassured of the unconditional support of all concerned for the initiative.
This includes support to management and accountability, support on substantive issues of design, implementation and evaluation, and facilitation of work with United Nations procedures.
Continued moderate economic growth in 1997 was due to the stalemate in the regional peace process and domestic issues, including continued escalation of debt, pressure on the Lebanese pound and issues of governance.
Since the introduction of the pension adjustment system in 1975, it has been used to provide relief in individual cases of proven hardship owing to illness, infirmity or similar causes.
109. The view was expressed that the meaning of the terminology proposed to be used in paragraph 18.12 (a) (gender-sensitive demographic analysis) and in paragraph 18.13 (a) (feminization of poverty) needed to be clarified.
Further savings were attributable to the fact that the actual cost of rations averaged $5.53 per person, which was less than the budgeted amount of $6.00.
10. The reports considered by the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its seventh session dealt with the procedural and substantive aspects of the Tenth Congress.E/AC.15/1998/2 and Add.1/Rev.1 and Add.2.
The Board recommends that the Administration ensure that instructions and the provisions of the Procurement Manual are adhered to and that economies of scale are obtained where possible.
A discussion paper on the subject, prepared by one of the members, recommended the development of a long-term multidimensional strategy to achieve a sustainable nuclear-weapon-free world, which would take into account the full complexity of the issues and require the cooperation of the nuclear-weapon States.
However, to give an analysis of this figure into various categories of difficulties these staff members faced in obtaining the French visa could not be provided since that information was not available.
(a) The need to take precautionary measures to anticipate, prevent or minimize the causes of climate change and mitigate its adverse effects on the basis of equity and in accordance with their common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities;
Separate financial statements are prepared for each fund or for a group of funds of the same nature;
On 17 September 1998, two Turkish RF-4F military aircraft entered the northern part of the Nicosia flight information region in violation of international air traffic regulations and of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the area of Kormakitis in the Karpasia region and the south-western area of Paphos and then exiting towards the Ankara flight information region.
Convinced also that development can be achieved only in a climate of peace, security and mutual confidence both within and among States,
The cost estimate provides for pay and allowances at the rate of $988 per person per month for all ranks for a total of 11,460 person-months ($11,322,500), plus a supplementary allowance of $291 per person per month for a limited number of specialists, consisting of 10 per cent of infantry personnel and 25 per cent of logistics and support personnel ($495,900).
36. The Office should remind field offices to evaluate the work of national professional project personnel (para. 43).
The topics of the panels will be: (1) women and armed conflict; (2) human rights of women; (3) the girl child; and (4) violence against women.
Strategies to address these root factors should be facilitated and supported by the United Nations and its Member States, and at the same time measures should be strengthened to discourage traffickers, protect those who are vulnerable to trafficking, offer legal, physical and psychological protection and empowerment to victims of trafficking, and address the futures of women and children who have been victims of trafficking.
137. The representative of the Department of Public Information at the United Nations Office at Almaty moderated a panel discussion on human rights topics, including the status of ratification of human rights conventions and national human rights legislation.
20. The Accounts Division provides backstopping support not only to peacekeeping operations but also for regular budget and extrabudgetary activities.
This gives rise to the question of whether the employment of those individuals who do not fall within OHRM’s definition of retirees should nevertheless be subject to the conditions governing the employment of retirees, in particular the provision that limits employment of retirees to a six-month period in any calendar year.
The multipurpose playgrounds at the Bureij and Deir el-Balah centres were improved with funds from the local community.
The Convention will establish an international alert list and help developing countries obtain necessary information to protect themselves from adverse health and environmental impacts of trade in hazardous chemicals and pesticides.
The Committee was informed that $4.3 million had been paid up to 31 December 1996 in respect of contingent-owned equipment, and $2.3 million is estimated to be owed as at 31 January 1998.
Reiterating the expression of its appreciation for the dedication of increasing numbers of staff of the United Nations common system who are required to work under dangerous conditions,
(r) Conventional arms control at the regional and subregional levels;
Several projects have already been identified in the areas of greenhouse gas (GHG) inventories, air pollution monitoring, climate observation and adaptation measures and dissemination of technical information.
In particular, the Committee requests data on the implementation of the information system that is beginning to be applied.
Letter dated 3 August 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a statement on the recent developments in Myanmar issued on 31 July 1998 by the Presidency of the European Union (A/53/215)
The genesis of the crisis was similar to that of the Thai case as well.
48. The lease agreement on 333 East 38th Street, formerly occupied by greeting card and related operations, was for the period from 1 January 1990 to 31 December 2003.
4. The assessment and projects proposed by the mission have been discussed extensively by more than 60 specialists from United Nations organizations and the specialized agencies, the Government of Kazakhstan, and other technical experts from Kazakhstan and the international community.
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
Recalling that in the Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism contained in the annex to resolution 49/60 the General Assembly encouraged States to review urgently the scope of the existing international legal provisions on the prevention, repression and elimination of terrorism in all its forms and manifestations, with the aim of ensuring that there was a comprehensive legal framework covering all aspects of the matter,
Within this broad framework, our discussions this morning have been driven to a large extent by the repercussions of the so-called Asian crisis.
In conjunction with the observance of Human Rights Day and the launch of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a two-day International Journalists Roundtable on Human Rights will take place on 8 and 9 December 1997 in Conference Room 6.
The Commission noted that United Nations staff members continued to receive the post adjustment of the parent duty station because of the need to maintain families and/or a home at those locations.
8. The participation of non-governmental organizations in the special session was a milestone event.
23. No provision is made under this heading.
“(g) To improve the payment systems in order to streamline processing, reduce costs and enhance security;
C. Implementation of article 12 of the 1988 Convention 20-21 6
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
20. In addition, a miscellany of secondary effects may stem from particular features of the sanctions regime, geographical factors and monitoring and enforcement requirements, thus affecting traditional economic interaction in the region.
479. In December 1997, the twelfth fellowship was awarded to Mr. Fagaloa Tufuga of Samoa.
Also, in disseminating public information, United Nations Radio is of key importance in peacekeeping operations and humanitarian activities.
Annex A would include the same States as those listed in Annex I to the Convention, plus those that join subsequently pursuant to Article 2 (see paragraphs 119-119.6 and 169-169.1).
In addition to the Global Knowledge Partnership mentioned above, it actively participates in the following communication international forums and task forces: the Inter-Agency Task Force on Behaviour and Communication, the Round Table on Communication for Development, and the E-9 Summit on Education for All.
1. At its 58th meeting, on 26 March 1998, the Fifth Committee considered a note by the Secretary-General (A/52/105/Add.1) concerning the notification of the death of Mr. Francis Spain (Ireland) member of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal.
Objective: to contribute to the elimination of poppy cultivation in the Dir district in Pakistan in support of the Government’s phased programme of enforced poppy eradication, applying to the project an alternative development approach involving community participation.
Indigenous law will continue to be an effective tool for conflict resolution, especially when the authorities and procedures are clearly identified.
Facilitate the process through which developing countries utilize the benefits of globalization to accelerate the attainment of the objective of sustainable development.
4. Election of the President of the General Assembly.
At the same meeting, an expert reviewed the experience of Germany with respect to precursor control.
The Committee took note of the joint working paper, commended the four experts for their collaborative efforts and expressed the hope that similar joint projects with the Sub—Commission would be undertaken in the future.
Allocation of agenda items of the fifty-third regular session of the General Assembly
The Committee also points out that the General Assembly, in paragraph 7 of its resolution 52/248, while recalling its earlier request for an in-depth evaluation of the structure and staffing of those divisions and units involved in the support of peacekeeping operations, regretted “the lack of detail provided about the evaluation and that the useful information subsequently provided was not included in the original support account submission of the Secretary-General”.
She informed the Committee that one of the essential tasks of the State was to ensure the fundamental rights and freedoms of all citizens through, inter alia, the adherence to international treaties and the realization of the rights espoused in those instruments at the national level.
3. In paragraph 335 of the Beijing Platform for Action, UNIFEM was requested to review and strengthen its work programme in light of the Platform for Action, focusing on women’s economic and political empowerment, and to play an advocacy role, concentrating on fostering a multilateral policy dialogue on women’s empowerment.
10. Ultimately, effective communication of the United Nations message, and its relevance, will depend significantly upon how well the message is projected to the media.
6. Election of the Vice-Presidents of the General Assembly
Between 0545 and 0700 hours Israeli forces fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Ghanduriyah from their positions at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal and Ksarat al-Urush.
Thematic discussions on the items were held, and draft resolutions were introduced and considered, at the 14th to 21st meetings, on 23 and from 27 to 30 October and on 2 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.14–21).
52.1 At any time after this Protocol has entered into force with respect to a Party, that Party may withdraw from this Protocol by giving written notification to the Depositary.
787. The Committee is concerned at the high maternal mortality rates, lack of access to prenatal care and, more generally, limited access to public health-care facilities.
This does not exempt an enterprise from disclosing the fact that there is an environmental liability.
If they are required to travel on behalf of the United Nations, they may be given a United Nations certificate in accordance with section 26, article VII, of the Convention.
To limit the adverse effects of high workloads on quality of care, standard management protocols were developed, staff trained to defined competency levels, and an appointment system implemented.
“Report of the Expert Meeting on Strengthening the Capacity and Expanding Exports of Developing Countries in the Services Sector: Health Services” (TD/B/COM.1/7-TD/B/COM.1/EM.1/3)
There are obvious inherent difficulties with assessing the continuing validity of legislative mandates, given the diversity of views, concerns and priorities of Member States.
10. The Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:
159. Concerted efforts need to be made to build a more effective collaborative relationship with the United Nations network of institutes that deal with crime.
6. Urges all Member States to extend and expedite aid and assistance with a view to the economic and social development of the Palestinian people and the occupied territories;
17. The administration should ensure that recruitment of consultants fully complies with established rules and procedures.
Integrated Management Information System project
1. Emphasizes that the responsibility for the decisions taken by the Commission rests solely with the members of the Commission;
Other damage to the environment came from factories and stone quarries, especially those in the vicinity of Tulkarm, near water source and water spring areas.
The Programme’s information base on national drug control legislation will be expanded and improved and collaboration among Governments in the legal field, including cooperation to suppress illicit traffic by sea, will be facilitated;
XI. Cooperative mechanisms, capacity-building and information
The certainty that the security of small island States, faced with special concerns of various kinds, could be increased if policy dialogue and cooperation programmes for this subregion were strengthened;
The Office informed the Board, however, that in many cases, for example, under the Montreal Protocol, alternative confirmation of satisfactory delivery is sought and obtained.
UNICEF organizes an Education for Development programme, aimed at helping young people develop democratic values such as global solidarity, anti-racism, peace, tolerance and social justice.
In general, the latter have cooperated fully with the Tribunal.
The principal policy issues to be addressed included measures affecting the entry and operations of foreign investors; standards of treatment as applied to TNCs, notably issues of national treatment, MFN treatment, and fair and equitable treatment; broader concerns relating to measures dealing with the proper functioning of the market, including such issues as RBPs; and investment protection and the settlement of disputes.
Business Facilitation and Trade Efficiency
Statement of actuarial position of the Fund as at 31 December 1997
C. Home page design/United Nations materials made available by the Department of Public Information on the Internet
The Panel notes that several of these classifications relate to losses incurred by States in the exercise of their protective functions.
These groups had a right to be involved in the design of diversification programmes.
As a result, the contribution of transport to total greenhouse gases emissions has increased from 22 per cent in 1990 to 24 per cent in 1995.
15. The special nature of economic, social and cultural rights was very clearly expressed during the discussion of methods of implementing them.
8. Encourages those States that have not yet ratified the Convention to do so as soon as possible;
Concern was also voiced that the words “objectively verified and factually established” might be understood to imply that the Security Council should hold a full and formal inquiry into a situation before making a determination under Article 39 of the Charter, which would hamper its ability to respond to emerging crises in an effective and timely manner.
F. The silence of the innocent: the rights of
OAU participated as a full member in the programme’s steering committee.
See UNCTAD, op. cit., para. 42. 57. As a matter of principle, support programmes should be market-based and demand-driven, i.e. they should tap and build on the expertise, capabilities and resources available in the private sector and thus complement rather than duplicate them.
In many economies in transition, for example, where market mechanisms and business support services are relatively weak, the agency may have to assume a more important role, with outside help, if necessary, until private sector capabilities are developed.
Those expenditure items include commitments approved by the Controller for future financial periods in accordance with financial rule 110.6.
The return of refugees' or displaced persons' property
UNICEF also provided basic health kits to mobile teams in two districts (Dikhil, Ali Sabieh) and helped set up a new central vaccine cold room.
The Committee continued its consideration of this agenda item.
In the light of the pattern of regional implementation embodied in the Convention, it is proposed that this unit be headed by an officer at the D-1 level and have four regional components, respectively for Africa (P-5, P-4, two P-3), Asia (P-5, P-4,) Latin America and the Caribbean (P-5) and the Northern Mediterranean (P-4).
The Committee expresses its satisfaction that the new Criminal Code currently being drafted will contain no death penalty provisions, and welcomes Lithuania's intention to accede to the Second Optional Protocol in the near future.
Additionally, following the merging of the administrations of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation (Habitat) and UNEP on 1 January 1996, a joint working group was set up to undertake a comprehensive review of the procedure governing the recruitment of consultants (e.g., fees) and to improve the comparative evaluation, at the same time harmonizing the procedures of UNEP, Habitat and the United Nations Office at Nairobi.
(b) Exclusion of important social benefits such as pension, health insurance and life insurance in the establishment of General Service salary structures was against the spirit of the Flemming principle and resulted in overcompensation at some duty stations and undercompensation at others.
The specific functions listed for the investor country participants included: management and administration of the AIJ, financing of the monitoring costs, scientific monitoring, project management/transfer of know-how, and technical support.
The policy environment for NGOs and civil society varies enormously from country to country, which is a powerful determinant in influencing both the contribution and growth of the NGO sector.
THE UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING OPERATIONS
2. Expresses the hope for an accelerated return of displaced persons through the mechanism agreed upon by the parties in article XII of the Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements;13
In the first quarter of 1998, net public debt increased by 4 per cent to reach US$ 15 billion, of which 17 per cent was foreign debt (US$ 2.5 billion or about 16 per cent of GDP).
An account of the Committee’s discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.3/53/SR.33–41, 47 and 51).
3. The financial statements have been prepared, in all material aspects, in accordance with the United Nations System Accounting Standards, with due consideration given to the fact that the Office is self-financed, that is, its administrative expenditures are financed by the income it earns.
20. While the Secretariat agrees that a troop-contributing countries should be reimbursed for damages, the Working Group recommendation would require a detailed condition inspection of every equipment item at the port of departure, upon arrival and even at some transshipment points.
The estimates also cover rental costs of the Osijek workshop and office space in the region.
2. By a note verbale dated 6 February 1998, the Secretary-General drew the attention of all States to General Assembly resolution 52/155 and invited them to submit, pursuant to paragraph 4 of the resolution and by 1 August 1998, any comments and proposals which they might consider appropriate.
The Unit introduced detailed formal procedures to control all changes on the inventory database;
Recent examples suggest that incentive packages can be extravagant in the automobile and electronics industries.For examples, see UNCTAD, Incentives and Foreign Direct Investment (United Nations Publication, Sales No. E.96.II.A.6, 1996).
It is striking, in this regard, that of the 1,550 NGOs associated with the Department of Public Information, only 251 are based in developing countries.
It is proposed that this staffing be maintained for the operation of MONUA for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.
236. The Committee expresses its appreciation for the opportunity to resume its dialogue with the State party.
5. It was further recognized that the United Nations and the regional organizations possess various strengths and capabilities in the area of conflict prevention and that the focus should now be placed on how these organizations can work together to achieve greater complementarity as mutually reinforcing institutions, making use of their comparative advantages.
140. Working closely with United Nations agencies, international organizations, non-governmental organizations and companies, UNDP continued its support to the mine-action programmes in Angola, Cambodia and Mozambique, initially supported by the former Department for Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, and assumed responsibility for the Bosnia and Herzegovina programme.
“Since the Syrian Arab Republic permitted students from the Golan to enrol at its universities, the occupation authorities have been obstructing their travel by complicating the procedures for their passage through the crossing points, by threatening them with security files and, for the last two years, by preventing new students from attending those universities.
C. Environmental management standards as a tool 21-24 of environmental policy
5. To assist the Secretariat in planning the implementation of the staff separation programme, information is sought from Member States, as soon as possible, concerning their preferred financing option and the expected date of payment.
247. United Nations European Seminar and/or NGO Symposium on the Question of Palestine [General Assembly resolution 51/23]
Assist governments in establishing coordination mechanisms at the subregional level to promote more effective collaboration between all actors in the transit transport sector.
In the Great Lakes region immense sums have been spent on humanitarian relief in recent years, though this assistance is often perceived by countries in the region as having very little impact on the issues that lie at the heart of the problems there.
B. Administrative and financial arrangements for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme 35 9
The offices of President and Rapporteur shall normally be subject to rotation among the regional groups recognized by the practice of the United Nations.
Interactions with international and national non-governmental organizations has been a central objective and a crucial source of advice on field missions and other country visits undertaken by the Special Representative.
A peacekeeping deployment in such circumstances might even be counterproductive, side-tracking other efforts to take more forceful action or creating the erroneous impression that action is being taken to stop the conflict rather than merely mitigate its symptoms.
16. United Nations agencies and organizations continue to assist over 350,000 internally displaced people in Somalia, although the task is consistently disrupted by political instability and factional fighting in certain areas, which provoke renewed population movements.
35. Networking activities continued with INSTRAW focal points.
The General Assembly decides to defer consideration of agenda item 118, entitled "Joint Inspection Unit", to the third part of its resumed fifty-second session.
The general principles underlying regional cooperation, objectives related to amphetamine-type stimulants and to prevention and reduction of drug abuse, particularly among youth, the elaborations made on information and technology, and the focus on the United Nations International Drug Control Programme as the centre of expertise proposed in the revisions were supported.
I have the honour to transmit herewith, through you, for the information of the Security Council, the following details concerning the twenty-third regular session of the Governing Council of the United Nations Compensation Commission (UNCC), held at the Palais des Nations at Geneva on 16 and 17 December 1996.
States are encouraged to adopt constitutional provisions in this regard.
The Refugee Environmental Education Project, started jointly by UNESCO and UNHCR in 1996, remains active.
D. Broader participation in the Convention
In some cases, they were placed in detention at their parents’ request on various grounds, including behaviour which places the mother’s life at risk, damage to the father’s property, drug use and alcoholism.
Reported seizures rose from 217,000 units in 1990 to over 1.3 million in 1993 and 668,000 in 1994, reaching a new record total of more than 3 million units in 1995.
(c) Disseminate more systematic information on the ways and means used by criminal organizations for illicit trafficking in, and diversion of, precursors, with a view to adopting measures to prevent such illicit activities, in accordance with article 12, paragraph 12 (c), of the 1988 Convention;
4. In this connection, the Committee draws the attention of the Assembly to the reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 48/264 (A/52/856) and resolution 51/241 (A/52/855).
In this connection, the Secretary-General also submitted proposals on long-term financing arrangements for the Base which entailed prorating its cost among active peacekeeping operations, based on the percentage relationship of each mission’s budget to the overall total for all operations.
(ii) Crime, political transition and effective strategies ($55,000);
At 1455 hours a client militia mechanized patrol fired three shells directly at Majdal Zun from an area outside Jibbayn.
14. In other respects, it may be noted that the increasingly sophisticated technology involved in medicine, especially in hospitals, has had a dehumanizing effect.
Just as significantly, there is a risk that this information could be extracted under duress — for example, by threats against a solicitor's family.
12. In the 20 years of its existence, the programme has trained close to 500 officials from over 150 countries, a large number of whom are now in positions of responsibility in the field of disarmament within their own Governments.
Has high standards of honesty; professional and private activities are beyond reproach; ensures that no conflict exists or appears to exist between personal and professional interests and responsibilities to the international civil service; actions are congruent with what she/he says; keeps promises and honours commitments
The incidence of acute cases of hepatitis B (being some 10 times more infectious than HIV) has for long been considered to be an indirect indicator of the incidence of injecting drug use. More recently, the occurrence of hepatitis C among IDUs has attracted concern.
UN 3006 Amend the name in column (a2) to read:
In the United States, separate military and civil low-altitude meteorological satellites have been orbited and both are being used by the armed forces and are manufactured by the same company.
Guidelines on the engagement and use of consultants
It observes that the level of that protection has been further reinforced by the ratification of the two Optional Protocols to the Covenant.
Another step forward should now be taken by proclaiming that all gross and massive violations of human rights perpetrated on the orders of Governments, or sanctioned by them, constituted an international crime.
(b) Draft resolutions (A/52/L.54, L.55 and L.62)
53. In the case of the United Nations Investments Committee, the United Nations Staff Pension Committee, the Committee of Actuaries and the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, no specific reference was made in the enabling legislation to any special qualifications.
8. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Force against General Service posts, commensurate with the requirements of the Force;
This type of research might create two types of human being: the real one, if we can use such a term, and the clone, with all the consequences one may imagine.
In compliance with financial rule 303.1, the proposed expenditures have been grouped under programme costs and programme-support costs.
241. The situation of the system of the administration of juvenile justice, and in particular the lack of compatibility with articles 37 and 40 of the Convention, as well as other relevant standards such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty, is a matter of concern to the Committee.
2. By its resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997 on renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform, the General Assembly decided to examine the recommendation of the Secretary-General on initiating a review of the International Civil Service Commission, and, on the basis of information to be provided by the Secretary-General, requested the competent intergovernmental bodies to consider the modalities for such a review.2
15. On the treatment of cash assistance to Governments as direct expenditure contrary to provisions of the Financial Regulations and the Policy Manual on Accounts, the Administration has indicated that the issue will be discussed with the UNICEF Executive Board in 1999 after due consultation with the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
50. The Board was concerned that the Programme was unable to measure clearly the impact from the $23.5 million spent under these five projects.
Noting also that the Territory, similar to isolated communities with limited funds, continues to experience a lack of adequate medical facilities and other infrastructural requirements,
In 118 cases at ECLAC, the Board noted that the recommendation of the divisions was accepted without any further checking;
45. The Chairman drew the Commission’s attention to a letter from FICSA dated 25 February 1998 indicating that FICSA participants in the Working Group would be non-participating observers during the discussion of the agenda item relating to the consultative process.
* Following the adjournment of the 22nd meeting of the Second Committee.
The importance of national regulatory frameworks was noted, and some speakers argued that, in view of the high volatility of such flows, capital controls might be employed on a temporary basis but should be supported by appropriate policy adjustments.
In relation to the recommendation of the Committee to pay compensation, the State party notes that the law requires the fixation of the amount and the specification of the damages caused.
In the process of assessing country needs, UNFPA actively solicits and takes into account the inputs from the Fund’s country representatives.
As noted above, Iranian sources advise that nationally, 63 per cent of about 150,000 prisoners have been convicted of drug-related offences (see para. 30 above).
There were also a large number of items pending adjustment.
An important feature of publicly funded technology is that Governments can exercise a certain degree of influence over its generation and diffusion.
All welds subject to full stress level shall be inspected during the initial test by radiographic, ultrasonic, or another suitable non-destructive test method.
This estimate comprised a proposed maintenance budget of $10,220,700 gross ($9,744,500 net) and a one-time backlog clearance cost of $4,283,200 gross ($4,207,500 net).
The review made extensive recommendations to improve quality, analytical rigour and policy relevance.
The full cost of non-expendable equipment used for administrative purposes is charged to the UNFPA biennial budget in the year in which it is purchased.
They shall also take all possible steps to promote the expansion of their common information space.
12. The Foundation will make the decisions as to whether or not to proceed with approval of proposed projects or activities.
(b) Under item (b), an allocation of $120,000 for 12 work-months of general temporary assistance would allow to contribute to the sustainability of Debt Management and Financial Analysis System (DMFAS).
103. During the reporting period, the Department actively pursued its information campaign on human rights issues.
17. At its 7th meeting, on 13 October, following a statement by the representative of France (see A/C.4/53/SR.7), the Committee adopted, without objection, the draft resolution entitled “Question of New Caledonia”, contained in document A/53/23 (Part V), chapter IX, paragraph 33 (see para. 34, draft resolution II).
(l) In addition to the unaccompanied shipment entitlements under this rule, the cost of transporting a privately owned automobile to one of the duty stations designated for that purpose may be partially reimbursed under conditions established by the Secretary-General.
The annual assistance for 1998 amounts to date SKr 97 million.
7. The Legal Counsel noted that the Secretariat had received two sets of credentials for two different delegations to represent Afghanistan at the fifty-third session of the General Assembly:
Better guidance, precise instructions and more management training must be provided.
(a) $180,000 for 18 work-months of general temporary assistance to hire highly specialized information technology staff to work on the development of the new ASYCUDA module (transit transport module).
Moreover, the role of the government is not necessarily to provide the advisory, consultancy or technical assistance services, but rather to stimulate the private sector to take initiatives and to provide some financial support where necessary, leaving intermediaries to deliver the services.
4. Implementation of the results of the trade efficiency assessment 23 Boxes
Draft reports/resolutions on items 1,2,3,4 5 and 6
The States and the international community should combine their efforts so as to contain such activities by the establishment of legal standards capable of achieving that objective.
An examination of payments for rations indicated that discounts of more than $700,000 could have been received if payment had been made promptly.
C. Prevention of and sanctions for money-laundering 12 4
4. At the 30th meeting, on 2 November, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights made an introductory statement (see A/C.3/53/SR.30).
Effectively counteracting or preventing emergency situations in any country or region required policies and countermeasures that were fast, flexible, easy to adapt to new situations and both technically and conceptually commensurate with the ever-greater complexity of the evolving global drug problem.
Effective implementation of international instruments on human rights, including reporting obligations under international instruments on human rights
At 0000 hours an Israeli gunboat off Qulaylah fired bursts in various directions.
Implementation of General Assembly resolution 51/226
The Rapporteur of the Third Committee introduced the reports of the Third Committee on agenda items 102 to 112 and 12.
“The UN at your fingertips: questions and answers”, brochure released in English in August (French version available on United Nations website)
27. The Twelfth Joint United Nations/International Organization of Supreme Audit Institutions Seminar on Government Fraud, Corruption and Mismanagement was held at Vienna in October 1996.
The Committee also takes note of the difficulties caused by the fact that Lebanon has hosted a great number of refugees for several decades.
Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues
Waqf officials denied that any illegal construction was taking place under the Mount, stating that the work was part of routine repairs.
(d) A fully integrated career development system had not been developed as at June 1998;
Elements of this approach have recently been applied in the preparation of the directory of experts and institutions of small island developing States prepared by SU/TCDC, which includes information both on individual experts and institutional capacities in these countries.
It also encourages the State party to support rehabilitation programmes dealing with children victims of drug and substance abuse.
— the adequacy of the current legal provisions, and in particular the adequacy of the statutory criteria used in making decisions on public processions and open—air public meetings;
Offers by Member States of study and training facilities for inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories [93]
5. The issue of sources of international support measures for commodity diversification was debated in some detail.
This is also the case of the politician who, in his own interest or in that of his party, tries to cover up a financial scandal but cannot do so without the help of other persons whose action or inaction he purchases.
Item 6 of the provisional agendaE/CN.7/1997/1.
This practice, which may cease to be possible as the level of peacekeeping activities and the related assessments decline, has led to serious delays in the payment of reimbursements to troop and equipment providers.
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion of Part IV, sections 7 to 15.
The following report supplements the registration data for the United States Launches as of 30 June, 1996.
Concerned about unresolved cases of violent crimes, in particular the still unresolved murder of Bishop Gerardi, and human rights violations, the European Union calls upon the competent authorities of Guatemala to renew efforts to ensure a full investigation and bring those responsible to justice.
Furthermore, the European Union hopes that Algeria will engage United Nations human rights mechanisms in its cooperation with the international community.
8. Decides to continue consideration of this question during the main part of its fifty-fourth session.
Another 108 cases were transmitted during 1998 as urgent actions, as soon as the Working Group received the correspondents’ complaints.
In January 1997, assessment payments aggregated$405 million.
181. The Committee agreed that the duration of sessions for the Committee and its subsidiary bodies in 1999 would be on an exceptional basis for that year only, so that the savings resulting from the shortening of the sessions could be utilized for UNISPACE III.
NGOs are the clearest manifestation of what is referred to as “civil society”, that is, the sphere in which social movements organize themselves around objectives, constituencies and thematic interests.
4. The Fifth Committee then proceeded to elect by secret ballot two persons from the candidates proposed.
The land transfer programme, in particular, reflects a significant advance and can be considered close to completion owing to the active role played by the implementing agency, the Land Bank.
II. Emergency preparedness, response and relief operations
The cost estimates for international staff salaries are inclusive of a 10 per cent vacancy factor and are based on the proposed staffing table in annex IV.
The independent experts have recommended that that transfer of responsibilities be accompanied by a transitional support to be provided by a small team of contractors staff (see annex II, recommendation 6).
Common commitments have made the United States and the Russian Federation partners in developing the foundations of an international non-proliferation regime, including the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) safeguards, the Convention on Biological and Toxin Weapons and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
These common elements are summarized in the following paragraphs.
In view of the problems facing this section and the importance of the work being carried out the Committee recommends two additional posts (one P-4 and one P-3); in addition, the need for three P-3 posts should be met through redeployment from within the existing support account establishment throughout the Secretariat.
Pursuant to INCD decision 10/11, a draft annotated agenda for the first session of the Committee has been prepared and is contained in document ICCD/COP(1)/CST/1.
The Advisory Committee cautions, in this connection, that the compilation of annual summary reports into yet another voluminous document may contribute to unnecessary duplication of oversight reporting and, in fact, may exacerbate the “oversight indigestion” already experienced by Member States.
The complexity and scope of the tasks in Kosovo require coordinated and concerted efforts by all of the actors on the ground.
Annex III Cost estimates for the Civilian Police Support Group for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
The Government intends to enhance the status and role of women in development as it seeks to achieve a just and prosperous society.
UNDP would also buttress the GM to develop innovative ways to disseminate the information collected through effective targeting, packaging the information in forms that are usable, accessible and exploitable (e.g. CD-ROM, compendiums, newsletters, etc).
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation
(l) The Administration should review the entire process regarding write-off of non-expendable property, from the mission level to finalization at Headquarters, in order to reduce the extent of delay (para. 154);
47. The Special Rapporteur firmly believes that, as in the sale of a person, trafficking of a person reduces that person to the level of a commercial commodity and is therefore inherently condemnable, regardless of the ultimate purpose for which it is carried out.
Consequently, it integrates them by offering them a wealth of opportunities to act and to express themselves.
The Chairman of the Sixth Committee welcomed the President of the International Court of Justice, H.E. Judge Stephen Schwebel.
(c) Protection of global climate for present and future genera-tions of mankind (A/52/413)
In the case of the European Convention, the expression “State” does not include any legal entity of a State which is distinct therefrom and is capable of suing or being sued, even if that entity has been entrusted with public functions; the courts may not, however, entertain proceedings in respect of acts performed by the entity in the exercise of sovereign authority (acta jure imperii).
23. At the root of an effective funding modality lies strong political commitment arrived at in establishing a new partnership among Member States and with the executive heads.
According to information received by the Special Representative, Mr. Saeidzadeh had been arrested at his home by three plainclothes security officers who did not present a warrant and placed him in incommunicado detention. He was not provided with access to a lawyer or an opportunity to inform or meet with family members.
The lack of creation of jobs for women in growth sectors, including in the tourism industry, contributes to the high percentage of women migrating abroad in search of work.
Recalling the signing in Washington, D.C., on 13 September 1993 of the Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements by the Government of the state of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, A/48/486–S/26560, annex; see Official Records of the Security Council, Forty-eighth Year, Supplement for October, November and December 1993, document S/26560.
1. In accordance with rule 18 of the rules of procedure of the main Committees of the Trade and Development Board, the Commission shall elect a Chairman, five Vice-Chairmen and a Rapporteur from among the representatives of its members, taking into account the need to ensure equitable geographical distribution.
As a sovereign and independent State, the Republic of Cyprus takes what steps are needed to protect its territory from further Turkish aggression.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
Accordingly, one delegation, speaking on behalf of a large group, and other speakers encouraged the involvement of the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information in the Secretariat’s decision-making processes at the strategic level, in the belief that he had an extremely important role to play as principal strategist for United Nations communications policies.
Accordingly, there was a need for new approaches to ensure a more widespread and effective use of positive measures.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 51/155), A/53/287.
Member States approved my recommendation to create the post of Deputy Secretary-General; in the few short months that Louise Frechette of Canada has occupied this office, it has been demonstrated conclusively how critical it is in augmenting the leadership and management capacity of the Secretariat.
1 Note also the Declaration to Supplement the 1994 Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism, in the annex to General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996.
These resources have contributed, in no small measure, to addressing emerging needs and changing priorities.
Paragraph 26.1 In the last sentence, replace “Centre” with “Department”.
The Administration assured the Board that in future negotiations for office space lease agreements it would ensure that greater flexibility is afforded UNICEF to avoid unprotected long-term commitments and, where applicable, a termination clause would be included.
136. The Committee encourages the Government to implement special programmes for vulnerable groups of women in rural areas, including education and employment.
13. A proper macroeconomic environment was essential for successful vertical diversification in the food processing industry.
99. Violent confrontations with IDF troops broke out in a number of areas.
(g) Special session for the purpose of an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21: report of the Second Committee (Part VIII) (A/52/629/Add.7)
G. United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
314. Referring in particular to the fourth periodic report, the representative described it as an instrument of self-assessment and stocktaking.
18. Policy coherence can often be difficult to achieve at the enterprise level.
(e) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the review of the programme and administrative practices of the secretariat of the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO (A/51/933);
(d) Any communication made by an organization in accordance with article 15, paragraph 4 (c);
Therefore, in order to provide current, detailed information, the Special Rapporteur intends to submit a letter to the Commission on Human Rights after his September 1998 mission to the FRY.
Therefore, without prejudice to the aforementioned Indonesian position, the Permanent Mission of the Republic of Indonesia to the United Nations is compelled to set the record straight, as follows:
If this eventuality does occur, there should be disclosure of that fact in the notes to the financial statements, together with the reason why the enterprise’s management is unable to meet the commitment.
Equally, the effectiveness of measures taken to avoid regional variations in the provision of health-care services and medical supplies remains a cause of concern to the Committee.
10. The Advisory Committee notes, from paragraph 12 of the tenth progress report and paragraphs 50 to 54, annex I thereto, that a number of measures have been undertaken by the Secretariat to ensure that IMIS is fully year 2000 compliant and the work is expected to be completed during the second quarter of 1999.
Dry ports are now operational in several land-locked countries in Southern Africa and Latin America.
The representatives of Algeria and Cuba made statements.
In particular, it will be important to assess the value of UNDAF in harmonizing country programmes and promoting policy dialogue and consultation with all relevant development partners, and its capacity in providing a consistent United Nations response to an authoritative statement of national requirements.
AC changing system with leak detector for R134 A Engine compression test set
20. For its consideration of this item, the Commission had before it the following documentation:
This is the manifestation of condemnation and just claims by the world against Japan, which is not willing to leave behind its past of crime.
With regard to the experience of the member States of ASEAN and China in investment promotion, he proposed that efforts be made to identify impediments to investment flows to Africa, taking into account this experience.
B. Capacity-building in economic and social policy analysis in Africa through the networking of expertise (Economic Commission for Africa)
This is also designed to free HIPC countries from a seemingly endless sequence of debt rescheduling and refinancing arrangements, regardless of the soundness of the policies adopted by the debtor countries.
Acting Judge, Supreme Court of South Africa, 1995.
There will be a meeting of the Asian-African Legal Con-sultative Committee on Wednesday, 29 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 6.
160. Global implications of the year 2000 date conversion problem of computers (P.162).
3. Completion of a protocol or another legal instrument.
It not only tells that this decision was right but also that the country wants a focused leadership, which attends to national security needs.
It expressed the hope that the recent visit paid by Mr. Kofi Annan to the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya would lead to a resolution of the issue.
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity
I believe that just, peaceful and humane solutions can be found for the concerns related to the life of different nations and people living together.
The specialized agencies participate regularly in the Council’s discussions on issues of common concern.
A design approval may serve for the approval of smaller portable tanks made of materials of the same kind and thickness, by the same fabrication techniques and with identical supports, equivalent closures and other appurtenances.
At the time of the issuance of the report, for example, the Personnel Policies Division had three staff members and not four as stated in the report.
139. Another source of serious concern during the year was the danger to the personal safety of WFP staff members, many of whom served in war-affected situations.
55. The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) integrates microcredit into its programmes in countries where lack of access to small loans is identified as an obstacle to the improvement of the situation of women and children.
At 1515 hours Israeli forces fired two 81-mm shells and several 155-mm shells at areas around Qasr Ghandur and outlying areas of Yatar and Majdal Zun from their positions on Dabshah hill and at Tall Ya`qub.
63. Trade Points have to conform to UNCTAD’s rules and guidelines As specified in document TD/B/WG.2/7/Add.1 of October 1993.
The UNCHS (Habitat) technical cooperation programme is increasingly involving non-governmental organizations and community-based organizations in programme design and execution.
Price stability was equally important to consumers as they were assured that their manufacturing costs would not be undermined drastically by a violent upward swing in prices.
New jurisdictions that have enacted legislation based on the Model Law: Germany, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Lithuania and Oman;
16. On 26 and 27 May, the Advisory Committee met at The Hague with members of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, the Prosecutor and the Registrar.
The Council, by its resolution 1142 (1997) of 4 December 1997, decided to extend the mandate of the Force for a final period terminating on 31 August 1998, with the withdrawal of the military component immediately thereafter.
2. The Convention was opened for signature in New York on 1 March 1980 and, in accordance with its article 27, entered into force on 3 September 1981.
The Commission had already studied this issue in relation to the comparator; total compensation studies were part of its normal work programme.
9. In accordance with rule 94 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Fifth Committee then proceeded to a second ballot, which was restricted to the two candidates who had obtained the greatest number of votes, to fill the remaining vacancy.
14. Further notes with concern that some resources were redeployed to fund activities that had not been approved in the programme budget for the biennium 1996–1997, while a number of mandated programmes and activities, particularly in priority areas, were postponed, curtailed or cancelled;
It is the view of the Committee that there is a need for decisions to be taken so that foreseen activities can be carried out.
At 1700 hours Israeli forces fired two 120-mm mortar shells at Mazra`at Uqmata from their position in Ksarat al-Urush.
2. Net transfer of financial resources of net-debtor developing countries, 1987–1997
6. In order to provide more comprehensive data to Member States, the statistical reports contained in section I have been expanded to include, in addition to staff on appointments subject to geographical distribution, all Professional and higher-level staff with appointments of one year or more.
The atlas contains indicators on desertification at the local and national level. It identifies useful approaches to the struggle against desertification. It refers to the links between poverty, migration and security, and between desertification, loss of biodiversity, global warming and drinking—water resources.
Effective coordination of related initiatives undertaken by different offices and programmes within the system is paramount.
126. Financing and liquidation of the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia (P.129).
Items 7 and 8, on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action adopted by the General Assembly at its seventeenth special session and General Assembly resolutions on international drug control, seem to be the most appropriate items to merge with the item on general debate, under which policy matters will also be discussed.
This is a grave challenge to the United Nations Charter and to international justice.
Delays because of logistical considerations in the area of printing and publishing caused 23 per cent of the total postponements.
Indian Confederation of Indigenous and Tribal Peoples
Agenda item 56 (Launching of global negotiations on interna- tional economic cooperation for development)
The 8th meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultations of the Plenary on Agenda Item 157 (United Nations reform: measures and proposals) will be held on Wednesday, 29 October 1997, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 4, to continue the consid-eration of the actions contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950).
However, most of the calculations for emissions reductions were not described in adequate detail to allow for their replication.
Only the meetings of the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East were continuously held on an annual basis, with an exception of its 1995 meeting, which was postponed to 1996 owing to the special financial measures introduced by the Secretary-General (ST/SGB/278 of 14 September 1995).
51/168 Transit environment in the landlocked States in Central Asia and their transit developing neighbours
A comprehensive information base on mine casualties was made available in September 1998, through a joint project between the United Nations and a Croatian non-governmental organization.
(e) Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II): report of the Second Committee (Part VI) (A/52/628/Add.5);
One of these consultants and a staff member of the UNCTAD secretariat were in Mauritius in 1997, and a seminar was held with the parties concerned with competition policy and consumer protection to enable the consultant to gather as much information as possible.
Table 1 shows the use of retirees by type of engagement and table 2, a breakdown by category of engagement.
2. WHO – Executive Board, one hundred and third session
13. Furthermore, pursuant to its mandate as the lead agency in facilitating the implementation of international environmental law and its development into a cohesive and coherent body of law, UNEP has pursued a programme for the development and periodic review of environmental law for the 1990s known as the Montevideo Programme.
The Government of Sudan has not yet identified or apprehended the assailants.
5. Addressing the Committee on behalf of the Secretary-General, the Assistant Secretary-General and Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women noted that the progress achieved since the entry into force of the Convention should not be a cause for complacency.
Generally, Parties included enough information to provide a qualitative understanding of the key assumptions used to develop projections, especially for energy-related CO2 emissions, which constitute the bulk of total GHG emissions of reporting Parties.
The examples referred to above would, therefore, generally not qualify.
Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy
In order to ensure sustainability of the project, communities should be involved in choosing their water options and siting water points, contributing labour to installing water supply facilities, and establishing organizational and economic mechanisms for long-term maintenance.
The Task Force further recommended (2 (c)) that the President of UNEP’s Governing Council be invited to consult with the presidents of the conferences of the parties to selected conventions on arrangements for periodic joint meetings of representatives from those conventions so as to address cross-cutting issues arising from their work programmes and policy approaches.
Many children die from exhaustion, starvation or disease during the march or are murdered because they try to escape or cannot keep up.
The Committee recommended that the possibility of including a footnote in delayed documents explaining the reason for the delay should be studied.
This was not accepted by the Sessional Group.
In 1998, 1,273 terrorist acts have been committed in the territory of Kosovo and Metohija, in which 140 persons were killed, 64 of them Albanians, 37 Serbs and Montenegrins, 3 Romanies and 36 unidentified persons, while 59 persons were gravely and 56 lightly wounded.
2. Requests also that NGOs give further consideration to institutional mechanisms for reinforcing partnerships, north—south partnerships, relationships with multilateral agencies, research institutions and funding mechanisms, and partnerships at the community level, which draw on local knowledge and experience, gender issues in partnership building and other critical issues in the implementation of the CCD.
193. Recommendations were made on strategic management, monitoring of standards and norms, registration of Web site users, training in the use of the United Nations Crime and Justice Information Network and related tools, traditional publications, a public information strategy, executing agency status, fund-raising for operational activities, the contribution of the regional commissions and work with partners in the Network.
265. On 24 May, Yerushalaim Shelanu (Our Jerusalem) activists gathered at Orient House, insisting on flying the Israeli flag there.
With regard to article 14 of the Covenant, the Committee is concerned that, although there are new provisions aimed at ensuring the independence of the judiciary, District Court judges must still undergo a review by the executive after five years of service in order to secure permanent appointment.
In 1988, Armenia began a new stage of its occupation policy against Azerbaijan, with an obvious help of its supporters.
203. Furthermore, the Subcommittee on the Safety of Navigation approved two mandatory ship reporting systems to protect a particular species of whale, one off the north-eastern coast and the other off the south-eastern coast of the United States.
3. Relationship with non-governmental organizations
Information and data were principally drawn from five sources, namely, documents prepared by national officials and specialists; in-depth discussions with counterparts; site visits to critical locations in and around the city of Semipalatinsk and Kurchatov town; interviews with the affected population; and exchange of views within the mission.
C. Technical briefings for experts of human rights treaty bodies
20. The Statistics Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, with support from the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), initiated the dissemination of gender statistics in user-oriented formats and in a timely manner.
51/176 Implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development
Moreover, a levy is applied to take account of added sugar contained in certain processed products.
These briefings are the main source of latest information on the Organization.
They also violate various relevant resolutions of the Security Council, the General Assembly and other organs of the United Nations that prohibit any attempts to alter the character, demographic composition and status of the Holy City of Jerusalem.
An elaboration of the implications of article 4 of the Convention;
(c) ILO wishes to respond to the United Nations initiative for the Great Lakes region.
ILO has discharged this obligation, having already submitted to IDB, OAS and the respective Ministries of Labour the reports on programmes to improve employment and income in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Costa Rica, Jamaica, Mexico and Peru.
construction in progress and Integrated Management Information System: statement of income and balances as at 31 December 1997 . 144 -vii-
Annexes I. Revised cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998
At the regional level, however, it was developing Asia which represented the most important market for the developing economies, bigger even than the markets of Japan, the United States or the European Union, each of which in comparison purchased fewer goods in developing countries in 1995.
The remaining two claims in the first instalment (the “Kuwaiti Claims”) were submitted by Kuwait University and the Kuwait Ministry of Foreign Affairs (the “Kuwaiti Claimants”).
21. The Committee also acknowledges the view of the Special Rapporteur appointed by the International Law Commission that objections by States are not only a means of exerting pressure on reserving States, but also serve as a useful guide for the assessment of the permissibility of a reservation by the Committee itself.
A number of measures to promote the use of renewable energy are in place, including subsidies of up to 30 per cent on initial investments, funded, to some extent, by revenues from carbon and energy taxes.
They also expressed support for the Secretary-General's recommendation that the Security Council should publicly identify arms merchants.
I trust that these suggestions will be given the careful examination and follow-up that is demanded by the tense situation in South Asia.
“(d) United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East;
In addition, cooperative banks are governed by the Members Bank Act of 1995 and housing cooperatives by the Housing Cooperatives Act of 1991.
IFAD is an active member of CGAP and has thus far committed over $1 billion in financial services and credit to the rural poor, which represents about one quarter of its total lending to date.
There are gaps in knowledge with regard to certain items such as the number of estimated daily abusers, treatment data and registered deaths.
The same day Rukiqi was arrested, he was tried and sentenced to the maximum 60 days in prison for “disturbing public order”.
Certain doubts still arise, however, in relation to gender issues.
Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance of the United Nations, including special eco-nomic assistance [20]:
No provision is made under this line item for the 11 trailers.
124. Financing of the activities arising from Security Council resolution 687 (1991)
Consumer cooperatives operating in only one prefecture are regulated by prefectural governments, the others by the Ministry.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
11. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and
But mark-ups and the persistence of profits usually vary over the business cycle, may be higher in dynamic markets, and may be due to individual firms’ continuous lead in efficiency; measurement of persistent profits is also difficult because of the inaccuracies of aggregation over different products and firms.
(ii) Through data collection and research works (a budget will be considered upon request).
The Committee continued its consideration of the item in closed session.
(f) A special effort to deal with the problems of the least developed countries, the weakest among the developing countries.
1. The following members and alternate members were accredited by the staff pension committees of the member organizations of the Fund, in accordance with the rules of procedure:
Esteemed fellow countrymen and people's deputies, you have seen from my address that I am willing to seek mutual understanding and cooperation with the Verkhovna Rada.
The new medium-term plan focuses on objectives and the means to achieve them rather than on detailed descriptions of activities and outputs.
He expected the Task Force to produce proposals further strengthening the Department’s capacity to serve the needs of countries and peoples.
As an urgent solution to control these movements, they used a database package and data transmission software to develop a working system similar to the one proposed by UNCTAD.
10. Communication spare parts and supplies.
10. The Advisory Committee was provided with the attached annex I, showing the original cost estimates (column 1) and the revised requirements (column 2), which reflect the adjustments as well as recent expenditure experience and consequential variances (column 3).
OIOS makes the following recommendations towards this end:
The certification of each project may be used for the purpose of compliance with the obligations of the Annex I countries by means of the mechanism of "greenhouse gas emission mitigation certificates".
620. While acknowledging the initiatives taken to promote awareness of the principles and provisions of the Convention, the Committee remains concerned at the insufficient measures taken to ensure that the principles and provisions are made widely known to children, parents, officials and professionals working with and for children.
c. Manuscripts prepared for typesetting and printing (in due course, repro-copied) of 140 volumes of the United Nations Treaty Series in the biennium;
D. United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Resolutions, decisions and agreed conclusions should be implemented and followed up fully by all relevant parts of the United Nations system.
It is not possible within the scope of this brief summary report to provide a detailed agenda for action.
2. Reiterates that criminal acts intended or calculated to provoke a state of terror in the general public, a group of persons or particular persons for political purposes are in any circumstances unjustifiable, whatever the considerations of a political, philosophical, ideological, racial, ethnic, religious or other nature that may be invoked to justify them;
It also considered the report of the Expert Meeting on Strengthening the Capacity and Expanding Exports of Developing Countries in the Services Sector: Health Services (TD/B/COM.1/7 and TD/B/COM.1/EM.1/3).
37. In its resolution 52/215 C of 22 December 1997, the General Assembly noted the intention of the Committee on Contributions to review all elements of the scale methodology, including the base period, conversion rates, low per capita income adjustment (including the issue of discontinuity) and annual recalculation, and requested the Committee to take into account the views expressed by Member States.
The final outcome of the Italian tax exemption application is still pending with the Italian authorities.
(b) Securing databases, information, maps etc. from satellite imagery on a timely basis in different areas and disciplines and making the information available, as needs arise, to the private and public sectors;
These offices will be a key element for UNU/INWEH in achieving financial self-sufficiency.
M. Smail Hellab, Conseiller, Ministère des affaires etrangères
The humanitarian implications of landmines are, however, still of enormous concern.
Accordingly, in order to strengthen the State’s capacity and duty to investigate the most serious crimes, the specialized courses provided for in the PNC training regime must begin as soon as possible.
The lists of speakers for the general debate, and all other items allocated to the Second Committee, are open for inscription.
Analytical bases 38. Modern trade theory has rapidly moved from a "static" to a "dynamic" conception of comparative advantages.
At its sixty-second session, Mrs. Cecilia Medina Quiroga submitted to the Committee a draft general comment on article 3 of the Covenant, revising and replacing general comment 4(3).
Statements were made by the representatives of San Marino and Senegal.
(c) Organization of the work of future sessions.
Demonstrators also burned Israeli and United States flags.
(c) Its policies adopted and its measures taken under Article 4 (see paragraphs 89-89.2);
The Commission requested its Chairman to decide, in accordance with the authority delegated to him by the Assembly in that regard and on the basis of the information received, whether special measures that would allow organizations to reimburse 75 per cent of actual expenses up to and not exceeding the maximum admissible expenditure level in force for the United States dollar/United States area needed to be introduced.
94. At its substantive session, the Council considered economic and environmental questions (agenda item 13) at its 39th, 40th and 45th to 47th meetings, on 23 and 29 to 31 July 1998.
He had the opportunity in these various localities to hold discussions not only with judges and Government commissioners but also with individuals in custody in police stations, convicted prisoners and persons held in preventive detention in the respective prisons.
By the end of the project period, it is expected that there will be no more opium production in the Dir district.
142. Concern was expressed about the emphasis placed on the issues of small arms and light weapons and on the proposed assistance to affected States in the consolidation of peace through “practical” disarmament measures.
With the signing, on 7 August 1987, of the agreement known as Esquipulas II (A/42/521-S/19085, annex), the Presidents of Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, Honduras and Nicaragua undertook to initiate processes of democratization and national dialogue in their countries, to bring about ceasefires and promote free and fair elections.
Contributions received for the same period amounted to $47,817,315, resulting in a shortfall of $6,442,008.
2. Projected resource availability and its utilization in the biennium 1998-1999
One of the criteria to be fulfilled is that an applicant non-governmental organization should be international in structure, which means that it should have members in more than one country.
Those general directions will be reflected in a new format of the Survey, namely, an annual volume of three issues.
The global network is expected to be completed following a Conference for the Indian Ocean countries, scheduled for September 1998.
For the developing countries, commodity exports amount to just over 40 per cent of the world total, with about one fifth accounted for Asia, 10 per cent by Latin America and somewhat more than 6 per cent by Africa.
15. To prevent a new war in south-eastern Europe and to prevent the violent disintegration of States in this region, the following is essential:
The remaining will be populated in conjunction with the implementation of payroll, and within the framework of human resources reform activities.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control (A/53/129-E/1998/58);
Such a mechanism would infringe on the judicial authority of the State and could conflict with a number of principles relating to the organization and independence of the judiciary within the State.
9. Add the following footnote to the end of article 6:
123. The Committee welcomed the development of digital technology, computerization and the Internet, and recommended that traditional media – print, radio and television – should continue to receive high priority to ensure outreach to all countries, in particular developing countries.
State Minister of Georgia: V. G. Lordkipanidze Prime Minister of Kazakhstan:
28.18 The overall purpose of the subprogramme, for which the Division for Development Policy Analysis is responsible, will be to assist the international community in identifying emerging challenges and addressing persistent problems in global development.
Statements were made by the representatives of France and Costa Rica.
Several international LEO communication satellite network development projects saw domestic industry participation in 1996 and 1997.
4.3 The Act of Public Employment reiterates the principles laid down in the Instrument of Government to the extent that when making appointments to administrative positions, the guiding factors shall be experience and competence.
The corridors are also expected to act as growth poles and a major initiative, the Maputo Development Corridor, was launched in 1996.
It has also been agreed that a roster of candidates should be developed, as well as a cadre of coordination support staff from members of the Inter-Agency Standing Committee to ensure consistency in field coordination mechanisms.
Moreover, since March 1998, daily radio news bulletins in English and French have been encoded into radio news files and posted together with the text on the United Nations home page on the Internet.
(k) Transfer and promotion of environmentally sound and safe technologies;
After approval by the Committee, the guidelines will be published as a practical field manual and will be made available to practitioners within and outside the United Nations system.
16. The Office of the Coordinator for Africa and the Least Developed Countries also participated in the OAU summit held in Ouagadougou in June 1998.
These activities contributed to the steady improvement in the casualty rate.
English Page 12. Looks forward to the comprehensive report of the Secretary-General on, inter alia, the implementation of action 3, to the General Assembly at the main part of its fifty-third session;
61. At its substantive session of 1995, the Committee on Conferences decided to consider on a biennial basis the means to ensure the improved coordination of conferences within the United Nations system.
4. Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s:
(c) Protection of global climate for present and future generations of mankind
18. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
The General Assembly, as recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 4 of its report (A/52/672), appointed the Comptroller and Auditor-General of the United Kingdom as a member of the United Nations Board of Auditors for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 July 1998.
Item 10. Elimination of racism and racial discrimination; Items 10 and 11 are to be discussed jointly.
(c) Identify and draw up an inventory of relevant bilateral and multilateral cooperation programmes and available financial resources in the form of a comprehensive database, incorporating information both from Parties and from various financial mechanisms, comprising:
126. Under the new coordinated system, the United Nations Office for Project Services (UNOPS) is maximizing its role as a service provider by implementing integrated mine-action and capacity-building programmes on behalf of the United Nations Mine Action Service, UNDP and other partners.
A main reason sited by many SMEs as to why they do not export is the lack of sufficient and appropriate international market intelligence (e.g. understanding of buyers needs, competitor strategies, pricing, marketing channels).
Trade in more lucrative chilled poultry meat is very small, but growing, and mainly confined to Japan; trade in frozen turkey parts is also rising.
A UNDP study shows that the prospective costs of compliance with ISO 14001 standards may be high for individual companies in developing countries, particularly if they have not got a formal management system in place, if they are not in compliance with the existing environmental regulations, and if they have to rely on the services of expensive consultancy firms.UNDP, op. cit..
Mainstreaming a gender perspective into all activities will be accorded priority”.
FCCC/AGBM/1996/MISC.2 Implementation of the Berlin Mandate.
PRINCIPLE 45. AREAS AFFECTED BY GUARANTEES OF NON-REPETITION
1. Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms [112 (b)]
In the mid-1990s, more reports of heroin seizures were also registered from central European and Asian CIS countries, rising from 13 countries reporting in 1993 to 18 in 1995.
44. The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development (D.44).
(a) An overall description of the status of the activities related to IMIS development and implementation, and a description of the programme of work over the next two years, accompanied by revised budget estimates as requested by the General Assembly;
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General submitted in pursuance of its resolutions 48/40 E, A/49/440. 48/40 H A/49/442. and 48/40 J A/49/443. of 10 December 1993 and 49/35 C of 9 December 1994, A/50/451.
Besides the "traditional" non-reciprocal trade regimes, a new generation of preferential agreements and integration groupings which are based on the principle of full reciprocity in market opening has become a major feature of the multilateral trading system.
6. Invites Parties and observers to provide comments in writing by 31 December 1997 to the Permanent Secretariat on the proposed methodology for impact indicators to be used in the informal process;
This trend is going to be strengthened by the declining protection given to the railways.
Letter dated 15 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Myanmar to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/C.3/53/8)
103. The General Assembly may wish to reaffirm that field-level committees, as called for in its resolutions 47/199 and 50/120 (para. 40), should aim to establish a better integration of the resident coordinator system activities with national efforts by enhancing policy dialogue with the host Government and other development partners.
- the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (1965) (article 5, paragraph (e)(iii));
Intergovernmental Working Group of 11-13 February Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting
Finally, the possibility has been raised of conducting two workshops on the topics, respectively, of options for private sector involvement in combatting desertification and relationships between climate change, biodiversity and desertification.
188. UNU and UNEP cooperation led to the successful bid for inclusion of UNU/PLEC into the GEF portfolio.
The Government of the United Kingdom acknowledges the importance of the subject and the future possible implications of considering legal issues in this area of aerospace objects, but regrets to inform the Secretary-General that the questionnaire is still under active discussion in both national and European contexts.
Item 3 - Examine and review existing agreements on investment and their development dimensions in pursuance of the mandate of paragraph 89 (b) of “A Partnership for Growth and Development”
Social development, including questions relating to the world social situation and to youth, ageing, disabled persons and family [102] (A/52/3*, A/52/56, A/52/57-E/1997/4, A/52/60-E/1997/6, A/52/80-E/1997/14, A/52/183, A/52/328, A/52/351, A/C.3/52/L.2, A/C.3/52/L.3, E/1997/103, E/1997/104)
Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development
192. The Committee notes with concern that, in the Czech Republic, prostitution and trafficking in women are approached exclusively in the context of combating organized crime.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Also offers Scan-a-Bid, an online version of the newspaper.
REVIEW OF DEVELOPMENTS PERTAINING TO THE PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS OF INDIGENOUS PEOPLE:
10. Most purchases of foreign exchange for peacekeeping operations, for which competitive bids are obtained, are made for reimbursing Member States for troop costs or contingent-owned equipment.
They have effectively disseminated information related to United Nations goals and programmes, publicized and gathered support for major campaigns carried out by the Organization, while at the same time transmitting the concerns and the views of various sectors of civil society to United Nations forums.
Consequently, all the organizations admitted to the first and second sessions have been invited to attend the third session, and the procedure for admission to the COP will apply to new applicants only.
277. The Committee expresses concern that the Matrimonial Property Amendment Bill and the De Facto Relationships (Property) Bill, introduced in Parliament in March, differentiate between the rights of married women in the division of property upon the death of a husband or following divorce, and the rights of women upon separation from a de facto partner.
The Fund does not have access to the personnel records maintained by its member organizations and is dependent on those organizations for the reporting of relevant data regarding the re-employment of UNJSPF retirees.
The possibility cannot be excluded that additional systems-related problems will surface and will need to be addressed, as is to be expected in a system the size and complexity of IMIS.
39. Irremovability, vital as a safeguard of the independence of the courts, must not become an impunity premium.
The Secretary-General was advised to continue to urge India and Pakistan to agree to negotiations in the Conference on Disarmament on a cut-off of fissile material and to encourage nuclear disarmament measures for the nuclear-weapon States, such as the de-alerting and demating of nuclear warheads and their delivery vehicles.
The Act contains two types of prohibition:
119. The Council had no documents before it under this question (item 13 (c)).
13. Encourages Non-Self-Governing Territories to take steps to establish and/or strengthen disaster preparedness and management institutions and policies;
On the other hand, several delegations were not certain that direct radio broadcasting by the United Nations on a global level was warranted.
Informal consultations There will be informal consultations on the General Assembly draft resolution on the implementation of the outcome of the World Social Summit today, 7 November 1997, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room A.
(ii) Collect information, analyse, assess and report on the impact of developments in science and technology and give advice on the possible utilization of such developments for the implementation of the Convention.
∙ United Nations Observer Mission in Angola (MONUA)
In this connection, the Committee recalls that, in its report of 19 October 1998 (A/53/513, para. 24), the Committee had requested the Board of Auditors, during the next audit cycle, to evaluate the effectiveness of the measures taken in the reform process by conducting a horizontal audit of procurement.
The interns work closely with the research fellows on projects and are expected to prepare at least one research paper of their own.
For this reason, the continued support of the international community for local non-governmental organizations will be vital.
Colour transparencies (slides) are $5 each.
It was only after this audit was conducted that the average time taken to recruit a new staff member (461 days) became known, although the frustration of managers with the time and effort needed to recruit a new staff member had been widespread in the United Nations for decades.
The fact that fluctuations occur as a result of external factors, including natural variability of weather and climate, does not mean that their related emissions are beyond control.
The duty of prosecuting and punishing crimes under international law rests primarily with the State on the territory of which the crimes were committed and in which the perpetrators can be apprehended.
(b) The number of official holidays at each duty station shall be ten days in each year, including those official holidays mandated by the General Assembly, which shall be observed at all duty stations.
Furthermore, a bookmark has been produced with a simple yet powerful message, “Landmines destroy life”, and it is being distributed through bookstores.
Promotion: As part of its promotional campaign, the Secretariat printed special CCD T-shirts, CCD posters and produced CCD pins.
Additional participants included one course developer from the existing TSC/Thailand and one participant from the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR).
2. In November 1996, the Council of Ministers of the European Union adopted a regulation and a joint action to protect the interests of natural or legal persons resident in the European Union against the extraterritorial effects of the Helms-Burton legislation which prohibit compliance with that legislation.
208. Security Council - Committee of Experts established by the Security Council at its 1506th meeting [1969]
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations
378. Belize has recently ratified the Convention for the Protection and Development of the Marine Environment of the Wider Caribbean Region (the Cartagena Convention) and the Protocol Concerning Cooperation in Combating Oil Spills in the Wider Caribbean Region, thus bringing the total number of Contracting Parties to 20.
Therefore, a family who decides to move from the three northern governorates to a governorate in the centre or the south will not be able to receive its food ration for six months.
At 1140 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 120-mm shells at Mazra`at Uqmata, Mlita hill and areas along the Nab` al-Tasah from their positions on Sujud hill.
The practice of refusing to sell may take the form of:
Among other provisions, the Assembly called upon the relevant organs, organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, in particular its funds and programmes and the regional commissions, as well as relevant international and regional financial institutions and donor agencies involved in the eradication of poverty, to explore including the microcredit approach in their programmes as a tool for the eradication of poverty.
Some experts stressed the need to further explore innovative approaches to financial mechanisms, such as national environmental funds, green investment funds quoted in international stock markets, and joint ventures on sustainable development projects.
Japan excluded FDI and looked for alternative ways of accessing foreign technology and know-how.
Between 1500 and 1700 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South, the Shuf and the Western Bekaa at various altitudes.
Efforts to ensure punctuality and full utilization of conference-servicing resources were continued by the Executive Board in 1997.
It is also expected that the Section will be required to conduct contingency planning for a number of proposed peacekeeping missions, as well as for the expansion/drawdown or liquidation of existing field missions.
The incident occurred when the reporter arrived in the neighbourhood to report on Palestinian children living near the Tel Rumeideh settlement comprised of seven families.
2. The purpose of the Working Party’s discussion, which was based on an informal draft presented by the UNCTAD secretariat, was to endorse the proposed revisions in order to provide a basis for the secretariat’s work in 1997 and for the evaluation of UNCTAD’s performance at the end of the biennium.
(c) Subscription to aviation publications ($500).
The issue that needed further study and clarification was whether such a right also existed with regard to the potential losses third States might incur as a result of the imposition of sanctions.
2.Apart from promoting investment through granting legal protection and guarantees, to what extent have BITs led to additional measures aimed at promoting investment flows between treaty countries?
PRINCIPLE 39. SCOPE OF THE RIGHT TO REPARATION
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under item 113 appear in the report of the Committee contained in document A/53/485.
The Chairman emphasized that negotiations would continue on the basis of the revised text under negotiation (FCCC/CP/1997/2).
32. Underlines the continued importance for the Department of Public Information of using traditional and mass media channels to disseminate information on the United Nations, and encourages the Department of Public Information to take full advantage of recent developments in information technologies, such as the Internet, to improve, in a cost-effective manner, the dissemination of information on the United Nations, taking into account the linguistic diversity of the Organization;
He noted that religious norms relating to women were dynamic and could not be put forward as a justification for discrimination or reservations to the Convention or other treaties.
(iv) Cooperation with selected regional and subregional organizations
Outside of official working hours, the emergency room is manned by an experienced qualified nurse.
At present, the activities of French cooperatives are regulated by general laws.
1. Recognizes that, in view of recent political developments, the time is now opportune for all the nuclear-weapon States to undertake effective disarmament measures with a view to the total elimination of these weapons with a specified framework of time;
9. The text of the resolution (A/AC.109/2129), adopted by the Special Committee at its 1499th meeting, on 11 August 1998, appears below in the form of a recommendation of the Special Committee to the General Assembly:
210. Greenpeace believed that the FAO draft plan of action to reduce seabird by-catch in longline fisheries had failed to address the main issue of excess fishing capacity.
The world became acquainted with the ideas and work of the greatest philosophers, scholars and statesmen.
Suspension of the payment of grants for the budget, pending implementation of a proper structural adjustment programme, has inevitably resulted in a further accumulation of domestic and external arrears.
97. The Committee noted with satisfaction the work of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee on the current stage of the multi-year work plan, on the topic of space debris mitigation measures and of its corresponding technical report for 1998 (A/AC.105/697, para. 99).
Welcoming the assistance extended to Non-Self-Governing Territories by certain specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Development Programme,
(b) The elaboration of practical means for the further development of the Register in order to increase transparency related to weapons of mass destruction, in particular nuclear weapons, and to transfers of equipment and technology directly related to the development and manufacture of such weapons;
(a) To establish and maintain a repository of data and information on illicit cultivation, and conduct assessments and analyses to provide Governments an independent, neutral, objective source for measuring the extent, causes and effects of illicit production, as well as the impact of alternative development interventions.
Encourages each treaty body to give careful consideration to the relevant conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies;
It provides for 3,000 kilometres per month at 12 kilometres per litre at a cost of 32 cents per litre.
Credit expansion to the private sector has been strong, although within programme limits.
5. The relationship between the United Nations and NGOs is not a new phenomenon.
34. The Round Table emphasized the need to involve diverse groups of young people in the development of programmes, youth-friendly services and communications materials.
That is why Serbia and Montenegro, along with Republika Srpska, are not only the cornerstones of national unity, but also the expression of the will of the people to gather together all of what historically, politically, economically, spiritually, ethnically, culturally and in every other respect cannot be separated and, in particular, not confronted.
(a) Adoption of the report of the fourth session;
120. The staffing level for the Investigations Section remained the same as in the previous reporting period.
Reaffirming also the territorial integrity of all States in the region, within their internationally recognized borders,
6. Provisional agenda for the fourth session of the Commission
Such an organization shall not exercise its right to vote if any of its member States exercises its right, and vice versa.
By its resolution 41/62 B of 3 December 1986, the Assembly increased the membership of the Committee to a maximum of 21 and invited China to become a member.
86. The system is responding to the guidance from the General Assembly and other intergovernmental bodies on issues of monitoring and evaluation in carrying out joint evaluations.
3.1.2 Internal organizational arrangements
Such clauses also preclude the granting of relief in respect of human rights violations.
According to the annual UNDCP Afghanistan opium poppy survey conducted during the 1995/96 growing season, the area under opium poppy cultivation was estimated to be in the range of 55,000-58,000 hectares, with an estimated corresponding yield of 2,200-2,300 tonnes of opium.
Financial performance of UNFCCC: Contributions and expenditures in 1996-1997, and forecast for the biennium 1996-1997
Between 19 July and 21 August 1997, a mission of the joint secretariat visited most regional economic communities to hold consultations on the implementation of the work plan.
- The services provided by the customers or suppliers;
52. The draft did not set the task of providing for concrete measures of responsibility and a mechanism for carrying them out.
20 General Abubakar stated, “Fellow Nigerians, we are living witnesses to past attempts made towards the attainment of democracy in our country.
In its occasional comments on the subject, the Government has until now simply declared that torture is banned by the Constitution.
In addition to its regular work, to also consider and recommend to the fifty-fourth session of the General Assembly:
Rapporteur: Mr. Bernard Tanoh-Boutchoué (Côte d’Ivoire)
51/12 Strengthening of the Regional Network of Research and Training Centres on Desertification Control in Asia and the Pacific
46. An increasing number of Governments have taken effective steps to prevent the diversion of precursors used in the illicit manufacture of drugs.
You will no doubt observe that our proposals uphold the principle of the equality of the two peoples on the island.
This service was not utilized by UNIFIL during the period from 1 January to 31 December 1997.
5. The justification provided in paragraph 4 of the second report (A/C.5/52/43) for the other three new gratis personnel in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations – an engineering officer, a mission planning officer and a duty officer – is that they were accepted in the context of the transitional measures required for the execution of the phasing-out plan of the Secretary-General (see A/52/710).
19. A payment scheme for the telephone system remains to be finalized.
Annex Forcible drafting of Koreans by the Japanese State was an enormous criminal kidnapping
The institutions of the present Charter shall contribute in their respective areas to the attainment of these objectives and respect for these principles.
Revision of Financial Regulations and Rules
Other areas of attention in the near future will include supporting selected regional cooperation arrangements through training on cross-cutting issues such as product and export diversification and trade finance.
There is more competition for Government-backed money.
54. UNCTAD - Expert-level Preparatory Meeting for the Third Review Conference on the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
* Actual and potential Parties include States and regional economic integration organizations that have ratified, acceded to, or signed the Convention as of June 1, 1997, as well as several potentially large contributors that have indicated their intention to accede.
As indicated in the statement of the First Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of Uganda, Eriya Kategaya, to the fifty-seventh ordinary session of the Council of Ministers of OAU, the sanctions focus on the following four aspects: a ban on arms; an embargo on imports of fuel except for a limited contingent allocated to humanitarian activities; a ban on commercial flights to and from Burundi; and a ban on exports.
The form of distribution of land ownership, for example of agricultural land, was for a long time one of the main criteria for understanding equity or inequity in a given society.
14. Acknowledges the desirability of comprehensive approaches by the international community, including comprehensive regional approaches, to the problems of refugees and displaced persons, and notes in this regard that capacity-building in countries of origin and countries of asylum can play an important role in addressing the root causes of refugee flows, in strengthening emergency preparedness and response, and in providing effective protection and achieving durable solutions;
Those measures had reduced estimated cash expenditure in the regular programme for 1997 from the budgeted level of $312 million to $262 million.
Between 1405 and 1455 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm shells at Mazra`at Umqata and the outskirts of Mlikh and at Jabal Sujud and Jabal Safi.
While restructuring and reinvigorating domestic output are essential to sustained growth and long-term development, external income and investment are needed to ensure rapid recovery and lay the foundation for sustained growth.
The material is also disseminated electronically and is available on the World Wide Web on the United Nations home page in English, French and Spanish.
Having considered the item entitled “Activities of foreign economic and other interests which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories”,
As a result of this strategy, 11 new private hospitals have started operations, most of them benefiting from state-of-the-art technology, including computerized links with prestigious health centres in Europe and North America.
82. Technical assistance was provided to a number of countries, including Albania, Jordan, Lebanon, South Africa and Viet Nam, as well as the occupied Arab territories, to help to develop public employment services.
Subsequently, Burundi, Djibouti, El Salvador, Equatorial Guinea, Haiti, Nepal, Sierra Leone, Slovakia, Tunisia and Ukraine joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
67. The Iranian tendency towards violence does not facilitate – nor does the frequent use of national security as a basis for derogating from basic rights of the individual – the mutual respect that is inherent in a tolerant society.
The meeting was held in New York on 3 October 1997, under the auspices of the United Nations.
Expressing its appreciation for the substantial voluntary contributions made to the Observation Mission by the Government of Kuwait and the contributions of other Governments,
Review of the working methods of the Commission on Human Settlements
That being the case, the Committee is not in a position to evaluate the statistics referred to in the report of the Secretary-General.
The Claimant also asserts that four apartments that it maintained for its diplomats were looted during the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait.
Emphasizing that full respect for all human rights and the fundamental freedoms is necessary for lasting progress towards the realization of the right to development,
Economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean (Part V, section 19)
(c) Drug users who commit offences such as theft in order to support their drug habit;
45. The Procurement Division (formerly the Purchase and Transportation Service) at Headquarters indicated that local procurement was not its responsibility and that it maintained data only for cases received from the requisitioning offices.
In the end, an Orient House guard came out and pushed the demonstrators away.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Second Committee in paragraph 6 of Part VII of its report (A/52/629/Add.6) (resolution 52/202).
Monitor and analyse information on illicit drug abuse and drug prevention worldwide: countering money-laundering.
A drawing competition on human rights was launched for children from 3 to 14 years.
(c) Any decision on important questions of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and other matters related to the Council shall be made by a two-thirds majority of the members present and voting, as prescribed in Article 18, paragraph 2, of the Charter.
In addition, staff rule 112.3 on financial responsibility may be imposed.
He also expressed the hope that the secretariat would be able in the future to extend technical assistance to all States, and especially least developed countries, taking into account their specific situation and in accordance with their needs.
5. At the 42nd meeting, on 1 December, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Burak Özügergin (Turkey), introduced a draft resolution entitled “Renewal of the dialogue on strengthening international economic cooperation for development through partnership” (A/C.2/53/L.49), which he submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.36, and orally corrected it by replacing the words “a panel” by the word “panels” in the third preambular paragraph.
The report of that meeting was presented to the General Assembly at its thirty-ninth session (A/39/484, annex).
38. Oceans and the law of the sea (item 38):
It is also concerned that not enough is being done to assist these women through socio-economic and health programmes and that preventive measures and re-socialization efforts are aimed principally at prostitutes and do not address male clients.
The Governments of Jordan and the Syrian Arab Republic provided the Agency’s annual requirements of hepatitis B vaccine in the framework of ongoing arrangements.
As in the previous mandate, the Special Representative will also be required to travel between the mission area and Headquarters for meetings and consultations.
32. The necessity of developing objective and transparent criteria for the granting of recognition awards and a mechanism for selecting recipients was also noted.
(b) Post adjustment increases at the base were confined to New York, and were not automatically passed on to other duty stations.
Issuance of a larger imprest to sector level in field missions (about $5,000), to use for day-to-day requirements; guidelines on its use to be used
37. The Board reviewed purchases carried out by UNITAR staff for the period from May 1997 to November 1997.
Fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
44. The representative of Bulgaria said that his delegation supported the main ideas and the constructive proposals contained in document TD/B/COM.3/2.
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
As stated in my previous letters, such unauthorized intrusions into the Nicosia flight information region and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus are in violation of international air traffic rules and, at the same time, they are in contravention of the provisions of Security Council resolutions on Cyprus which state that such overflights increase tension on the island and undermine efforts towards achieving a final settlement.
2. All expenditures related to Habitat II charged to the Foundation were reversed to Habitat II pursuant to the recommendation of the Office of Internal Oversight Services internal auditors.
However, in the case of staff serving at headquarters duty stations or other duty stations classified in the same category for the purpose of this rule, three previous assignments shall be required, of which at least two must have been at duty stations classified at hardship levels established by the Secretary-General.
The independence of the members is underlined by articles 28 and 38 of the Covenant and, consequently, they are not accountable to their State, but are accountable only to the Committee and their own conscience.
6. At its 880th meeting, on 16 October 1996, the Board took note of the report of the Joint Advisory Group on the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO on its twenty-ninth session (ITC/AG(XXIX)/157).
Falling GNP and population growth have reduced per capita income by about one third to an estimated US$ 1,600.
A breakdown of these charges is shown in the following table.
The System-Wide Action Plan, an action-oriented presentation of the mandates and activities of the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in the field of drug abuse control, was established in 1990.
16. The General Assembly had requested the Secretary-General to organize regional workshops and seminars.
5.6 Context for establishing effective relationships with other entities
4. The draft resolution proposed by the Chairman was adopted without a vote.
The European Union welcomes the recommendations of the Panel to reduce the excessive and destabilizing accumulation and transfer of small arms and light weapons in specific regions of the world where such accumulations and transfers have already taken place.
In the Balkans, weakened judiciary and law enforcement agencies were facing strong pressure from criminal groups seeking to exploit the post-conflict situation by re-establishing drug trafficking routes, thereby maintaining the flow of illicit drugs from source countries in south-west Asia to markets in western Europe.
At its 1st meeting, on 25 March, the Chairman stated that services would be available from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. on the days allotted to the SBI.
8.3 The focus of the microeconomic and social policy analysis work was on the follow-up to the 1995 World Summit for Social Development and on the role of markets and microeconomic aspects of development.
In addition, the Section arranges the deployment and repatriation of international staff, civilian police and military observers to peacekeeping and other missions.
- The Global Environment Facility: UNDP would use its experience as a GEF implementing agency to mobilize resources for dryland activities in accordance with the provisions of the CCD;
1. The item entitled “Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country” was included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly pursuant to Assembly resolution 52/159 of 15 December 1997.
Other interested parties [, such as members of the Bureau of the General Assembly,] could be invited to participate.
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops
F. Resolution 15/6: Urban and housing performance indicators
Noting with concern that those arrears remain unpaid despite repeated appeals to the Government of the United States by the Industrial Development Board, the Programme and Budget Committee and the Director-General of UNIDO,
During the last few months, we have seen the positive effects which the peace process has already had on Guatemalan society, and have measured how far we have yet to go in order for the peace agenda to become a truly national project.
The Board decided to approve the convening of the four meetings stipulated in document TD/B/44/L.2/Rev.1.
Also, the United Nations Commission on Human Rights has called on States which have not yet abolished capital punishment to consider suspending executions with a view to the eventual abolition of the penalty.
The Committee also notes with great concern the increase in the categories of crimes punishable by the death penalty, pursuant to Revolutionary Command Council Decrees No. 13 of 1992, No. 9 of 1993, Nos. 86, 95, 179 and 118 of 1994, and No. 16 of 1995, and that the new categories include non-violent and economic infringements.
83. The Board examined the interim adjustment used for each of the Headquarters duty stations and the salary movements from successive surveys at Geneva, London, Montreal, New York, Paris, Rome and Vienna.
Settlers were allowed to carry arms while Arabs were not allowed to carry even penknives.
42. The re-establishment of public security is an essential step:
In the light of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action of 1993, the Committee encourages the State party to review its reservation to article 7, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
13. Cocaine abuse was reported by 51 countries and the number of abusers estimated at 10.9 million.
In explanation of vote after the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United States and Albania.
(i) Operative paragraph 4 (b) would be moved and renumbered 4 (e).
This does not, however, relieve other entities from obligations in this regard, in particular Occupying Powers, international financial and other institutions or organizations, transnational corporations and individual third parties, including public and private landlords or landowners.
Provision is made for freight charges for 16 additional refrigerators at the rate of 25 per cent ($2,800).
On this basis, the Latin American and Caribbean Group expected practical and realistic conclusions from the Commission, which would lead to concrete measures to strengthen investment, technology and competition policies in member countries.
4. Notes that the United Nations, the Convention secretariat and the Government of Germany signed a headquarters agreement on 18 August 1998, which will be before the Conference of the Parties at its second session for adoption, subject to ratification by the German Parliament;
. exclusively oriented towards issues of finance (including for the transfer of technology);
The potential favourable impact on trade expansion and diversification, the importance of constraints on the market access and supply sides, and the potential risks associated with such commerce would be major areas for analysis.
The additional requirements are due for the most part to outstanding claims from Governments for goods supplied and services rendered to UNTAC.
REPORT OF THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BOARD ON THE WORK OF ITS RESUMED EIGHTEENTH SESSION
18. Resources requested for 27 additional posts for the Office of the Prosecutor (19 for the Prosecution Division and 8 for the Investigation Division) amount to $457,700 for the additional trial, preparatory and investigation teams in 1998 (ibid., para. 16).
228. The Committee recommended that the Programme be fully involved in and operate within the United Nations Development Assistance Framework.
Most States of the European Community based their primary prevention strategies on the promotion of a healthy lifestyle.
(e) Establishing design and performance goals for adaptation technology; and
Poverty eradication is currently the number one goal within UNDP's overall assistance and central mission.
Information, education and communication (IEC) and advocacy are the two major types of UNFPA-supported communication operations at the country level, and they are fully integrated in all programmes.
The significant growth that has taken place in inter-firm alliances is particularly notable in the area of information technology (IT).
(f) Expediting donor disbursements so that the Palestinian Development Plan, 1998–2000 prepared by the Palestinian Authority may be implemented.
In this connection, it was suggested that, in accordance with rule 107.1 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget and Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation, evaluation standards and analysis should utilize performance indicators that would make it possible to conduct an in-depth analysis of whether Secretariat implementation of programmes is efficient and having the desired effects.
The training guide for law enforcement officers engaged in the prevention of illicit drug-trafficking by sea, which was referred to by the General Assembly, was developed at two meetings of experts on maritime drug law enforcement training held in October 1996 and January 1997, and was tested at the UNDCP Asia-Pacific Training Seminar on Maritime Drug Law Enforcement in October 1997.
10. During the cold war the ideological confrontation between East and West placed a premium on maintaining order and stability among friendly States and allies, though super-Power rivalries in Angola and elsewhere also fuelled some of Africa’s longest and most deadly conflicts.
The success of the struggle against impunity largely depends on the way in which this trial is conducted.
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia has extended 18 written invitations, and its representatives are still waiting for the negotiating team of the leaders of the Albanian national minority to show up at the negotiating table.
21. Reiterates its call to bring to justice the perpetrators of rape, notably where it was used as a weapon of war, and for adequate assistance and protection for victims of rape and the witnesses thereto;
The reports submitted by the Special Rapporteur have referred repeatedly to the intervention of mercenary forces which became involved in armed conflicts, inter-ethnic confrontations and power struggles, at the same time perpetrating ferocious, highly destructive acts of violence.
A national climate change commission was set up in November 1996.
Member of the Observatoire de la Démocratie et des Droits de d'Homme (Observatory for Democracy and Human Rights).
Objection made by the Government of Austria to reservations made by the Government of Lebanon
(j) Note by the Secretariat transmitting information on the resource mobilization strategy for the United Nations Children’s Fund (E/1998/70);
United Nations Environment Programme/United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat)/ United Nations Office at Nairobi
Detailed information on contributions to the trust funds is provided in annex VII:
COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED NATIONS AND THE ORGANIZATION FOR SECURITY
liabilities under article 26 of the Regulations
At 2240 hours Israeli forces fired three shells at areas of Jabal Sujud from their position in Ksarat al-Urush.
11. The implementation of the Uruguay Round Agreements was also revealing factors that would have a negative impact on development.
Measures to uphold the authority of the 1925 Geneva Protocol
Neighbouring States, inevitably affected by conflicts taking place within other States, may also have other significant interests, not all of them necessarily benign.
Table 2 provides ongoing matters under consideration.
Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations
Fisheries authorities could also cancel or suspend a high seas fishing permit where they had determined that the vessel in respect of which the permit had been granted had engaged in activities undermining the effectiveness of international conservation and management measures.
V. Financial statements for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
These include restrictive business practices, environmental standards, social responsibilities of investors and obligations for progressive liberalization.
PROVISIONAL AGENDA FOR THE SECOND SESSION OF THE COMMISSION
It remained for the General Assembly to decide on the matter.
For types of large packagings which are intended to be lifted from the top and fitted with means of lifting, as a design type test.
The overexpenditure was mainly owing to the need for contractors’ services for developing reports.
(a) Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations;
Two Turkish military aircraft RF-4 entered the northern Nicosia flight information region in violation of international air traffic regulations and of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus flying over the area of Kormakiti and the cape of Apostle Andreas, returning then to the Ankara flight information region.
B-5. Expenditures on grant-financed development activities of the United Nations system, by sector, 1997
“Notes that the Advisory Committee intends to report in September 1998, having completed its detailed post-by-post justification on the basis of the information provided, on the workload of all posts, in accordance with resolutions 51/243 and 51/239 A, and would welcome its advice, as well as that of the Secretary-General, on the structure of those departments dealing with backstopping of peacekeeping operations, including issues of coordination and overlap”.
A high-impact programme for 10 African least developed countries has been already proposed for consideration under the programme for the Alliance for Africa’s Industrialization.
Gravely concerned at the extent of the insecurity and banditry linked to the illicit circulation of small arms in Mali and the other affected States of the Saharo-Sahelian subregion,
Forest covers 46 per cent of the land, and figures provided to the team revealed a net annual sequestration equivalent to 15 megatonnes CO2.
(q) Reports of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/53/417 and A/53/691).
18. UNFIP shall be responsible for monitoring and reporting to the Foundation on the progress of projects and activities funded by the Foundation, including the use and application of grants received from the Foundation in regard to such projects and activities.
An informal presentation on the theme “The Enabling En-vironment for Private Sector Development in a Globalized World” by Mr. Jean-François Rischard, Vice-President and Head of the World Bank Network for Finance, Private Sector Deve-lopment and Infrastructure, will take place on Friday, 19 December 1997, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
Each Party included in Annex I to the Convention shall take fully into account the provisions contained in Article 4.8 in the implementation of policies and measures to achieve these Parties' QELROs.
I would appreciate it if the present letter could be circulated as an official document of the General Assembly, under items 10, 112 and 157 of the preliminary list, and of the Security Council.
It carried out its mandate with the formal consent and support of the authorities of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, in accordance with a memorandum of understanding signed on 28 October 1992.
“Disarmament measures alone will not bring about a world free from nuclear weapons.
These projects fall into four categories, three defined as long-term operational programmes such as energy efficiency, renewable energy and reducing the long-term costs of low greenhouse gas emitting technologies.
The project emphasizes active participation of the national constituents.
Thus, the capabilities of a logistics base and its links with a responsive field mission logistics system are key to the successful deployment of new peacekeeping missions, the sustainment of ongoing missions and the timely closure of missions no longer required.
(d) Monitoring the political effects of the agreed activities, and keeping under review, in consultation with the concerned programmes, funds and agencies, any adjustments which may be necessary.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for the audit opinion.
For the Joint Security Unit, provision is also made for rations based on the rate of $10 per soldier per day ($9 for food and $1 for bottled water) for 181 days ($434,400).
127. The Commission was informed about the discussions that took place in the Fifth Committee at the fiftieth and fifty-first sessions of the General Assembly on the issue of post adjustment at the base of the system, which had given rise to the above-mentioned request.
2. The main task of the Programme Commission shall be to help the Governing Council to define the nature of the operations of the Agency and the means of implementing its programme of work.
22. The Assistant Secretary of the Competition Policy Branch of the Australian Treasury presented a seminar on competition policy in Jakarta on 28—29 February 1996 at the invitation of the Indonesian Government.
The headings hereafter reflect the respective URF heading followed by the URF section number in brackets.
1 See FAO and Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea, International Fisheries Instruments with Index (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.98.V.11).
South Pacific Forum (General Assembly resolution 49/1)
1. Adopts the texts contained in the annexes to the present resolution;
By General Assembly resolution 51/64, UNDCP was requested:
The Board considered a draft decision submitted by the President (IDB.18/L.18) and adopted decision IDB.18/Dec.16 (see annex I).
Unliquidated obligations – United Nations International Drug Control Programme
A total of $1,197,100 gross ($1,185,800 net) was appropriated by the General Assembly for the same period.
Each Party included in Annex I shall, by 2005, have made demonstrable progress in achieving its commitments under this Article.
14. In its submission dated 28 May 1998, Colombia stated that it supported resolution 46/215 and also informed the Secretary-General that it had no vessels flying its flag that were engaged in this type of fishery.
According to the Administration, changes and enhancements continue to be made to the personal recovery system.
15. The Board will keep this matter under review.
For the period from 1 September 1998 to 30 June 1999, UNPREDEP will require the support of 200 person/months.
Programme 16: Economic development in Europe
1. (a) ... The closure [of the list of speakers] should be set at 18.00 hours on the day before the opening of agenda item 6 ...
1978-1984 Section member and Deputy Head of the section covering international criminal law.
It was important that the first regular session of the Board to be held in the wake of the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development should address some of the issues that were vital to Africa.
18 Shomron Municipal Environmental Association Report (no date), p. 5.
The Agency provided training in start-your-own-business techniques to the managing committees at four WPCs.
Frozen beef, on the other hand, accounts for about 70 per cent of trade in this category, but prices are much lower ($2,000 per ton) as much of it is used in further processed products (such as burgers) or sold to lower income consumers.
REPORT AND RECOMMENDATIONS MADE BY THE PANEL OF COMMISSIONERS CONCERNING PART ONE OF THE FIRST INSTALMENT OF CLAIMS BY GOVERNMENTS AND
It was stated that the item under consideration should be included in the agenda for the thirty-third session of the Subcommission, and UNDCP was requested to evaluate and continuously monitor progress on the effective implementation of the 1988 Convention by States of the region.
Additional requisitions for the services had been raised long after the expiration of the contract in order to pay the invoices submitted by the contractor.
The impact studies carried out in the context of the preparation of the present report indicate linkages in this respect.
Mr. Michael Parker Banton** United Kingdom of Great Britain 2002 and Northern Ireland
* Following the adjournment of the 43rd meeting of the Second Committee.
Some 43 per cent of the staff members currently serving at that duty station were above the maximum admissible expenditure level.
92. The Special Committee, noting the increasingly close and direct contact between United Nations peacekeeping personnel and local populations during peacekeeping operations, stresses the importance of participants in peacekeeping operations being given specific training, including gender-sensitive training, in managing those contacts.
Fighting continued for four days before the military intervened.
The team has also participated in workshops on reducing drug use and on assisting street children.
An attractive investment climate has been created in Kyrgyzstan, and a legislative base has been established which affords foreign investors the necessary guarantees and privileges.
Grand Cross and Special Gold Plaque of the National Order of San Lorenzo of Ecuador.
The Committee recalls that all payroll charges for international staff salaries are allotted to the Field Administration and Logistics Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (see A/52/860, para. 16).
(b) Any unexpended balances of appropriations in the construction fund are carried forward to the extent approved by the General Assembly into succeeding bienniums until the projects are completed.
The expenditures for the same period total $73,316,200 gross ($70,713,000 net).
Full member of the Instituto Hispano-Luso-Americano de Derecho Internacional
3. Use of information technologies to make transit arrangements more effective
3. The Office should identify the shortcomings of the present financial reports, establish the key information required and decide on the form and frequency of the reports (para. 72).
The President of the General Assembly usually consults with Member States prior to scheduling the consideration of the request by the Assembly.
(c) International contractual personnel —
4.2.2.8 Portable tanks shall not be offered for transport:
(b) INMARSAT charges estimated at a monthly rate of $16,500 ($191,400);
216. CCSBT indicated that the issue of shark conservation and management was related to CCSBT’s area of competence and was therefore being considered by its Ecologically Related Species Working Group.
Government Department for International Development (DFID), will give a presentation on the British Government’s White Paper “Eliminating World Poverty: A Challenge for the 21st Century” on Tuesday, 9 December 1997, at 3.30 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
To this end, the SBI, at its fifth session, recommended that “after dealing with the opening and organizational matters, COP 3 would immediately allocate the completion of decisions on the Berlin Mandate process to a sessional committee of the whole, open to all delegations” (FCCC/SBI/1997/6, para. 44 (c)(ii)).
The development of the system will require further resources, possibly including consultancy services, staff time, hardware acquisition and software development.
Joint Declaration by President of the Republic of Belarus A. G. Lukashenko and President of the Russian Federation B. N. Yeltsin
11. Practice of donors attaching conditions to special-purpose contributions.
* In its decision 1991/104, the Sub—Commission decided to concur with the view expressed by the Working Group on Communications that the procedure governed by Council resolution 1503 (XLVIII) could not be applied as a reparation or relief mechanism in respect of claims of compensation for human suffering or other losses which occurred during the Second World War.
Transport by other modes should also be prohibited except with special authorization by the competent authorities.
India's belligerency has assumed a chilling dimension with the threat of nuclear blackmail against Pakistan on Kashmir voiced by the Indian leadership.
UNCTAD/WTO cooperation is particularly focused on (i) analysis of the developmental implications of the Uruguay Round; (ii) trade-related development prospects of Africa; (iii) trade and environment issues; and (iv) assistance to countries acceding to the WTO.
Foreigners must also obtain the agreement of the relevant provincial ministry that their professional services are needed.
One delegation pointed to its dedication to implementing the Declaration of Alma Ata on Promoting Independent and Pluralistic Asian Media, adopted in 1992 at a seminar organized by Kazakhstan in cooperation with the United Nations and UNESCO.
"Reaffirming that the costs of the Force are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,
(b) The Committee should consider the possibility of drafting a general comment on disabled children;
Representation of women by region in the Secretariat
Instead, brokers forwarded a list of the companies contacted, copies of any declination letters and details of any bids received.
As indicated in the table, the implications of the projected growth in the size and scope of the Fund's operations on the future administrative requirements of the Fund's secretariat would depend on developments in its member organizations as regards the services and facilities they would provide the Fund in the future, in relation to the growing requirements of the Fund.
UNIDO participated in both the recent meetings of WAIPA and in the expert meeting on SMEs mentioned above.
Another five schools, 12 classrooms, two specialized rooms and four toilet blocks were under construction at mid-1998.
(b) Reduction of CO2 emissions from newly registered cars;
2. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.
Although the Mission had not yet entered into financial commitment, it was clear that the requisitions that had been cancelled were initially raised for goods and services that were not essential or urgently needed.
82. The Administration explained that troop-contributing countries were sometimes requested to deploy troops and deliver spare parts or equipment at short notice, hence letters of assist were issued after the goods or services had been supplied.
The means for reporting matters to OIOS were set out in an administrative instruction (ST/AI/397) also issued on 7 September 1994.
(f) For some United Nations organizations, services were provided free of charge by the United Nations offices at Geneva and Vienna, and there was no incentive for those organizations to moderate their demands on the services;
(a) Expresses its appreciation to the Commission for organizing seminars and briefing missions in Colombia, Cyprus, Ecuador, Greece, Malta, Peru, South Africa and the United Arab Emirates;
Indeed, the Secretary-General’s call for a reorientation of the communications and public information activities of the United Nations has also been my first concern since the day I joined the Organization.
Only two Parties (CHE, GBR) provided data on financial contributions to all of these institutions and programmes.
The Rapporteur of the Committee introduced the Committee’s Report (A/52/35).
The modest increase in resources will result in some increased national execution, which is the favoured execution modality in the region and amounts to $21.3 some 76 per cent of the total budget of $28.0 million by far the largest proportion of national execution in any region.
An account of the Committee’s discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.3/53/SR.3-6, 11 and 15).
In addition, part of the savings resulting from reduced expenditure should be reinvested in UNCTAD activities and in particular should be used to fund developing country experts.
The Legislative Assembly and the Assembly of People's Representatives appeal to all the parliaments and parliamentarians of the planet to support the convening and holding in Bishkek of a conference of international representatives on a peaceful settlement of the conflict in Afghanistan and to participate actively with a view to contributing to its success.
In accordance with that policy, permission and/or approval for drift-net fishing had not been given to any fishing vessel.
The Committee regrets that its repeated pleas for the allocation of the necessary staff for the effective performance of its functions, as required by article 36 of the Covenant, have gone unheeded and that instead of improvement there has been a continual deterioration of the situation.
The strategy was being implemented in the context of two five-year plans currently being executed by the secretariat of the Council and the Naif Arab Academy for Security Sciences.
118. The view was expressed that recommendation 17 might conflict with recommendation 15.
These further resolutions are Security Council resolution 665 (1990) of 25 August 1990, that includes a paragraph demanding the full and immediate implementation of the provisions laid down in resolution 661 (1990), and resolution 670 (1990) of 25 September 1990, that expands the sanctions to include all means of transport, including aircraft, and calls upon all States to detain any ships of Iraqi registry which enter their ports.
Nevertheless, some concerns regarding regional trade were raised in view of differences in size and economic development status among participating countries.
In connection with the follow-up to the Summit, the IPU Committee on Sustainable Development recommended that IPU urge Governments which participated in the Summit to “give proof of their political will, confirm progress and implement the recommendations awaiting action, as contained in the 1995 report of the Summit”.
Between 1925 and 1955 hours Israeli forces fired 15 155-mm artillery shells towards Iqlim al-Tuffah from their positions at Abu Qamhah and on Shurayfah hill.
In no case where a fee was charged did the Government provide supporting information to validate the expenditures incurred.
Reference was made, in that regard, to the proposal made by the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries that a trust fund be established to assist third States affected by the imposition of sanctions.
42. Development policies in SSA were for decades criticized for having an urban bias.
4. For some time now, the Latin American and Caribbean Group had been emphasizing the great importance it attached to the technical assistance provided by the UNCTAD secretariat.
2. Establishment of a surveillance list and an early warning system
The AGRHYMET Regional Centre is also one component of a satellite and ground data collection, management and analysis network, producing and disseminating information which embraces the nine member countries of CILSS.
(e) Health: UNICEF has successfully organized local immunization days in 46 towns in the Democratic Republic of the Congo and in Kinshasa, thus reaching more than two million children under the age of five.
Prior to 1968, there were withholdings for the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization in Palestine and the United Nations Field Service;
21. Based on the above exchange of correspondence, the United Kingdom made payments to 164 locally employed civilians in July 1995.
The chairpersons confirmed the support expressed at their previous meetings for the adoption of such a plan of action, but requested the Secretariat to take due account of a number of concerns that needed to be addressed and to revise the proposal in close cooperation with the chairperson of the tenth meeting.
Furthermore, initiatives on Africa should set clear implementation criteria and mechanisms so as to ensure that they are free from undue conditionalities.
UNDP has experience in the design, negotiation and management of a variety of funding modalities such as cost-sharing, parallel funding arrangements, Trust Fund mechanisms, Management Services Agreements (MSAs), Round Table processes, and other mechanisms which could be used to buttress the resource mobilization function of the GM.
8. However, upon inquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that $2 million in “savings” could be traceable to the reduction in the conference-servicing requirements of UNCTAD undertaken as a result of the ninth session.
398. The Committee also notes with appreciation that the Government of Mauritius has prepared and implemented the National Programme of Action for the Survival, Development and Protection of Children in response to the recommendations and goals enunciated in the Declaration and Plan of Action adopted by the World Summit for Children in September 1990.
Between 2035 and 2040 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm shells at areas along the Tasah Spring and parts of Jabal Sujud from their position at Ksarat al-Urush.
88. While there had been, in 1996, a reversal of a long-standing trend towards a higher volume of documentation, that had been due to a decline in the general level of activity in the Secretariat as a result of budgetary constraints.
Based on the findings of a 1997 Mine Clearance Policy Unit mission, United Nations agencies included a mine awareness project in the 1998 Consolidated Inter-Agency Appeal for the Sudan.
Furthermore, the development of missing railway links, where proven economically viable, should be encouraged.
68. Of particular concern, following the recent hostilities between Ethiopia and Eritrea, was the action of the Ethiopian Government to declare personae non gratae Ethiopian staff members of the United Nations common system working in Ethiopia who were of Eritrean origin.
It is impossible to say how many people were drafted by the time of defeat in 1945.” (“Chosen Jiho” 29 March 1990)
65. In the developing country context, the Grameen Bank of Bangladesh micro-credit model can be effective in reaching very poor groups in society.
Since 1996, a long-term ecosystem observatory has been functioning in 15 metres of water (with the appropriate acronym LEO-15) in the highly dynamic environment of offshore north-eastern United States.
4. Further follow-up to the agreed conclusions should be pursued in the light of the consideration and action under way within the United Nations system in these various areas, including at the current session of the General Assembly, the 1998 annual meetings of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank and in the World Trade Organization (WTO).
In addition to having a significant and escalating drug problem, the region also holds considerable potential for subregional, political, operational and other forms of international cooperation.
25. Commission on Human Rights – Working Group on Migrants and Human Rights [Economic and Social Council decision 1998/244]
I have the honour to bring to your attention the statement issued on 22 October 1998 by the President of the European Union concerning Guatemala (see annex).
They unanimously considered that it was essential to have a designated committee secretary servicing each Committee on a full-time basis for reasons of continuity, efficiency and expertise.
3. Accordingly, the Government of Ghana will continue to support Cuba against the unjustified economic blockade imposed by the United States of America.
A number of weaknesses remain in the automated databases available for monitoring and control purposes.
The second test launching, on 30 October 1997, was successful.
1. On 6 February 1998, the closing date of the eighteenth session of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, there were 161 States parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, which was adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 34/180 of 18 December 1979 and opened for signature, ratification and accession in New York in March 1980.
UNRWA continued to implement a wide range of health education activities aimed at promoting a healthy lifestyle and raising public awareness within the refugee community.
Invite WMO to continue its efforts to implement the GAW and to report on progress to future sessions of the SBSTA.FCCC/SBSTA/1997/8
According to an estimate of the United States Customs Service, it takes five United States customs officers three hours to search a single container thoroughly.P. B. Stares, "Global habit: the international drug problem and what to do about it", Brookings Institute draft, March 1995, p. 92.
The incident reportedly occurred when soldiers opened fire at a van with yellow licence plates which was carrying Palestinian labourers returning from work in Israel.
Welcoming the continuing role of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in the promotion and protection of human rights in Cambodia and her visit to Cambodia in January 1998,
As a result, the Commission has a more focused programme structure and has succeeded in building consensus around some of these programmes.
Food for vulnerable groups is also being provided by WFP for therapeutic purposes and as a safety net.
72. Formulating policies favourable to the development in rural and poor urban areas of health programmes, including safe water supply, sanitation, and waste disposal, taking into account the specific needs of young women and young men for a healthy environment;
The floor/ceiling mechanism would continue to be applied in order to protect their emoluments from the weakening/strengthening of the exchange rate.
As indicated in table 7 of annex I, there were seven support account posts in the Executive Office during the budget period 1997–1998.
An examination of payments for rations indicated that discounts of more than $700,000 could have been received if payment had been made promptly.
FINANCING OF THE UNITED NATIONS ANGOLA VERIFICATION MISSION
Budget of $3.3 million broken down as described in para. 45 and tables 1.1-1.4 of Annex II
(f) any agreement relating to the use or hire of the ship, whether contained in a charter party or otherwise;
Acute respiratory infections (ARI) continue to constitute a major cause of morbidity and mortality among children under five.
3. Pending the submission of the Secretary-General’s report referred to in the preceding paragraph and its consideration by the Security Council, the proposed budget for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 corresponds to the maintenance of the resources already in the mission area for the period ending 30 June 1998 (see A/52/730/Add.2), with the exclusion of two demining platoons, which are to be repatriated by 30 June 1998.
90. The Committee on Conferences took note of the report of the Secretary- General on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/206 C (A/52/291).
These denunciations have met with widespread public scepticism as well as criticism from opposition parties.
INFORMATION FURNISHED IN CONFORMITY WITH THE CONVENTION ON REGISTRATION OF OBJECTS LAUNCHED INTO OUTER SPACE
(b) Summary, arbitrary and extrajudicial executions.
Hence the idea of proposing basic principles, derived from a comparative analysis of past and present commissions' experience, without which commissions risk losing their credibility.
However, procedures for authorization can be long and cumbersome.
Nor did UNFPA assess the particular skills required, identify training needs or assess the impact of national execution on staff resources.
Two Parties (FIN, DEU) provided some examples of the expected greenhouse gas emission reductions associated with particular bilateral climate change related projects.
On 19 April 1998, between 0825 and 1250 hours, one C-130, two C-160, eight F-16 and four F-4 aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the Nicosia flight information region from a northern direction, violating the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the Cape of Apostle Andreas and exiting between 0920 and 1340 hours in a south-eastern direction.
The Government is continuing to guarantee the payment of debt obligations.
160. Landmines are exceptionally pernicious because they have the power to disrupt both long-term sustainable development and short-term delivery of humanitarian assistance.
(b) Discontinue the arrangement whereby the Fund's secretariat serves as the pension secretariat of the United Nations:
This means that proper legal and economic principles should be created for the development of private farms, on the one hand, and for restructuring and improving the vitality of collective farms, on the other, in line with market conditions and changes in the use of land.
In addition, a list of 44 priority changes to be developed and implemented in stages during the course of 1998 and at the beginning of 1999 were defined.
In Africa, the pattern of recent conflicts is even more complex.
73. Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session
In another development in Tzurif village near Hebron, a crowd of some 300 Palestinians protested against the arrest on 13 November of 2 wanted Hamas “terrorists” by IDF undercover troops.
10. The reports by the Chairmen of the informal consultations presented to the AGBM at the end of the seventh session are available in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1.
We acknowledge with appreciation the assistance given by UNCTAD to developing countries through its policy research and analysis and technical assistance and we invite UNCTAD to continue to provide such support, including assisting developing countries in formulating a positive agenda for future trade negotiations.
However, as they are securities, futures, like other derivatives, can be issued and traded in their own right and take on a life of their own which may become divorced from the underlying international trade and investment flows they were initially established to serve.
The present report provides a brief account of the Centre's ongoing and planned evaluation activities within the framework of this programme.
Impact on occupancy of conference rooms at the Palais des Nations
Owing to the pavement of roads at a lower cost.
They call, inter alia, for a revitalization of the strategic management and coordination role of the University Centre at Tokyo, a reinforcement of the institutional cohesion among its different outreach centres and programmes, a more coherent policy framework for programme development and implementation and the formulation and enforcement of common programme quality standards for all its components.
The United Nations Fund for International Partnerships has been established within the Secretariat to manage the process of grant allocation and ensure that it remains fully consistent with the Organization’s priorities.
No provision is made under this heading since the budget of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi will be presented separately to the General Assembly.
II. Report from the Chairman of the informal round table on proposals from Parties 10 English Page
The draft report was discussed with the Commission at a meeting held at Amman on 28 September 1998.
(d) Transfer of a new technology, including training, to local producers enabling them to produce and maintain the new product;
(g) Mapping of land use in Eastern Africa established from satellite data.
The Committee recommends that efforts be made to speed up the reduction in the civilian structure of the mission during the period from July to December 1998.
1. Notes that Tokelau remains firmly committed to the development of self-government and to an act of self-determination that would result in Tokelau assuming a status in accordance with the options on future status for Non-Self-Governing Territories contained in principle VI of the annex to General Assembly resolution 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960;
Since there are disparities among countries in terms of their capacity to access electronic information, special attention should be paid to the potential role of some essential links in the chain of communication: the United Nations information centres.
Wang Shaoqi (China), Director-General, International Cooperation Department, State Science and Technology Commission, China
32. Although Haiti has ratified the Convention on the Rights of the Child, it has yet to harmonize it with domestic law.
In 1996, Mercure was further modified, at no cost to the Organization, to carry Internet traffic.
Another major objective of the Decade is to further the implementation of the recommendations pertaining to indigenous people of all high-level international conferences, including the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and, the World Conference on Human Rights, in particular its recommendation that consideration be given to the establishment of a permanent forum for indigenous people in the United Nations system.
Concern was expressed about the lack of resources in view of the extensive mandates that the Programme had to carry out and the importance of priority-setting was pinpointed.
Today, the illegal Israeli municipality of Jerusalem gave the final approval to build a new Jewish settlement in the Ras al-Amud neighbourhood of occupied East Jerusalem.
1995/7 2000 World Population and Housing Census Programme
Association rules also considered it unethical for a physician to accept compensation that was inadequate in light of the usual fees in the community.
Possession, utilization and management of land and other natural resources are exercised by the owners freely, if it is not detrimental to the environment and does not violate the rights and lawful interests of other people.
The final report will be compiled under the authority of the Chairman after the conclusion of the Meeting.
The main objectives of the TSC programme are to strengthen the capabilities of local institutions (called course development units (CDUs)) to provide training and to do so within the framework of a network of participating institutions worldwide which share personnel and course material.
The secretariat was requested to prepare as quickly as possible the draft strategy for coherence between regular and extrabudgetary programmes and the rolling three-year plan for technical cooperation, for consideration and adoption by the Board early in 1997, on the basis of the comments of delegations and the proposals of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD.
In addition to its annual human rights training programme for non-governmental activist organizations in Montreal, it organizes training sessions in South-East Asia, Central and Eastern Europe and francophone Africa.
F. United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat)
Additionally, the Constitution fails to make reference to non-derogable rights.
However, there is a paucity of ex post facto studies quantifying the effects of enforcement.
At the end of the biennium it is anticipated that drug-control agencies will be better equipped, more effective and coordinated, and that cooperation at the subregional level between key drug-control institutions will have improved.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee and the Controller responded to questions posed.
1424. The final message of the discussion was that the time for talking was over. Now it was time for action.
Internationally, trade efficiency assessment would serve as a publicity tool advertising the improvement achieved by the country.
- Imposition of an obligation to resell at a minimum price;
35. The Office of Internal Oversight Services also wishes to point out that the current inclusion of the UNDP premises in Nepal under the foreign policy cover indicates that other common-system entities can benefit from the efficiencies of centralizing insurance administration and coverage.
265. On 3 November, police caught two 16-year-old Jewish youths when they tried to set fire to an Arab-owned olive grove near the Maaleh Levonah settlement in Samaria (West Bank).
Enlargement of the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations
In the Law Faculty, 10 professors have been suspended and in the Faculty for Philology, 30.
Although the Board was pleased to see that the various units and the Committee had made positive contributions towards improving the design of projects, it was concerned at the large number of projects that required revision.
The Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan consider the attainment of ecological security to be of major importance.
The Fund's mainframe applications are now fully operational in the ICC mainframe environment, and the response time and other performance metrics have been within agreed service limits.
Members of the Fifth Committee are reminded that the dead-line for the submission of candidatures to fill the vacant posts in subsidiary organs of the General Assembly under agenda item 17 (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) will be Monday, 20 October 1997.
In this context, developed country parties shall remove all restrictions on such transfers.
Based on the review by the World Health Organization (WHO) of overall health trends in the past 50 years, remarkable improvements in health have been due to socio-economic development, the wider provision of safe water, sanitation facilities and personal hygiene, and the establishment and expansion of national services.
9. Air freight: The ongoing efforts to bolster air freight pooling arrangements should be further reinforced.
Increased emphasis is being placed by the Committee on the assessment of combined – synergistic – effects of ionizing radiation and other genotoxic agents.
Participation shall cease when the organization by which the participant is employed ceases to be a member organization, or when he dies or separates from such member organization, except that participation shall not be deemed to have ceased where a participant resumes his contributory service with a member organization within [12] 36 months after separation without a benefit having been paid to him.
15 January-30 April 1992 (resolution 46/198 B)
The output of the regression analysis is a relationship describing the uncorrected fuel consumption as a function of the HDD index and the other relevant parameters.
Therefore, the next programme performance report should contain indicative figures on funds used under programmes that have been implemented.
Assistance in contractual matters is provided to the Chief of the project by the Procurement Division, and a clerk has been assigned to the project to assist in administrative matters.
The limits apply to the gross amount of the fee for service indicated in a special service agreement and to the gross amount of salary, less staff assessment, for retired staff who receive a letter of appointment.
The Forum commended recent work done by the South Pacific Regional Environment Programme in support of prior informed consent procedures in international negotiations and recommended that this continue.
Statements were made by the representative of the United States, Cyprus and France.
The Chief Inspector-General of the Haitian National Police, Me Eucher Luc Joseph has since submitted an evaluation of operations spanning the period from November 1995 to December 1997.
93. The adoption of constitutional amendments has become the central short-term aim of the peace process.
Moreover, it was generally felt that the Working Group should not be distracted from its current task, namely, the preparation of draft uniform rules on electronic signatures, as agreed by the Commission.
Inventory control of non-expendable property
Information on the General Assembly is available electronically on the Internet through the UN Home Page: http://www.un.org, select “About the UN”, select “Principal Organs of the UN” button and select “General Assembly” or access the General Assembly Home Page directly at http://www.un.org/docs/ga/gahome.htm.
Our perception then was that subscribing to the Treaty would severely limit India’s nuclear potential at an unacceptably low level.
The membership of the Investments Committee, established under article 20 of the Regulations, is given in annex XIII.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 98.
In the absence of documentation, the auditors were not able to verify:
301. On 29 December, it was reported that for the first time since 1994 a Palestinian from the Gaza Strip had been placed under administrative detention in a prison in Israel.
The review team feels, however, that it is possible to pursue several "no regrets" options that respond to economic and energy goals as well as climate ones without being inconsistent with the underlying principles adopted by the Russian Federation.
Arrears in payment now almost amounted to UNIDO’s budget for two years.
Science and technology at the Universidad Estadual de Campinas, Brazil (2);
B. Panel on “Building innovative SMEs in competitive markets -
53. International cooperation played a political and strategic role during the cold war.
In view of the critical safety considerations which affect all aspects of aviation activities, the Field Administration and Logistics Division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations is strongly of the view that the utmost priority must be given to the establishment of those posts.
The substance dealt with in the reports can be categorized as follows:
It involves a move from rehabilitation intervention to sustainable agricultural development.
The above consultative and procedural concepts are demonstrated in the flow chart contained in appendix IV.
Some 3,350 other Palestine refugees from the Gaza Strip remain displaced at and around Canada camp, which had been separated from Rafah with the restoration of the Israeli-Egyptian border in 1982.
3. Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
In Chad, where the abuse was reported to be on the increase, the annual prevalence was estimated at 0.13 per cent for 1995.
7. The Parties agreed to cooperate effectively and in good faith, both bilaterally and in the framework of regional and other relevant multilateral organizations, in the fight against the non-conventional threats to peace and stability: international terrorism, organized crime and corruption, illegal trafficking in drugs, art objects, arms and other prohibited substances and materials, counterfeiting and forgery, and unlawful immigration.
Requirements have been reduced in accordance with the drawdown of the mission.
The records are prepared by the Secretariat and are subject to correction by delegations.
Such mechanisms can play a vital role in systematically monitoring the status of children, evaluating progress achieved and difficulties hampering the realization of children's rights.
399. UNEP, in collaboration with SACEP, convened a workshop for South Asian countries on the implementation of environmental Conventions and relevant maritime Conventions.
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles
21. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of American States (P.21).
(b) Other substantive outputs (publications)
Note 3. Explanatory notes on assessed contributions receivable
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.
As an immediate measure the levels of income and expenditure in the proposed budget have been revised downwards as recommended by ACABQ and are presented in tables 2A, 3A, 5A and 6A on pages , , and of the current report.
Work programme of the Committee on Science and Technology
(a) Nationalities that do not have any difficulty in residing in France;
In particular, they noted that the number of African experts within two of the committees was entirely unsatisfactory.
The rights of most children involved in those population movements have not been properly addressed and safeguarded.
15.5 During 1996-1997, ESCAP conducted reviews of the thematic orientation of the intergovernmental structures and programmes of the Commission that were introduced in 1994.
UNDCP will involve other United Nations agencies in the implementation of several projects at both the subregional and national levels (for example, in the demand-reduction sector, cost-sharing with UNDP and ESCAP of subregional and regional projects, and involvement of the Joint Co-sponsored United Nations Programme on Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (HIV/AIDS) (UNAIDS) in Viet Nam).
Then we discussed "operational prevention", which encompasses the traditional forms of conflict prevention and "early warning".
The decisions reaffirmed the ecosystem approach and adopted programmes of work for marine and coastal biodiversity (decision IV/5), forest biodiversity (decision IV/7), the biodiversity of inland water ecosystems (decision IV/4) and agricultural biodiversity (decision III/11 and IV/6).
24. The Durban Declaration also welcomed the increasing international interest in the creation and strengthening of independent and pluralistic national institutions, particularly in Africa, and underlined the responsibilities of those institutions to promote human rights and provide effective redress when those rights are violated.
Recent surveys show that older persons are overrepresented in refugees groups.
Recalling the conclusion of negotiations on 18 September 1997 at Oslo on the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction See CD/1478. and the opening for signature of the Convention at Ottawa, on 3 and 4 December 1997, and thereafter at United Nations Headquarters in New York until its entry into force,
The unutilized amount of $7,800 was attributable to the utilization of existing inventory, thereby reducing requirements for purchases during the reporting period.
In recent years, the provisions of General Assembly resolutions dealing with national execution have focused primarily on the expansion of this approach by UNDP and UNFPA.
65. Under a standing mandate from the General Assembly, the Commission continued to review the relationship between the net remuneration of the United Nations staff in the Professional and higher categories in New York and that of the United States federal civil service employees in comparable positions in Washington, D.C. (hereinafter referred to as “the margin”).
48. Between 1 January and 1 November 1998, a total of 86,200 Afghan refugees returned voluntarily from Pakistan with assistance from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), with a further 1,600 returning from the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Principle 6: Guarantees of independence and impartiality
Additional requirements of $5,900 resulted from MINURSO's share ($8,000) in the purchase of a Varian Redundant TWT, HPA whose total cost was $71,700.
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase:
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.45
Item 139: Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium and the Civilian Police Support Group;
B. Observations of States parties on the Committee’s
No landings or transshipments would be permitted in Contracting Party ports unless such vessels could establish that certain species on board had not been caught in the NAFO regulatory area, and for certain other species that the vessel had applied the NAFO conservation and enforcement measures.
The Administration stated that the newspaper article had not come to its attention until some five days after the contract was signed;
76. Another option to reduce the traffickers' risk is the exploitation of commercial trade channels for contraband and it has often been suggested that increases in trade and tourism present a greater range of opportunity for smuggling drugs.
1. In May 1996, the Russian Federation launched the following space objects:
REPORT OF THE INTERNATIONAL ATOMIC ENERGY AGENCY
The message of the High Commissioner for Human Rights will be read by Dr. Purificación Quisumbing, Director, New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.
Between 1655 and 2100 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South at high altitudes.
These two sections always functioned with a very small staff, despite the Office’s manning table and the requirements of its mandate.
UNICEF programmes address the challenges of women’s empowerment by enhancing the capacity of women’s organizations and business associations to negotiate on economic issues, and by providing economic literacy materials to women.
Examples of these include technologies for increasing efficiency of water use, improved land-use planning, ecosystem and biodiversity protection, and monitoring, forecasting and early-warning systems.
79. As regards the need to ensure the availability and promotion of reproductive health services, African countries are integrating family planning counselling and services and safe motherhood initiatives into their primary health-care programmes.
15. The Working Group expressed its gratitude for the contributions made by Governments and non-governmental organizations to the Voluntary Fund for the International Decade.
49. The Board was pleased to see that all five projects had been subjected to at least one external evaluation during their lifetimes.
2. The past two years saw advancements in the consolidation of democracy as reflected in the process of democratic elections for president, vice-president and the National Assembly in October 1996.
At 0705 hours occupation forces fired shells at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr from their position at Abu Qamhah.
359. Mexico had enacted special laws and reformed the civil and criminal code for the Federal District in order to combat and punish domestic violence.
The State party is also encouraged to adopt appropriate policies to promote the rights of ethnic minorities and to ensure their equality in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
According to GEF figures, the funding from reporting Parties constitutes 63.89% of the total over the 1994-1996 period.
150. An audit in the Secretariat by the Audit and Management Consulting Division revealed irregular activities and transactions which were brought to the attention of the Investigations Section.
This would help recycle unused balances to current projects.
11. The list of candidates for judges of the Trial Chambers of the International Tribunal for Rwanda is as follows:
107. In the context of the missions to Rwanda in February and March 1998, planning meetings were organized at Kigali focusing on the formulation of appropriate strategies for assistance to victims/witnesses and the definition of priorities.
(a) Take note of the information on the actions taken by reporting Annex II Parties with respect to finance and transfer of technology, and take it into account in its further considerations regarding the development and transfer of technology;
30. ILO will continue to approach the issue of employment generation with particular reference to labour market information systems, employment and manpower policies, private sector development and employment services.
Rome's international airport is the Leonardo da Vinci at Fiumicino.
Annex V Communications received by States parties between 1 August 1997 and 1 August 1998
Recognizing the progress that has been made to date in implementing commitments under Article 4.1 of the Convention,
Welcoming the decision of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank to undertake a comprehensive review of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt Initiative as early as 1999,
1. Notes that the administering Power has taken note of various statements made by members of the Legislative Council of St. Helena about the Constitution and is prepared to discuss them further with the people of St. Helena, and also notes that the Commonwealth Parliamentary Association recently sent a delegation to study the Constitution and its application with the Legislative Council;
9. Also at the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.4/53/L.7, without a vote (see para. 10).
E. Translation-related matters . 111 - 120 16
An equally important linkage exists between development and peace.
No nation can make unilateral concessions that leave its people more insecure.
4. Operational activities for development [99]
(v) Gratis personnel (resolution 52/234);
The Committee notes that 18 international staff were already converted into the local level category in the context of the budget for 1998.
Democracy is based on a complex mechanism of private voluntary institutions through which the citizens participate in political life, volunteer their services for the benefit of others and of their country, express their dissent and defend their interest.
In these instances, the late June 1996 assessments are reflected in the end of July 1996 status of contributions report.
10. The Director of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development, introducing the item, said that document TD/B/COM.3/2 sketched out a proposal for a three-year work programme aimed at identifying diagnostic tools and guidelines to assist countries in analysing the various interrelated elements that might help formulate national enterprise development strategies.
The Emergency Relief Coordinator has twice been invited to engage in discussions with the Council on this issue.
There were no reports of cases of serious violence on voting day, except for one armed attack in Anlong Veng which led to the death of 10 people.
Article I.1 of the International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of Apartheid provides that:
1. The Government of Lebanon voted in favour of resolution 52/10, entitled “Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba”, adopted by the General Assembly on 5 November 1997.
13. Acknowledges the close links between New Caledonia and the peoples of the South Pacific and the positive actions being taken by the French and territorial authorities to facilitate the further development of those links, including the development of closer relations with the countries members of the South Pacific Forum;
541. In the light of article 2 of the Convention, the Committee is concerned about the insufficient measures, including of a legislative nature, taken by the authorities to regulate adoption adequately and to prevent and combat abuses, such as the trafficking of children.
While it is fortunate that there do not appear to have been any acts of violence during the 1998 campaign as a result of such statements, ethnic hatred in Cambodia remains a powderkeg which could be ignited at any time under the wrong socio-political circumstances.
In May 1997, the Government decided to execute a support programme for industrial, agricultural and tourism enterprises (LL 24 billion in interest subsidies).
As such, participated in the final negotiations of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
5. Invites international financial and other institutions to contribute to the financing of projects and programmes within the framework of the implementation of the Programme of Action;
4. Also requests the President of the General Assembly at its fifty-third session, in close consultations with Member States, to designate two vice-chairpersons for the ad hoc working group, preferably before the convening of its organizational meeting in January 1999, bearing in mind appropriate representation;
It was agreed to follow the recommendations on the division of labour between the SBI and the SBSTA that were agreed by both bodies at their sixth sessions, and consequently to allow one body to take overall responsibility in considering an issue.
46. Measures to support more age interactions in families, neighbourhoods and society at large could help ensure that childhood is truly the cradle of longevity.
10. The planned engineering and demining activities in MINURSO include collection of information on minefields at designated repatriation routes and sites, demining of specific routes and sites for the deployment of additional military observers and formed units, construction of additional team sites and preparation of areas for the construction of military camps.
(c) The issues to be addressed by the high-level segment of an Economic and Social Council session on human settlements issues to be held before the year 2001, as recommended by the General Assembly in paragraph 16 of its resolution 51/177, and paragraph 13 of its resolution 52/190;
The present annex presents the requested information, including relevant background information on how the facility has developed.
Statements were made by the representatives of Cuba and Guatemala.
AND DISTRIBUTION OF NARCOTIC DRUGS AND PSYCHOTROPIC SUBSTANCES
A rethinking of international cooperation is needed with its principal objective being to create local and autonomous bases for sustainable and self-sustained development.Several communications were sent to the Special Rapporteur analysing this subject already covered in the second report.
The question of whether they are profitable to run should not be a primary concern.
Regional commission (Part V, section 16 A)
The principle behind the Initiative is that the international community would reduce the debt burden of poor countries, following the implementation of internationally accepted programmes of reform, to a level that would no longer hinder their economic growth and development.
This may be effective, but it is a dangerous policy choice when the domestic financial sector is weak and the level of debt in the economy is high.
“Alternative development: moving away from drug crops”, backgrounder released in English in May
Any motion calling for a decision on the competence of the Conference of the Parties to discuss any matter or to adopt a proposal or an amendment to a proposal submitted to it shall be put to the vote before the matter is discussed or a vote taken on the proposal or amendment in question.
5. Peaceful inhabitants have been constantly forced to migrate from their villages and homes; as a result of the recurrent invasions and attacks, hundreds and thousands of civilians have migrated.
1. The Ministry of National Security supports Sub—Commission resolution 1996/16 on “International peace and security as an essential condition for the enjoyment of human rights, above all the right to life.”
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Second Committee in paragraph 20 of its report (A/52/625) (resolution 52/210).
4. There were no documents before the Committee under this item.
10. At the heart of this growing phenomenon of mass violence and social disintegration is a crisis of values.
(b) Three-fourths majority on all matters of substance (including the adoption of
However, the agreement reached by President of Yugoslavia, Slobodan Milosevic, and United State Envoy, Richard Holbrooke, is convincing proof that the international community is committed to solving the contentious issues by peaceful and political means.
This situation is made worse by the absence of any promotion of breast feeding.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Disarmament Information Programme (A/53/161 and Corr.1 and Add.1);
The Memorandum of Understanding also set formal procedures for communicating vessel locations to the Secretary of Commerce and the United States Coast Guard.
These policies may also have some relevance to the Convention and the Agreement, in particular with regard to certain provisions of Parts VI and XI of the Convention.
6. The format and content have been under continuous review since its initial preparation, and periodic efforts have been made to expand its coverage and scope.
25. Takes note of the information provided by the Secretary-General on the allocation of resources to United Nations information centres in 1996, A/AC.198/1997/6. and calls upon him to continue to study ways and means of rationalizing and effecting equitable disbursement of available resources to all United Nations information centres and to report thereon to the Committee on Information at its twenty-first session;
“Such unpackaged articles may be fixed to cradles or contained in crates or other suitable handling, storage or launching devices in such a way that they will not become loose during normal conditions of transport.”
Taking into account the fact that the additional costs referred to above will be absorbed and the pattern of expenditures of the Mission (see para. 9 above), the Advisory Committee recommends that the General Assembly approve the appropriation and assessment of the additional amount of $37,250,460 gross ($34,445,260 net) for the operations of MINURSO for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, subject to the extension of the mandate of MINURSO by the Security Council.
41. The Administration informed the Board that advance integration of services in Nairobi was currently under way.
54. Experiences from many countries have illustrated the importance of the role of professional associations in a variety of areas which are critical for the SME sector.
52. FAO’s Global Information and Early Warning System monitors and reports on the supply situation in Central and Eastern European countries.
While legislation and institutional structures are essential to the advancement of women’s status, they are not sufficient to address the ongoing preference for men in employment and politics.
Fifty-six companies in the chemical, electronics, cement and construction sectors have acquired ISO 14001 certificates, and a significant number of companies (mostly large ones) are preparing for certification.
The two CN-235 violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the area of the Cape of Apostolos Andreas.
However, the view was expressed that a specific objective on gender mainstreaming should have been included in subprogramme 15.3, Social development.
8.9 The coordination, collection and dissemination of statistical information was achieved through several forums and by the Working Group on International Statistical Programmes and Coordination organized by the Statistical Commission, as well as by the Administrative Committee on Coordination Subcommittee on Statistical Activities.
In cases of misinformation, it would ensure that necessary steps are taken to provide the media with an accurate picture.
In this connection, the failure to provide for an age for the completion of compulsory education as required by the Constitution of Guatemala, as well as by article 2 of International Labour Organization Convention No. 138, is a matter of considerable concern to the Committee.
It should also be noted that the Inter-American Juridical Committee, in fulfilment of resolution AG/doc.3375/9 of the General Assembly of the Organization of American States, entitled “Freedom of trade and investment in the hemisphere”, unanimously concluded that the so-called Helms-Burton Act is not in conformity with international law.
H. Remote sensing small satellite programme
It was evident that, over the years, a meaningful relationship had developed between exporters and importers of natural rubber, which represented a significant achievement in international commodity co-operation.
4. Also endorses the recommendation of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;A/52/410, para. 5.
Countries which are both producers and users of ozone depleting substances (ODS) tend to have larger needs.
Intercountry programme guidelines are being finalized and will provide at the project appraisal stage for a more systematic assessment of the links with UNFPA objectives and the country needs.
B. Resumed session (3 September and 14 and 17 November 1997)
122. In the light of reports indicating discrimination against Roma in areas such as housing, transport and employment, it is noted with concern that the State party does not have civil or administrative law provisions expressly outlawing discrimination in employment, education, housing and health care and that there exists no administrative regulation explicitly prohibiting racial discrimination by public institutions and agencies.
Efforts to build a worthwhile future for both our peoples must therefore be based on the acknowledgement of the existence and equal status of our respective states.
196. UNU and the Government of Namibia began work on the concept and practice of zero emissions in Africa under the UNU/UNESCO agreement to set up a chair that was signed in 1996.
II. THE ECONOMIC AND SOCIAL COUNCIL AND NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
5. The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development shall continue to serve as the secretariat of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development.
Transfers between such lines would be subject, in terms of rule 6, "to limits which the Conference of the Parties may set as appropriate."
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rap- porteurs and representatives
Accordingly, a comprehensive Programme of Technical Cooperation Activities of a modular nature was developed, guided by the findings of UNCTAD's intersectoral research project on prospects for sustained development of the Palestinian economy.
Subsequently, Bahrain, Brunei Darussalam and the People’s Democratic Republic of Korea joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The recruitment process will also need to recognize the technical and operational skills and experience of suitable candidates for these positions, and not focus entirely on the academic achievements as a prerequisite for their qualifications at the Professional level.
d Does not include the additional requirement of $639,356 related to the incident of Qana to be financed under the terms of General Assembly resolution 51/233 of 13 June 1997.
9. Japan and the Russian Federation express their expectations for progress in the four-party talks on peace on the Korean Peninsula.
While relatively isolated forest-dwelling peoples can be extremely vulnerable to imported illnesses against which they have no immunity, malnutrition and substance use are a growing concern among indigenous peoples in developed countries.
It is noted that the reporting should be consistent with decision 5/CP.1 and 8/CP.2 (reproduced in annexes I and II to the reporting format which will be made available).
The representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran, in his capacity of Co-Chairman of the Intergovernmental Forum on Forests, reported to the Council on the informal consultations he had conducted on this matter.
The Committee is concerned at the fact that corporal punishment is a common practice in the family, in schools and in other institutions.
Several independently-financed non-governmental organizations continue to face funding shortfalls owing to revised policies by some donors.
Assists in the mobilization of resources in support of the Programme's objectives and activities and to promote and develop initiatives aimed at mobilizing civil society in the global fight against drug problems.
Review of Summit agreements and consideration of further initiatives
(a) Views of Governments concerning the role of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action: while stressing the need for a balanced approach, the reports usually attach particular importance to some specific aspects of the document;
Authorizes the Executive Secretary to make transfers, between each of the main appropriation lines set out in Table 1, up to an aggregate limit of 15 per cent of total estimated expenditure for those appropriation lines, provided that a further limitation of up to minus 25 per cent of each such appropriation line shall apply;
It is thus clear that the GM can only operate effectively if it is firmly based on partnership not only with its host, but also with the full range of actors involved in resource mobilization and utilization for CCD implementation.
Statements were made by representatives of 13 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
114. Needed activities in Angola have been seriously impeded owing to lack of funds.
General population or target population attitude surveys have been reported by 17 countries, with 9 in Europe and 4 in the Americas, 3 in Africa and one in the Near and Middle East region.
44. During the period under review, there was a significant increase in the number of persons arrested on the charge of plotting against the State or related charges (27 between July and August). To the extent that the persons accused of such acts over the past two years have not been brought to trial, the validity of these arrests and the credibility of the authorities are increasingly being questioned.
XIV. OVERRIDING AUTHORITY OF THE CONVENTION22
Benchmark cost-of-living relativities between the base and other duty stations were established at the time of place-to-place price comparisons, and were maintained by way of time-to-time adjustments;
In the words of one speaker, management and staff of the Department were deserving of great praise for their untiring efforts in strengthening the image of the United Nations and for high professional standards that they had at all times maintained in the execution of their duties.
2. Furthermore, rule 20 of the rules of procedure provides that "(t)he Bureau of any session shall examine the credentials and submit its report to the Conference of the Parties for decision".
18. An International Forum of Parliamentarians on Population and Development will meet at The Hague from 4 to 6 February 1999.
Under the so-called Intifada Law, he was not eligible for compensation by Israel.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/135), A/53/400.
The Permanent Secretariat shall notify all Parties of the dates and venue of an ordinary session at least two months before the session is due to commence.
13. With regard to the Force’s humanitarian and economic role, as part of its efforts to promote a return to normal conditions, UNFICYP has for many years worked with technical authorities and agencies of both parties to facilitate humanitarian activities.
He noted that these elements constituted possible functions and procedures of any multilateral consultative process and could serve as a basis for discussion at the fifth session of the AG13.
Useful lessons might also be drawn from Scandinavian experiences of the role of network brokers or facilitators.
9. Financing of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/724) [135].
The SecretaryGeneral expressed a preference for option (a).
There seems to be some justification for arguing that a “level playing field” should be created for all enterprises, regardless of size, and that, if policy interventions are needed, they should be directed at eliminating the bias in favour of large enterprises, for example subsidized credit or special foreign exchange allocations for such enterprises, rather than being packaged specifically for SMEs.
77. A new 32-page professional quarterly review of the Office of the High Commissioner, entitled Human Rights, is being produced.
34. There were substantial time lags between the operational closure of projects and their financial closure.
314. On 2 February, a former Coordinator of the Government’s Activities in the Territories, Maj.-Gen. Oren Shahor, called upon the Israeli authorities to take firm action against Palestinian activities in Greater Jerusalem.
Emphasizing the necessity for the developing countries, in particular African countries and least developed countries, for a domestic industrial transformation of their commodity production with a view to enhancing productivity and stabilizing and increasing their export earnings, thus promoting the sustainable economic growth of developing countries in their integration into the global economy,
Furthermore, the very recent Security Council resolution 1179 (1998) called for refraining from any action which might prejudice that sovereignty, independence and territorial integrity.
The Saami people have inhabited parts of Finland, Norway, Russia and Sweden for thousands of years, as documented by the earliest available historical sources.
1992 Bangladesh Rural Advancement South Asia
Geographical imbalance arising from promotions through the competitive examination remains minimal.
"(e) To exchange information on drug-trafficking trends and trend indicators, as well as intelligence information on the movement of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances, precursors and methods of concealing assets, bearing in mind the fact that criminal organizations employ a wide range of sophisticated financial mechanisms, including corporate entities and offshore financial havens, to conceal the origin of their funds;
The report refers to some of the Committee’s general recommendations and describes programmes put in place to implement the Beijing Platform for Action.
56. On 23 November, Prime Minister Netanyahu declared that Israel’s response to an incident on 19 November in which a 26-year-old yeshiva student had been shot dead in the Old City of Jerusalem would be to increase the Jewish presence there.
As a result of the resignation of Mr. Alexander V. Chepourin (Russian Federation), the Committee also decided, by acclama-tion, to recommend that the General Assembly appoint Mr. Alexei Fedotov (Russian Federation) to fill the remainder of the four-year term beginning on the date of appointment and expiring on 31 December 2000.
12. Following the Office’s authorization, IFAD paid in the biennium 1996–1997, $278.8 million of loan proceeds to Governments.
The relatively low deposit/GDP ratio was, at the end of 1996, about 57.5 per cent.
The Third Committee will hear introductory statements by the Special Rapporteurs and Special Representatives presenting reports to the Committee, as follows:
14. The Bureau plays a crucial role in the successful outcome of, and in facilitating the preparation for, the meeting.
A total amount of $86,134 was written off in the financial statements on account of three uncollectable receivables in compliance with financial rule 110.15, compared with $13,734 written off in the biennium 1994–1995.
2. If, during a meeting, there are no more speakers on an agenda item, the next item shall be introduced without the discussion on the preceding item being closed. Supplementary guideline
One delegation expressed its support for the Secretary-General’s intention to establish a single “United Nations house” in each country, and another, with the same point of view, urged that the Department of Public Information continue, wherever possible, to integrate United Nations information centres under one flag.
Institutional collaboration at the operational, advocacy and fund-raising levels also occurs through inter-agency memoranda of understanding.
(a) Reduction of CO2 emissions from newly registered cars - a strategy to reduce CO2 emissions from newly registered cars could be based on the promotion of measures aimed at reaching target value(s) for average fuel efficiency and/or average g-CO2/km emissions of newly registered cars per year by a given date.
94. The Committee considered the initial report of China (CRC/C/11/Add.7) at its 298th to 300th meetings, on 28 and 29 May 1996 (CRC/C/SR.298-300), and at its 314th meeting, on 7 June 1996, adopted the following concluding observations.
Early user involvement helps to build a climate of acceptance and realism about the capabilities of the system.
10. Mechanisms for consultation with non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
∙ United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi
Tropical beverage production, with the exception of tea, may also suffer.
38. OIOS appreciates the initiatives of the Mission and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations with regard to the audits of the procurement process in the Mission, their timely response to the audit findings and their actions for the implementation of the recommendations.
The Group further agrees that it would be necessary to reconsider in future work the wording where a restriction of a maritime lien would be inappropriate in respect of a maritime claim.
Convinced that the Commission must play a lead role in the development of innovative approaches in the human resources management field as part of the overall reform currently taking place in the organizations of the common system,
It was observed that success in domestic markets was often a prerequisite for competitiveness in regional and, eventually, international markets.
45. In its reply of 29 June 1998 to the Secretary-General, Monaco stated that the Ordinance of 2 July 1908 on Marine Service and Marine Police (articles 15–26), which still regulated fishing activities in Monaco, prohibited the use of drift-nets in areas under its jurisdiction, as well as the use of such gear on board vessels flying its flag.
Strengthening of drug-control measures in each central Asian State and their concerted action at the subregional level will also be an integral part of the common strategy to stem drug trafficking from Afghanistan.
194. While the Convention refers generally to the right of overflight and the duties of aircraft over archipelagic sea lanes passage, the General Provisions specifically address the duties of civil aircraft engaged in international air navigation, requiring them to use an air route above a designated sea lane in accordance with any relevant requirements of ICAO.
Senior United Nations representatives have participated in meetings of the Permanent Council of OSCE.
In many States, it has taken several centuries.
26. During the period under review, UNDP has continued to provide support to the Office of the Minister of State for Administrative Reform for the implementation of the National Administrative Rehabilitation Programme and for the formulation of a strategy to reform and modernize public administration within a long-term perspective.
Recognizing that the tragic history of Cambodia requires special measures to assure the promotion and protection of the human rights of all people in Cambodia and the non-return to the policies and practices of the past, as stipulated in the Agreement signed at Paris on 23 October 1991,
The SBI may wish to consider the merits of the question and advise other bodies, through the COP Bureau, of its conclusion.
The Committee recommends that the Office of the Prosecutor record all causes for this phenomenon, so that the Prosecutor and the Registrar might be in a better position to determine whether indeed additional staff is required or other management actions would instead be the most appropriate remedy.
UNU/WIDER is contributing to the UNDP review paper on Poverty and Distribution during the Transition; and several UNDP staff are contributing to the UNU/WIDER project on the Wave of Emergencies of the Last Decade.
It concludes that recent events, during and since the ILO mission to the territories, are a stark reminder of just how fragile and volatile the situation still is.
United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
But one key obstacle to greater success in advocacy in the trade area has been trade restrictions in other countries.
It requires four more adherences for entry into force;
For the biennium 1998-1999, the emphasis has been laid on prevention of drug abuse by young people and on community-based prevention and social reintegration.
Some 4,000 people are believed to have died and over 1,300 injured.
(a) Recruitment into armed forces or groups of children below the legal minimum age for recruitment should be defined as a war crime;
The activities conducted in 1997 by the Programme and the plans for the period 1998–1999 to meet those objectives are contained in the report of the United Nations Expert on Space Applications (A/AC.105/693 and Add.1 and Corr.1).
In major developing countries, tariffs above 12 per cent are more frequent than in major developed countries, but these peak tariffs largely remain within a range of 12 to 30 per cent and exceed rates of 100 per cent only exceptionally.
The updated assessments reproduced below represent the views of their authors.
Members elected for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 1998v
Credentials are required for representatives of States members of the General Assembly, the Security Council, the Economic and Social Council and the Trusteeship Council.
The representative of the Legal Office responded to questions raised.
23. WHO – Executive Board, one hundred and fourth session
Through them, the University can access greater intellectual and financial resources and increase its visibility and presence worldwide.
325. The Committee notes with appreciation the adoption of several new laws and legal revisions to bring the domestic situation into greater conformity with the Convention.
162. Election of judges of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994.
In its resolutions 47/97, 47/99, 48/12 and 49/168, the General Assembly called on States to adopt the necessary legislative and administrative measures to ensure that their internal juridical regulations are compatible with the spirit and the scope of the international drug control treaties.
International Association of European General Average Adjusters
293. On 19 May, the B’tselem human rights organization held a press conference in Jerusalem after producing a report detailing GSS interrogation methods.
Currently 30 per cent of electricity and 90 per cent of primary fuel are imported.
A third book, Improving the Quality of Foreign Direct Investment Inflows in Developing Countries: Empirical Analysis of the Role of Multinationals in Industrialization, Export Expansion and Innovation, is still in manuscript form and will soon be prepared for publication.
(a) Operative paragraph 2 would be replaced by the following:
The amendment was adopted by the Standing Committee, on behalf of the Board, in July 1997, effective as of 1 August 1997.
We should like to refer here to a report, published in the 10 April 1995 edition of Le Monde Diplomatique, which was written by Mr. William M. Arkin, President of the Institute for Science and International Security in Washington.
As a group, those countries’ debt burden remains severe, with a debt stock to export ratio of well over 300 per cent (far above the 200 per cent threshold used to indicate a debt overhang) and a debt stock to GNP ratio of 127 per cent in 1996 after several years of improvement.
e Under the terms of General Assembly decision 51/439, the total assessments on Member States were reduced by $9,335,424, representing the unencumbered balance for the period from 1 February 1995 to 31 January 1996.
4.1 During the biennium 1996-1997, the Office for Outer Space Affairs implemented about 73 per cent of its programme of work.
The Unit has initiated or supported project formulation exercises in Haiti, Madagascar, Mali, Mauritania and Mozambique, and in the Palestinian territories.
A trust fund has been established at the United Nations Secretariat in New York for receiving voluntary contributions from Governments and other institutions.
90. The issue of sects or new religious movements needs to be clarified as soon as possible in order to prevent situations such as the current one characterized by confusion, hasty conclusions and generalizations, all of which adversely affect the religions and beliefs that abide by the rule of law, the victims and human rights.
The full realization of the rights of women and children deserve in particular to be highlighted as neglect in this respect remains widespread.
On 18 May 1998, at the European Union/United States summit in London, a package was agreed covering waivers to Titles III and IV of the Helms-Burton Act; a commitment by the United States administration to resist future extraterritorial legislation of that kind; and an understanding with respect to disciplines for the strengthening of investment protection.
3. Calls upon all States that are already parties to Protocol I, or those States not parties, on becoming parties to Protocol I, to make the declaration provided for under article 90 of that Protocol;
Cooperation among organizations is thus increasingly being used to reduce duplication, facilitate synergy and complement individual programme activities.
One pastor, a Muslim convert to Christianity, was allegedly imprisoned on two occasions in 1997.
Heroin injecting practices have been reported in their annual reports questionnaires by India, Indonesia, Malaysia, Philippines, Sri Lanka and Uzbekistan.
26. In order for the United Nations to improve the aviation services received, the Office of Internal Oversight Services has recommended that measures be taken to strengthen the Organization’s capability to assess vendors’ viability and suitability, including safety records and compliance with international safety regulations.
5. At the same time, an ever-increasing number of voices have joined the international community’s call for the embargo’s elimination, and its total lifting has been demanded by practically every State in the world, as well as by numerous multilateral forums, international organizations, regional institutions and groups, Governments, personalities from all over the world and non-governmental organizations.
With the completion in previous years of major projects for the enlargement and replacement of primary health-care facilities under the expanded programme of assistance and PIP, the emphasis during the reporting period was on renovation and expansion of existing facilities.
III. Recommendations of the Sixth Committee
The President made a statement on behalf of the Council (S/PRST/1997/50).
Moreover, part IV of the draft, entitled “State immunity from measures of constraint in connection with proceedings before a court”, indicates that the scope of the Commission’s draft articles remains limited with respect to immunity from execution.
• Only one of the frameworks provided estimates of the financial resources required for the programme.
“2. The application of sanctions is permissible only in the event of a real, objectively verified and factually established threat to international peace or a breach of the peace, and this refers specifically to international peace, not peace between communities, clans or groups.
In this capacity, it is responsible for ensuring an effective, proactive and coordinated United Nations response to landmine contamination.
1. States parties shall afford one another the greatest possible assistance in connection with prosecution instituted in respect of the offences set forth in article 1, paragraph 1, of this Convention, including assistance in obtaining evidence at their disposal necessary for the proceedings.
13. Costs officially recorded in the accounts as at 30 June 1997 which are attributable to each of the above activities are provided below.
As a result, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi spent five days stuck in a car on a rural highway surrounded by governmental security personnel.
Legal Adviser to the Government of Jamaica on matters relating to the Caribbean Common Market (CARICOM).
One such challenge is the conflict created by divisive pluralism, which can impede the achievement of peace and democracy in any country and region.
1. Environment and sustainable development [98](A/52/25, A/52/112, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/52/318, A/52/347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/514-S/1997/815)
As a practical matter, macro-policy should thus aim to attain medium-term goals and incorporate automatic stabilizers to help absorb short-term fluctuations (for example, stabilization funds can even out the tax revenues from unstable earnings on commodity exports).
I do not wish to dwell in detail on that statement since the origins of the situation lie both in the inertia of the Soviet mind-set and in the corporate interests of particular Russian monopolists.
19. With regard to item three of its programme of work discussed at the fourth substantive session, the following conference room paper was submitted:
Inspired by the wealth of the historic heritage of Uzbekistan and by its desire to safeguard and promote its cultural values in a spirit of openness to democracy and of peace, and thus encouraged to contribute to the advent of a culture of peace, which will be a challenge for the new millennium,
The United Nations, the Bretton Woods institutions and the Development Assistance Committee of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD/DAC) are urged to develop and apply common indicators to the maximum extent possible.
While equipment and supplies are provided on a direct reimbursable basis, no support cost is charged by UNMIBH for administrative and technical assistance provided by its staff to other agencies.
Expert Meeting on Telecommunications, Business Facilitation and Trade Efficiency
OHCHR developed a framework strategy with three main components: assisting Governments in improving the enjoyment of human rights at the national level; assisting OAU and the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights in promoting and protecting human rights; and strengthening non-governmental and grass-roots organizations.
Subsequently, El Salvador, Nicaragua and the Russian Federation joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The United Nations is in a unique position to address the challenges of promoting development in the context of the globalization of the world economy and the deepening interdependence among nations.
In the afternoon, the first informal panel meeting could be scheduled for the first part of the afternoon, from 2 to 4 p.m., followed by a continuation of the morning plenary meeting, from 4 to 7 p.m.
The view was expressed that delegation of authority should be contingent on an effective system of internal control and programme oversight.
8. Education is often singled out as an important policy instrument in bringing about greater equality of opportunity.
Action on draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.40/Rev.1
The north lounge is open from 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. and the snack bar from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Monday to Friday.
Mr. Behzad Alipour Tehrani (Islamic Republic of Iran)
1985-1989 Chief Legal Adviser, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ankara.
“1.23 The Department of Political Affairs will provide the required substantive services to the Trusteeship Council and assist in preparing the reports of the Trusteeship Council, if it should meet, in accordance with its rules of procedure.”
To improve planning with appropriate consideration for sustainability, the Agency should develop a more effective system of consultation and coordination with all parties concerned (recommendation 10 (g)).
3. Notes that further progress, including swift implementation of innovative approaches and concrete measures, is essential for contributing to effective, equitable, development-oriented and durable solutions to the external debt and debt-servicing problems of developing countries, particularly the poorest and heavily indebted countries;
The Government had also at one point in time guaranteed the deposits of the financial sector, which could also prove costly.
2. Notes with concern the late submission of the programme performance report, and urges the Secretary-General to submit the report in future to all Member States by the end of the first quarter following completion of the biennial budget period, in accordance with regulation 6.3 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation;
The Board also validated the financial statements of the United Nations for the biennium ending 31 December 1997.
“States Parties shall ensure that: ... No child shall be deprived of his or her liberty unlawfully or arbitrarily.
“17. In addition, in accordance with rule 2 of the rules of procedure, the General Assembly has, at the beginning of each session, fixed a closing date for the session.
29. Within the framework of a decision taken at the 9th meeting of the Bureau of AMCEN (Nairobi, December 1996), the secretariat of the Convention to Combat Desertification, UNEP and OAU organized a Pan-African Conference on the Implementation of the Convention and follow-up in Africa on the results of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development.
(k) Note by the Secretary-General on the election of the 19 members of the Committee on Non-Governmental Organizations (E/1998/L.1/Add.9);
Provision is made for the cost of rotating contingents upon completion of their tour of duty of approximately six months’ duration and for the cost of repatriating individual members of the Force for commercial, compassionate, medical or other reasons, as well as the cost of chartered aircraft and transportation between airports of arrival/departure, baggage services and ground handling charges ($1,170,000).
6. In the light of the foregoing, the present report is submitted to the General Assembly.
By its resolution 1144 (1997) of 19 December 1997, the Security Council extended the mandate of UNMIBH until 21 June 1998.
62. UNHCR continued to participate actively in the meetings of the OAU Commission on Refugees, and extended assistance and support to the Commission during its visits to refugee camps and settlements in Africa.
107. While the Committee is reassured to be informed that acts of domestic violence are prosecuted by public attorneys at the request of the victims, it expresses concern with regard to the adequacy of measures to encourage women to come forward with complaints and about the fact that prosecution by public attorneys ex officio or upon the complaint of third parties is not incorporated in legislation on domestic violence.
28. The Committee is concerned about the apparent discrimination in the granting of nationality to a child of parents of mixed nationality; nationality may only be obtained by a child from her or his Lebanese father but not from the mother and, in the case of unmarried parents, only if the Lebanese father acknowledges the child.
The Secretary and the representative of the Secretary-General for the investments of the Fund reviewed the provisions in the Fund's Regulations and Rules and agreed to submit the following conclusions to the Board:
UNCTAD would work in close cooperation with ITC, UN/ECE and other bodies.
19. In this connection, and in view of the complexity and diversity of the issues involved, the Sub—Commission could be advised to identify — at least at the beginning — priority areas or priority topics, and decide as well how far it would wish to go in the analysis of other issues.
Since 1992, the absolute amount of ODA has declined continuously.
7. Consider that by these means the vile crime of torture may be condemned and suppressed by all the people of the world.
14. A total of 90 non-governmental organizations were represented by observers.
In document IDB.18/15/5/Rev.1, the Director-General drew the attention of the Programme and Budget Committee and the Industrial Development Board to the personnel and related financial implications of those reductions, and made proposals on possible modalities for financing of a staff separation programme.
3. To facilitate those deliberations, I propose to submit a report to the Millennium Assembly, suggesting to Member States a set of workable objectives and institutional means for the United Nations to meet the challenges of human solidarity in the years ahead.
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
This geostationary satellite is able to capture visible light images of clouds, 24-hour infrared images of clouds and pictures of vapour distribution, in addition to being capable of broadcasting climate pictures.
ISSUES RELATED TO COMPETITION LAW OF PARTICULAR RELEVANCE TO DEVELOPMENT
UNIDIR will place a great deal of emphasis on helping to formulate the questions that should be asked at the special session, channelling all our work on disarmament and security issues into our thinking for this event.
(e) Meanwhile, and in response to a request from the Central Bank, a project document dealing with the recovery of savings and loans cooperatives is being finalized.
(c) Commissions of inquiry set up to examine complaints relating to non-observance of ratified conventions and similar bodies.
It stressed that the Ahmadis were guaranteed the enjoyment of such freedoms.
The other States parties shall not be bound by the dispute settlement procedure provided for in paragraph 2 above, with respect to a State party that has made a reservation to that procedure.
It is worthwhile to note that the role of regional organizations in peacemaking and peacekeeping is steadily being strengthened.
For issues of a procedural nature, decisions, instead of resolutions, should be used to the maximum extent possible.
74. The Forum supported and endorsed Canada’s Security Council candidature.
It has also carried out a two-month assessment of the impact of a series of seminars on mediation which it had provided, in partnership with the Magistrates School, for justices of the peace and State prosecutors in Artibonite during the second half of 1997.
This involves gathering full details of the type, size, composition and tasks of each mission component, planning the coordinated movement of these components to the mission area, ensuring that the necessary life support and task support resources will be in place in time for each mission component’s arrival at its operational location, and achieving all of this at a minimum cost to the United Nations.
Parties are invited to continue negotiations on the consolidated negotiating text with the view to reaching agreement on all issues.
The commitments for each Party included in Annex I shall be established using the process set out in Annex B and shall be inscribed in Attachment 1.
The implementation of these measures has allowed a reduction in staffing by almost 50 per cent.
The abduction demonstrated yet again the risks under which humanitarian personnel continue to try to fulfil their mandate, even in the most difficult of conditions.
5. In fulfilment of the recommendations of the Beijing Platform for Action to strengthen its operational work and maximize the impact of its projects, UNIFEM’s programmes focus on three thematic areas: strengthening women’s economic capacity; engendering governance and leadership; and promoting women’s human rights, and eliminating all forms of violence against women.
15. While humanitarian activities are undertaken by a small number of the Force’s human resources, they have a vital impact on efforts to improve intercommunal relations.
2. Substantive and financial support to experimental projects/institutional support to strengthen the capacities of national coordination bodies involved with the implementation of the Convention ($524,300);
The Board’s comments in this regard have been included in the present report.
(e) At the end of paragraph 24.8 (g), add with full respect for the relevant mandates, decisions and resolutions of the General Assembly.
Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]
to give consideration to ratifying or acceding to those treaties;
If it acts otherwise it infringes the international legal order.
The objective was not to undertake a comparison of the costs reported by organizations, given their different locations, levels of services provided and costing methods, but rather to have each organization provide an estimate of the direct and indirect costs they were assuming in their respective budget for pension-related activities.
For this purpose, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs has prepared a draft proposal, together with the Conflict Management Group of Cambridge, Massachusetts.
They should provide a framework where the private sector, research centres, academia, NGOs and the public sector can contribute to a better understanding of some development issues linked to trade and investment and to develop solutions that go beyond our traditional outputs.
3. The expected output of the trade efficiency assessment
There is, therefore, a requirement for ten additional local level posts.
The Unit intends to prepare the report in two parts: Part I: United Nations Secretariat and secretariats of United Nations-affiliated bodies; and, Part II: Specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA).
61. IFAD’s newest initiative, now in the planning stages, is a collaborative effort with the Arab Fund for Social and Economic Development (AFESD) to create a consultative group for poverty reduction in Arab States.
- Internal procedures of the Competition Commission
As regards financial matters, the budget exercise would fall entirely within the purview of COP and its Secretariat, while the UN would provide accounting services, expenditure control and internal and external audit.
11. These expenses relate to budget sections 3, 5, 30 and 32, as follows:
(b) The use, procuring or offering of a child for prostitution, for the production of pornography or for pornographic performances;
These activities and findings of research in progress are reported in the UNU Food and Nutrition Bulletin, a widely read nutrition journal in developing countries.
Offers by Member States of study and training facilities for inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories
Subsequently, Greece, Nigeria, Trinidad and Tobago and Tunisia joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
(d) The existence of many internal armed conflicts, some of them attributable to ethnic mistrust and resistance, which extend to the regional level and in which the warring parties resort to the hiring of mercenaries to boost their military potential;
Possibilities for replicating the East Asian experience;
Fundline, at the address http://www.worldbank.org/html/fpd/psd/fundline, is a database managed by the World Bank to facilitate communication between potential equity investors and enterprises in Eastern Europe and the former Soviet Union.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the support account for peacekeeping operations A/52/837 and Corr.1. and the related reports of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, A/52/892 and A/53/418.
In order to be compliant with United Nations accounting standards, UNFPA will examine the additional requirements for compiling and reporting this information.
32. At the tenth meeting of chairpersons, the issue of interchangeability of venues was once more discussed.
Mindful that in order for the Special Committee to enhance its understanding of the political status of the peoples of the Territories and to fulfil its mandate effectively, it is important for the Committee to be apprised by the administering Powers and to receive information from other appropriate sources, including the representatives of the Territories, concerning the wishes and aspirations of the peoples of the Territories,
Parties listed in Annex X shall give the policies and measures in [List] C priority for inclusion in national programmes, as appropriate to national circumstances.
“Recalling that the question of assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions has been addressed recently in several forums, including the General Assembly and its subsidiary organs and the Security Council,
Poverty eradication continues to be a priority objective for ACC members.
United Nations agencies are committed to formulating new projects and to reshaping their ongoing activities as the Government defines new priorities.
“Underlining the urgent need for managing the negative impact of globalization and interdependence so as to realize the objectives of poverty eradication and sustained economic growth and sustainable development,
31. The view was expressed that the use of professional work-months as an indicator of resource utilization was inadequate for demonstrating the overall picture of programme implementation, especially with respect to the use and flow of funds.
Review of the Statute of the Administrative Tribunal of the United Nations
For the Centre for Human Rights in Geneva
On the basis of the experience acquired by UNDCP in Chile, advisory services will be provided over the next biennium to Bolivia, Brazil, Colombia and Ecuador for the establishment or strengthening of financial intelligence and investigative units aimed at controlling money-laundering.
This has resulted in increased efficiency and in cost savings.
In this connection, the Committee notes the adoption of the Agreement on the Identity and Rights of Indigenous Peoples and the Agreement on Socio-Economic Aspects and the Agrarian Situation.
She questioned the quality of privatized detention facilities, notably with regard to the rights of detained juveniles.
30. The proposed staffing table for the Office of Operations of the Department reflects the conversion of 14 gratis positions into 14 additional support account posts, as follows: one P-4 post in the Asia and Middle East Division, one P-4 post in the Europe and Latin America Division and 12 posts (two P-4, eight P-3 and two General Service) in the Situation Centre.
The car was never delivered to the Claimant.
It was only Turkey, acting in conformity with the Treaty of Guarantee of 1960, which undertook effective action to save the Turkish Cypriots from total annihilation and protect the bi-national independence of Cyprus.
Between 0955 and 1035 hours Israeli forces fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Izziyah, Mansuri and Majdal Zun and at Wadi al-Qaysiyah from their positions at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal and Tall Ya`qub.
For transnational corporations (TNCs) and large companies, this related to export markets whereas SMEs were more specifically concerned with domestic market share, including increased market opportunities as suppliers to TNCs.
28. We are therefore at a crossroads where decisive action on the future of the information centres is needed.
3. Requests the President of the General Assembly at its fifty-third session to serve as ex officio chairman of the ad hoc working group and to convene an organizational meeting of the ad hoc working group not later than January 1999 to decide on the modalities referred to in paragraph 2 of the present resolution and to develop arrangements for the effective direction and functioning of the ad hoc working group;
(b) Decided that priority should also be given to methods for evaluating and monitoring the effectiveness and effects of specific policies and measures and for assessing adaptation strategies and technologies.
● Diversity and mixing of land uses versus rigid zoning;
“37. Arguments in favour of making environment and trade policies mutually supportive were also put forward.
The Committee raises the following concerns:
The objective of the programme consists in developing an adequate training programme for academics working at economy universities in CEECs and promoting contacts and the exchange of information with training institutions and/or universities from within the EU.
First, the responsibility of the current moment.
Agreements between the United Nations and individual member countries are being negotiated on the application of simplified customs formalities for the movement of relief teams and supplies.
A joint task force has been established in Geneva to follow up the implementation of the memorandum of understanding.
The Commission members may wish to exchange experiences on how Governments are adapting their domestic trade and sectoral policies to this new environment, and on the extent to which they see a case for increased supportive measures to enable commodity-dependent developing countries to diversify.
7. The annual report on procurement for 1997 was issued in June 1998 and submitted to the Executive Board of UNDP at its September 1998 session.
(c) The impact or lack of impact of those articles on the material produced by the secretariat;
The Committee is also concerned about the absence of a legal provision on a minimum age for marriage, and strongly recommends that such a provision be adopted forthwith.
The right to know means that archives should be preserved.
on Agenda Item 39 (Oceans and the Law of the Sea)
Thus, the future modification of an existing mandate, no matter how extensive, would not make it “new”.
In 1996, the proportion of permanent appointments to the total number of staff recruited under the system of desirable ranges was 72 per cent (1,809 out of 2,514 staff).
This was why, as the participants in the UNCTAD regional investment symposium in Fez in June 1997 had stated, it was so important to organize regional meetings in order to continue to analyse the development dimension of international investment treaties.
Furthermore, the interrogators squeezed his throat, forced him to lean backwards until his back was parallel to the floor, punched him in the back and hung him by his handcuffs from a crossbar over the door.
Salaries of internationally recruited staff are estimated on the basis of the 1998 standard cost rates for New York and local salaries reflect the scale currently applicable in the mission area.
Biennial programme of work of the Second Committee for 1999–2000 The Second Committee will, in accordance with established practice and in pursuance of General Assembly decision 38/429, hold a general debate each year at the beginning of its work.
It was particularly relevant, as had been noted by the Commission and others, that the margin at levels D-1 and above had already disappeared.
50. The Board also noted that no physical verification of the stock was undertaken during the biennium.
AGENDA OF THE FIFTY-SECOND REGULAR SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
43. Bank lending and deposits in the West Bank and Gaza Strip have been modest.
Previously, these duties had been carried out by communications staff on temporary assignment from other field missions.
148. The Committee is also concerned about reports relating to the refusal of some health-care providers to give family planning services to sexually active adolescents, despite there being no legal restrictions in this regard.
Requirement of registration with, or membership of, professional organizations could also constitute an obstacle to the person wishing to provide a service on a temporary basis.
II. Summary of the intergovernmental meetings
The Committee is concerned at the continuation of the practice of forcing citizens to attend so—called “informative talks” in spite of a decision of the Constitutional Court and the enactment of the new Law on Criminal Procedures, both of which provide that police may not compel such attendance without a court order.
The Council focused its attention on cooperation and coordination with all international organizations and agencies in combating the drug phenomenon and reducing its proliferation.
33. The Secretary-General, in his bulletin entitled “Building the Future” (ST/SGB/1998/6), emphasized that staff development is a shared responsibility, and that building and maintaining the professional competence of staff is critical to the Organization’s future.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
(b) Continuation of the examination of United Nations public information policies and activities, in the light of the evolution of international relations and of the need to establish the new international economic order and the new world information and communication order;
338. The importance of full respect for legislative mandates and the key role of inter-governmental bodies were emphasized.
In addition to leading the Programme A team, he/she would be responsible for relations with multilateral organizations.
97. At the same time, all demobilized combatants, together with members of the communities where they have settled, have successfully completed a remedial subprogramme implemented jointly by the Organization of American States and the Guillermo Toriello Foundation, with support from UNDP and USAID.
B Calendar of meetings for 1997-1999 45 - 47 16
The Committee is deeply concerned about the high incidence of abandoned children and by the fact that approximately 20 per cent of the children born each year are to adolescent mothers.
for Least-Developed Countries’ Trade Development (UNCTAD/WTO)
The Committee tried to work by consensus, which was the United Nations ideal.
The above figures and case summaries may also suggest that increasing trade will continue to be explored as an opportunity for drug trafficking, in particular in areas where trade facilitation programmes are in place but where adequate law enforcement still needs to be developed.
(c) For conference and other short-term service, under the 300 series of the Staff Rules;
Extradition shall be subject to the other provisions set forth under the legislation of the requested State.
Also participated in the deliberations of the Third, Fourth and Sixth Committees and functioned as an observer at the meetings of the Security Council.
The disposition of assets has been guided by the principles endorsed by the General Assembly in section VII of its resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994.
(d) Note verbale dated 10 July 1998 from the Permanent Mission of Australia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/177).
This upgrade will be all the more necessary if periodic review is genuinely intended as a mechanism to ameliorate some of the shortcomings inherent in the increase of permanent membership by providing the general membership with a reasonable opportunity to replace some or all new permanent members.
The debate took place in a positive and supportive atmosphere - I would even say in an atmosphere of "bridge-building".
1. The objective of the First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006), proclaimed by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/107 of 20 December 1995, is to achieve the goal of eradicating absolute poverty through national action and international cooperation.
The column “Other” for 1997–1998 should read: 1 D-1, 7 P-5, 9 P-4, 11 P-3, 6 P-2/1, 34 subtotal, 13 GS/PL, 81 GS/OL, 4 Trades and Crafts, 98 subtotal and 132 total.
Moreover, non-cash awards have often proven to be more effective than financial incentives.
Statement on the situation in Iraq issued by the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries on 17 December 1998
There has been practically no progress with regard to the other elements of the programme, largely owing to obstacles in the deed registration process by the Land Registry and prolonged delays in the payment to property owners.
11. Additional requirements for the maintenance of UNPREDEP for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 in the amount of $34,438,800 result primarily from the extension of the mandate of the Force beyond 31 August 1998, the increase in its troop strength up to 1,050, in accordance with Security Council resolution 1186 (1998), and additional non-recurrent items in the amount of $1,751,000 which had not been previously included since the Force was expected to be terminated.
(b) Adopt specific targets and timetables to limit or reduce other greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol, including targets and timetables for methane, nitrous oxide and fluorocarbons, in accordance with a programme of additional commitments to be negotiated and adopted by the first Meeting of the Parties.
Consequently, the combined asset should be tested for impairment.
Translators at the P-3 level and revisers/self-revising translators at the P-4 level have increasingly been given the opportunity to expand and/or improve their language skills by attending courses of study at various universities.
27. Although the Office informed the Board that the decentralized purchasing had led to improvements in delivery, the Board was unable to verify this in the absence of data on delivery records.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Creating an overall favourable environment through price stability, reliable economic growth and development prospects, and access to international capital markets were key demands they made on government policy.
I wish to refer to the report of the 7th meeting of persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies (A/51/482) and in particular to paragraph 53 which recommended that “the treaty bodies take a more active role in supporting, suggesting topics for and cooperating in the preparation of studies by the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, as well as by Special Rapporteurs and other experts appointed by the Commission on Human Rights.
The representative of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union) proposed an amendment to the draft resolution.
Palestinian Authority officials were not available for comment on the Israeli Government’s allegations.
170. On 9 September 1997, it was reported that the Jerusalem Municipality had demolished the foundations of an “illegal” structure in the Sawana neighbourhood in Abu Tor.
5. Adoption of the report of the Meeting.
5. Proposed form of institutionalization:
The Secretary-General of the United Nations was urged to adopt on a timely basis a more realistic and understandable format for future UNCTAD programme budgets.
In the area of social development, a national programme for the promotion of women is under preparation with UNDP assistance.
4. Following the mid-term review, CPC considered, at its thirty-seventh and thirty-eighth sessions, the linkages between the New Agenda and the Special Initiative, and concluded that the latter should be used as the implementation arm of the former.
405. The Committee proposes that, in its next report, Mexico should provide more information about existing mechanisms to enable women to seek redress from the courts on the basis of the Convention.
Actuarial sufficiency of the Fund as at 31 December 1997
12. The Board assessed the extent to which the financial statements of the Foundation and Habitat II for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 conform to the United Nations System Accounting Standards.
No amount of money could compensate for the dangers that staff members might be forced to undergo.
AND THEIR DEVELOPMENT DIMENSIONS IN PURSUANCE OF THE MANDATE OF PARAGRAPH 89(b)OF
2. The Government of the Republic of Namibia has never imposed any trade or commercial sanctions against Cuba.
40. The right to reparation entails both individual measures and general, collective measures.
Handled precedent-setting cases to establish the effects of solitary confinement on detainees, the rights of political prisoners in Robben Island Prison to due process in disciplinary matters, and the family violence syndrome as a defence.
The meeting will be chaired by Mr. Miguel Angel Martínez, President of the Inter-Parliamentary Council.
Unlike Ethiopia, Eritrea is actively cooperating on these matters with ICRC and the United Nations agencies in Eritrea as well as the diplomatic community.
1989-1992 Chairman of the Subcommittee on Operation of Conventions in the Criminal Field of the Council of Europe.
11. Decides further that, for Member States that have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Observer Mission, there shall be set off against the apportionment, as provided for in paragraph 9 above, their respective share of the unencumbered balance of 818,300 dollars gross (616,700 dollars net) in respect of the period ending 30 June 1997;
24. As a result, 160 tons of bean seeds, 78 tons of peanut seeds, 1.7 tons of vegetable seeds and 82,000 hoes were provided to the poorest agricultural households by the end of the year in the two provinces of North Kivu and South Kivu.
Firstly, in promoting investment in industries with greater potential for learning, scale economies and productivity growth, the policies served to raise the average rate of return on investment, and hence total profits, thereby stimulating capital accumulation.
Activities and experience in the field of human rights
Its restructuring, the conclusion of a Memorandum of Understanding between the COP and the GEF, the establishment of a Scientific and Technical Advisory Panel, the development of an operational strategy, the institution of expedited procedures for the approval of enabling activities, the institution of a Project Development Funding facility constitute significant milestones in this regard.
In particular, it will work with UNICEF to develop appropriate mine-awareness programmes in refugee camps and with the World Food Programme (WFP) for the safe delivery of food.
220. United Nations European Seminar and/or NGO Symposium on the Question of Palestine [General Assembly resolution 51/23]
At 1115 hours the Lahad militia fired mortar and artillery shells directly at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr, the area around Zillaya and Yuhmur from its position at Ahmadiyah hill.
(a) combustion and/or evolution of considerable heat;
It had before it a document presented by the secretariat (FCCC/SB/1997/2).
The cost of outputs can then be aggregated to the level of meaningful batches (e.g., the cost of all the pre-session documents of a particular body).
11. To that end, pursuant to the provisions of General Assembly resolution 49/233 A, procedures are in place to cover requirements for new and/or expanded missions approved by the Security Council during the budget period.
A worrisome indication of this development, according to the sources, was that Hamas had recruited many female university chemistry students into its ranks over the previous months.
The Bureau welcomes the emerging linkage between human rights and humanitarian issues, leading to an integrated approach to human well-being, and proposes to support the efforts of the United Nations system in this regard, notably those by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs and the Centre for Human Rights.
1. The author of the communication (initial submission dated 15 February 1997) is D.S., a Swedish citizen of Czechoslovak origin, born in 1947, currently residing in Solna, Sweden.
The Government decided in May 1998 to establish a National Demining Office, through which the Lebanese Army and other concerned ministries (Defence, Health, Environment, etc.) will cooperate in completing demining operations throughout the country.
70. UNCTAD provided assistance on risk management issues, primarily in Uganda, the United Republic of Tanzania, Zimbabwe and South Africa.
Governments, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and individuals have their own important responsibilities in this context.
They can serve as an interface with the private sector and other local institutions, synthesize information and translate key information into local languages.
Schedule 1 Status of voluntary contributions pledged at 31 December 1997
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention, its implementation and monitoring within the Government, Parliament and the general public, including concerned non-governmental organizations.
75. In its submission to the Secretary-General dated 7 April 1998, the Commission for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources (CCAMLR) reported that the matter of large-scale drift-net fishing had been discussed at the annual meeting of CCAMLR in 1990.
The practice concerning the composition of this body had been for the President of the General Assembly to consult with the regional groups bearing in mind the principle of equitable geographical distribution.
The universality and indivisibility of human rights and the responsibility for their protection and promotion, together with the promotion of pluralistic democracy and effective guarantees for the rule of law, constitute essential objectives for the European Union as a union of shared values and serve as a fundamental basis for our action.
In the political field, the Summit provides the opportunity to raise the level of dialogue and to share views on the enhancement of democracy and pluralism, the promotion of human rights and the fostering of sustainable development, together with other items on the international agenda of common interest, such as security and the fight against drug trafficking and related crimes.
In all cases, insulation systems approved for this purpose shall:
On 6 August, COHCHR was authorized by the Director of the National Police to interview Danh Teav in prison to monitor his conditions of arrest and detention.
6. Number and distribution of new non-permanent seats.3
Should such a delegation of authority be granted by the Assembly, the recalculated scales for the second and third years would be known by June or July of the previous year.
Secondly, this is what mainly distinguishes them from the acts covered by article 19 of the draft articles on State responsibility.
Paragraph 6.7 Replace with the following:
21. At the fifty-third session, after consultations between the President of the General Assembly and Member States, through regional group chairmen and others, the agreed dates for the general debate are from 21 September to 2 October 1998.
Relating emergency assistance to reconstruction and development
The representative of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union) spoke against the proposal.
47. Reflecting the heightened media outreach orientation of the Department, among recent innovations is a systematic global effort to place in the major international and national media articles on priority issues for the Organization written by the Secretary-General.
Declare their intention to adopt a United Nations special programme for the economies of Central Asia (SPECA) and to embark on its implementation.
1. The Principality of Monaco and its sovereign, His Serene Highness Prince Rainier III, attach considerable importance to the observance, development and strengthening of international humanitarian law.
The electricity market of Sweden depends strongly on hydropower, and therefore on precipitation.
4. Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, to submit at its fifty-fifth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution.
Provisional agenda for the forty-third session of the Board
After each meeting, all participants received a draft copy of the meeting report for comments.
Support was given to financial institutions for both credit risk and financial management, and importance was attached to implementing the programme in rural areas and to promoting local employment opportunities.
We advocate the application of the Convention on Registration of Objects Launched into Outer Space to all space objects since this will provide guarantees for the identification of space objects and their origin, and consequently for the determination of responsibility arising from them and facilitate the application of international obligations in the space field. General Responses
16. Most MFIs, once they have established a good track record and documented their ability to recover loans, should be able to raise money in the financial markets to finance their expansion.
The number of meetings taking place simultaneously should be limited to two, to facilitate the work of small delegations.
(g) to identify policies to favour technological capacity-building innovation and technology flows to developing countries.
(c) Real growth, positive or negative, compared with the previous budget;
Reaffirming the conviction that further advancement in nuclear disarmament will contribute to consolidating the international regime for nuclear non-proliferation ensuring international peace and security,
Despite the allegations made by the Special Rapporteur in paragraph 75 of his report, the Government of Iraq has not been reluctant to meet its economic, social and cultural obligations to the people of Iraq.
Both "with measures" and "without measures" projections have been made.
While that led directly to the drafting and passing of legislation in four countries in the region, the need to sustain UNDCP assistance in the field is clear.
For the general resources programmes, the level of implementation declined from 91 per cent in 1996 to 86 per cent in 1997; those rates are below the assumed implementation benchmark of 93 per cent used for 1995.
It rather contained the views and ideas of the delegation of the Russian Federation on relevant legal issues and the intention was to invite other delegations, in the course of its paragraph-by-paragraph discussion, to improve its content and to make it more concrete on the basis of the existing extensive United Nations practice and documentation in this area.
However, the trend to centralization is likely to reverse within the next decade as smarter ways to cross information system and subsystem boundaries, through mediation and translation, are developed.
Over a decade ago, Mr. Deng Xiaoping proposed, on behalf of the Chinese Government, the fundamental policy of “peaceful reunification and one country, two systems” for the settlement of the Taiwan question.
Furthermore, any direction shall cease to have effect following the death of the participant or former participant.
Furthermore, the Committee recommends that the State party develop measures to better include children with disabilities in society.
53. The Committee notes the high number of women involved in the professional and cultural life of the country and the relatively high percentage of women in the decision-making process.
Item 3: Possible trade and investment impacts of environmental management standards, particularly the ISO 14000 series, on developing countries, and opportunities and needs in this context
These projects accounted for $0.7 million of the outstanding advances.
24. The Board takes note of the action taken.
(c) Based on the current level of total pensionable remuneration, as a "rule of thumb", an increase in administrative/audit costs of $500,000 could be assumed to reflect an actuarial increase in the required rate of contribution of approximately 0.014 per cent of pensionable remuneration.
At its 1st plenary meeting on 30 September, the Conference decided to adopt the rules of procedure as attached to INCD decision 10/6 (see A/52/82, appendix II), with the exception of paragraph 1 of rule 6, paragraph 1 of rule 22, rule 31, and paragraph 1 of rule 47, and to apply provisionally rules 22 and 31 in relation to the size of the Bureau.
It appeared that each agency was busy developing its own systems and would do everything to assert that what other agencies had developed was not suitable to its needs.
Economic and Social Council, substantive session
Elections, nominations, confirmations and appointments
Non-interference in the internal affairs of States
26. During his talks with Mullah Omar, Mr. Brahimi secured agreements from the Taliban leadership on the release of all the Iranians, described by the Islamic Republic of Iran as innocent truck drivers said to have been captured in Mazar-i-Sharif and subsequently transferred for detention in Kandahar.
(c) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the comments of the Joint Inspection Unit on final reports produced by the Office of Internal Oversight Services (A/51/530 and Corr.1);
The pressure vessel should be in compliance with the requirements for the gas(es) contained in the pressure vessel.
18.[ A clean development fund shall be established by the Conference of the Parties to assist the developing country Parties to achieve sustainable development and contribute to the ultimate objective of the Convention.
Ethiopia has no legal basis for detaining these students.
(g) Remote sensing monitoring of the marine environment. An all-dimensional marine monitoring system receiving data from satellites, aircraft and land is being developed to monitor environmental elements such as sea temperature, water colour, sea waves, mud and sand suspending in sea water and superficial oil pollution.
2. The Secretary-General or his representative shall act in that capacity in all meetings of the Conference and its subsidiary organs.
The recent nuclear tests by India and Pakistan highlight the importance of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty.
19. In order to improve safety in the mission area, a fire and safety specialist is required within the General Services Unit at the Field Service level.
8. Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.
18. Following the 1991 uprising in southern Iraq, Ayatollah al-Burujerdi, who at that time had been arrested for three days, began leading the daily prayers in the sacred enclosure of Imam Ali.
All efforts made by his family to locate him have been to no avail and his fate remains unknown.
At least one of these latter Parties used for the recalculation a method different from that used for estimating the base year inventory, yet without recalculating the baseline.
remain in airspace for a certain period of time?
Three of the projects have been implemented in the eastern provinces of North Kivu and South Kivu.
He told me that the continuation of the intercommunal talks was no reason for the government to stop its governmental activities and that I had no right at the intercommunal talks to question those activities.
III. Recommendation of the First Committee
She suggested that the conditions of occupation and the lack of control by the Palestinians over their national resources, including land and water, and restrictions imposed on mobility of people and resources within and outside the Palestinian territories are posing major obstacles on development and planning.
Insofar as the regulations applied only to United Nations staff, FAO had no standing to comment.
1. It is indeed a privilege and a pleasure for me to welcome Member States to the nineteenth session of the Committee on Information.
72. Provision was made under this heading for the production and distribution in Haiti of a television programme entitled “Espace Bleu”, broadcasting of UNSMIH activities on international and national television and subscription to news services.
Nevertheless, one Government has submitted claims for reimbursement for contingent-owned equipment provided to both UNOSOM and ONUMOZ.
Number of staff Overpayment Number of staff
ZONE OF PEACE AND COOPERATION OF THE SOUTH ATLANTIC
Replace the second table in paragraph (b)(i) with the following:
“21. Encourages the human rights treaty bodies to continue to identify specific possibilities for technical assistance, to be provided at the request of the State concerned, in the regular course of their work of reviewing the periodic reports of States parties;
The Beijing Declaration and Platform of Action urge Governments to establish or strengthen appropriate national machineries for the advancement of women and to broaden women’s participation and integrate gender analysis into policies and programmes.
Dining-room and cafeteria facilities Gift Centre
A foreign Power can in fact avail itself of nationals of the country which it proposes to attack in order to do serious harm to that country.
It invited Parties to submit to the secretariat by 15 March 1998 their views on reporting information on finance and transfer of technology and requested the secretariat to compile them for consideration at its eighth session.
Besides extensions of product coverage, across-the-board tariff cuts and reductions of non-tariff barriers, which are not, at present, covered by the GSTP, are important areas for future negotiations.
2. In paragraph 59 of his 1997 report, the Secretary-General had noted that the Assembly might wish to:
The modalities for its preparation are looked to as the model for preparing future programmes and contain many innovations for other areas of the Convention.
(d) Undertake actions and/or activities [leading to] [for] the mobilization of adequate, timely and predictable financial resources, including new and additional funding from the Global Environment Facility of the agreed incremental costs of those activities concerning desertification that relate to its four focal areas, in conformity with the relevant provisions of the instrument establishing the Global Environment Facility.
In aggregate terms, the 17 projects had original lifetime budgets totalling $48.4 million, yet the only quantified targets were a reduction in the production of opium of between 2,800 and 3,200 kilograms in one country and a reduction in coca cultivation of 5,000 hectares in another.
39. The Secretary-General has given a great deal of personal attention to his responsibilities as Chairman of the Administrative Committee on Coordination; to building and strengthening his personal relations with the executive heads of programmes, funds and other bodies of the system and to reinforcing a sense of purpose among them.
D: Vienna Convention on Consular Relations of 1963 (signed at Vienna on 24 April 1963; entered into force on 19 March 1967, in accordance with article 77).
“9. We attach great importance to the diversification of African economies and increased market access for their export products.
2. At its 27th, 29th, 31st, 32nd and 42nd meetings, on 16, 18 and 20 November and 10 December 1998, the Fifth Committee considered the financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors:
If an act of aggression is committed against one of the Parties, the other Parties shall provide the necessary assistance, including military assistance, and shall render support with the means available to them on the basis of the right to collective self-defence in accordance with Article 51 of the Charter of the United Nations.
85. On 2 February, Israeli soldiers clashed with Palestinian protesters for the fourth consecutive day outside Rachel’s Tomb in Bethlehem.
Right of peoples to self-determiniation [111]
Translation and printing in the other official languages are not envisaged owing to the lack of funding.
Notwithstanding the above-mentioned delays, the Secretary-General considered it important that demining activities should start as soon as possible, as decided by the Security Council in its resolution 1148 (1998).
74. At its 398th meeting, on 16 June 1997, the Committee considered the Council's draft calendar of conferences and meetings for 1998 and 1999 (E/1997/L.18 and A/AC.172/1997/CRP.1).
19. The Institute will continue to publish a quarterly NewsLetter, research reports and research papers whilst making some changes to the way in which the publications are presented and distributed.
In another case in 1996, the Unit had solicited supporting documentation in order to settle a claim made in 1992 by a troop-contributing country in the amount of $2.4 million relating to UNTAC operations.
reached USD284.6 billion in 1996 Preliminary data. Source: World Bank.
The Committee recalled the recommendation made at its thirty-seventh session that programmes should be rapidly prepared in the two priority areas of regional cooperation and integration and economic diversification.
12. The expert from the United States of America described the prototype system being used at six border crossings between the United States, Mexico and Canada.
Subsequently the representative of Mauritania informed the Committee that his delegation aligned itself with the statement made by the representative of Morocco.
This situation primarily reflects the reduction in assessment amounts, resulting from the application of accumulated credits in respect of the unencumbered balances of peacekeeping missions.
15. By letter dated 11 August 1998, the Director of Human Rights in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ireland, Barbara Cullinane, referred to article 15.6 of the Constitution of the Republic of Ireland, section 312 of the Defence Act of 1954 and sections 1 and 2 of the Prisoners of War and Enemy Aliens Act of 1956 that could be applicable to the suppression of mercenary activities.
United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, con-cluded at New York on 9 May 1992
41/128 Declaration on the right to development
This is a political rather than a financial problem and, as such, it cannot be successfully resolved by technical means.
1. Strategy of the Office of the Prosecutor
Effective protection doubles in the United States and Canada from the stage of the leather industry to that of footwear production (from 7 to 12 per cent and 15 to 32 per cent, respectively), and rises even more steeply in Malaysia (from 16 to 44 per cent).
2. The Council of the University, its governing body, held its forty-fourth session at UNU headquarters in Tokyo from 1 to 5 December 1997.
The principle of the long-term perspective is inseparably interrelated with the preceding principle.
She expressed her gratitude to a number of Governments for their Trust Fund contributions and expressed her hope that traditional donors would renew their commitments and new donors would come forward.
The activities will be underpinned by a holistic approach linking the development of legislation and the strengthening of forensic services, the judiciary and law enforcement, as well as anti-money-laundering measures.
Mr. Uladzimir Scherbau, Third Secretary at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
The Special Committee was informed that article 277 of the Israeli Criminal Law stipulated that no Government employee was allowed to use force to obtain information from a third party.
33. Within the framework of the Agreement on Technical Cooperation in Statistical Matters between OAS and ECLAC, signed on 7 October 1993, the second Joint Meeting of High-Level Statistical Experts took place at ECLAC headquarters from 15 to 18 October 1996.
The Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women invites delegations to propose names for panellists to participate in the forty-second session of the Commission (2-13 March 1998).
Esteemed people's deputies, I hope you will be encouraged to do so by the following figure: concessions currently swallow up approximately one fifth of the income to budgets at all levels.
With globalization and liberalization, the world market for commodities is being reshaped and becoming more complex.
B. Recommendations adopted by the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East at its thirty-second session 2-7 8
It was suggested that the Organization consider the question of authors’ rights. It was also suggested that there be more coordination within the United Nations system on publications policies.
Thus separate guidelines are not needed in this respect.
It has not been too long since the two superpowers realized the inefficacy of a “minimum deterrence” presupposing an acceptance of nuclear biological and chemical weapons and the possibility of mutual annihilation.
Protectionism and isolationism are not valid responses to the challenge of globalization.
(b) In paragraph 6.10 (b), after economic insert and social;
3. The Committee was informed that the related comments of the Administrative Committee on Coordination on the JIU report would be submitted to the General Assembly in due course.
An objective indication of the strengths of the report and the strength of the delegation is generally included.
The four RF-4 violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, the first two flying over and along the areas of the Cape of Kormakitis, Karpasia and the Cape of Cavo Greco, while the other two flew along the areas of the Cape of Kormakitis, Nicosia and Famagusta; all four aircraft returned afterwards to the Ankara FIR.
– To consider the possibility of declaring a moratorium on all the debts of the most seriously affected countries, where possible.
II. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
International cooperation in general and UNCTAD’s activities in particular could make a major contribution to assisting enterprises from the informal sector in graduating to the formal sector.
Free services are often provided by government institutions, but sometimes also by non-governmental centres and networks, depending upon the financial support they derive from, national and/or international institutions.
Nine per cent of the Division’s procurement was from developing countries, which was up from 0.07 per cent in 1996.
Others proposed that the link to development should be maintained.
If there is a net gain, this is credited to miscellaneous income.
The draft report of the Secretary-General for the special session on the further implementation of the Programme of Action, to be prepared by UNFPA in consultation with the Population Division, will be submitted to the open-ended session of the Commission.
As indicated in paragraph 105 below, the delegation of authority and decentralization within the system is not yet uniform.
The organization had found the workshop most useful for its staff, despite the fact that Montreal was a duty station where a great deal of diversity existed also outside the organization.
In addition, an expert group meeting on the impact of the peace process was convened in June 1997 to review Arab-Israeli industrial relations, and a subsequent study analysed the changes that have taken place in the trade, financial and industrial sectors of selected ESCWA countries.
Another feature of the deteriorated Palestinian external trade sector is the almost total concentration of trade with one partner.
In this context, the Presidents called on the parties involved in the settlement process to manifest good will and State wisdom and to cooperate constructively within the Commission on National Reconciliation.
A seminar held in Hong Kong in January 1996 provided training for drug control administrators from south-east Asia (Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei Darussalam, Cambodia, India, Indonesia, Japan, Lao People's Democratic Republic, Malaysia, Mongolia, Myanmar, Pakistan, Philippines, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Thailand and Viet Nam, together with Hong Kong and Macao).
Between 0000 and 0230 hours Israeli forces and their client militia fired a number of 120-mm shells at Sujud and the area around Tallat Sujud and Tallat Rizlan from their positions at Ksarat al-Urush and on Tallat Sujud and Tallat Rizlan.
Reference was made to recent developments of relevance to the Near and Middle East region and the work of the Subcommission.
7A.6 The programme of work of the Division for the Advancement of Women was modified to respond to the recommendations of the Fourth World Conference on Women and to subsequent resolutions of the General Assembly on the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action of the Conference.
(b) "Parties" means Parties to the Convention;
The Committee was informed that the decrease is mainly attributable to lower requirements for military contingents, and to increased vacancy factors based on actual staffing from July to October 1998.
(d) Identify, promote and provide advice about innovative methods and incentives for mobilizing and channelling resources.
It is a positive and not an evil force, but it is also blind and therefore needs to be carefully harnessed.
Principle 21 Jurisdiction of international criminal courts
6. The Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division of the Secretariat and the United Nations International Drug Control Programme were represented.
I am glad to say that many of the recommendations concerning the use of cost-effective technological innovations endorse initiatives already under way in the Library.
Administrative and operating budget. The INCD 10 Resolution on "Identification of an Organization to House the Global Mechanism" requests an estimation of the budgetary implications of the Global Mechanism.
4. Participant, Secretary-General’s Task Force on Environment and Human Settlements
Technical problems related to quality control and standards, grading, storage, packing, etc. need attention so as to upgrade Palestinian products to international standards.
During the interviews for the re-advertised post, the author claims, she was told that she was overqualified;
Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan
The Office of Internal Oversight Services made the following observations:
8. Decides to appropriate to the Special Account for the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara the additional amount of 37,250,460 dollars gross (34,445,260 dollars net) for the operation of the Mission for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, taking into account the amount of 22,749,540 dollars gross (21,473,540 dollars net) already appropriated for the period from 1 July to 31 October 1998 under the provisions of its resolution 52/228 B;
In this connection, it is noted that no increase to the support account share of rental of premises costs has been requested in connection with the request for additional support account posts (bearing in mind that the common services costs for gratis personnel had been absorbed previously).
Section 16. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.17 and Rev.1
181. The Committee notes that there have been significant gains in the status of women in the Czech Republic, particularly with regard to education and participation in economic life, as well as social support services, such as child care.
We have audited the accompanying financial statements, comprising statements 1 to III, schedules 1 to 6, and the supporting notes of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund for the financial period ended 31 December 1997.
Brindisi, Italy Recalling section XIV of its resolution 49/233 of 23 December 1994,
Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Subsidiary Body for Implementation at its first session in 1998 on the implementation of paragraph 3 above;
In this regard, it recommends that the role and resources of the Ghana National Commission on Children be reinforced within as well as outside the government sphere.
The eight UNRWA vocational and technical training centres in the Agency’s five fields of operation had a total enrolment of 4,560 in the 1997/1998 school year, an increase of 116 over the previous year (see annex I, table 5).
Grand Cross of the "Orden del Sol" of Peru.
A series of workshops will be organized to disseminate information on the budget, especially to women’s groups, and results of studies will be presented to the Parliament to influence its discussions on the budget.
The Geneva Office's personnel service pointed out that the review had been a one-time exercise, had been time-consuming and had been undertaken over a period of some six months whenever staff could be released from their normal duties.
(ix) “Palestinian children under curfew”;
33. The view was also expressed by some delegations that while there was no need to pre-empt the Sixth Committee from deciding how it should deal with the report of the group of experts, the Special Committee could, nevertheless, express its views within certain parameters on the manner in which it felt the report should be considered by the Sixth Committee.
It would therefore be inappropriate to recognize such asbestos removal as a separate asset.
Alian is said to have served 10 years in prison for planning to blow up a government building in East Jerusalem in the 1980s and for attacking a prison guard.
(g) Finalize and submit the progress report on the status of women without further delay;
4. Implementation by States of the region of recommendations adopted by the Eighth Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Africa.
Many stress, however, that the strengthening of the resident coordinator system should not be an objective in itself but should lead to a better linkage of United Nations system activities with national objectives and improved support to national development programmes.
For example, to date five specialized conferences discussing methods of CO2 observations and analysis have been sponsored by WMO (Bern 1981, Interlaken 1985, Hinterzarten 1989, Carqueiranne 1993 and Cairns 1997).
36. Early detection and implementation of corrective actions are crucial to the proper treatment of underperformance.
Item 2 (c) and (f) of the provisional agenda
(d) Community involvement in the planning and implementation of disaster reduction measures.
It was suggested that there might be utility in having the Board coordinate activities dealt with by different bodies in the field of early warning and preventive peaceful settlement of disputes.
“19. Requests the Secretary-General of the United Nations, in collaboration with the secretariat of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution, developments in the multilateral trading system and the implementation of the ministerial communiqué on market access adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 8 July 1998.”
26. At the 1496th meeting, on 13 July 1998, the representative of Papua New Guinea introduced draft resolution A/AC.109/L.1878/Rev.1.
As an indicative cost estimate, these organizations as a whole assume a cost of approximately $4 million per annum in respect of services to some 23,876 active participants employed by them as of the end of 1997 (35.2 per cent of the total number of active participants).
Finally, category 4 gathers persons who committed offences against property.
And the modest budget allotted to the Court is a minute and diminishing proportion of the budget of the United Nations.
1. At its thirty-sixth session, in 1993, the Commission on Narcotic Drugs adopted resolution 13 (XXXVI) in which it established a budget cycle for the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) and a methodology that it would follow in its consideration of budgetary matters.
In cases of misinformation, it would ensure that necessary steps are taken to provide the media with an accurate picture.
48/209 Operational activities for development: field offices of the United Nations development system
The Secretary-General should base his decisions regarding the enhancement of the participation of developing country experts on the principle of equitable geographical representation and beneficiary needs;
1. Statements made in an official language shall be interpreted into the other official languages.
Patrons are not permitted to take photographs.
Article 24, paragraph 1, of the CCD provides that COP 1 shall decide on the terms of reference of the Committee on Science and Technology.
Communication of institutional information to the permanent secretariat
Such a work plan should, inter alia, include a schedule for the preparation and distribution of the in-depth review for each Party, subject to modification in response to requests by the Parties concerned (see document FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4).
The attack was timed to coincide with the Israeli-Palestinian summit meeting taking place in Maryland, and was clearly intended to undermine its success.
In calculating the period between the dates of separation and re-entry into participation under article 21 (a) no recognition shall be given to any intervening non-contributory service even if subsequently validated under article 23.
Those doses vary between different regions of the world having different levels of health care and there is also a wide range of diagnostic and therapeutic doses that can be received during a particular treatment.
Child labour in Cambodia remains a serious concern.
898. In the light of article 4 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that priority be given in budget allocations to the realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of children, with particular emphasis on the enjoyment of these rights by disadvantaged children.
We are, however, disappointed by the inaccurate way some of those commitments were presented in the above-mentioned letter.
African Development Bank (General Assembly resolution 42/10)
The Prime Minister of Japan and the President of the Russian Federation,
Acknowledging that, in accordance with the principle of common but differentiated responsibilities, Parties to the Convention and to this protocol/another legal instrument shall in the future re-examine the impact of global efforts to combat climate change and the adverse effects thereof,
Air traffic control services and equipment
By the same resolution, the Assembly decided to continue to use the Special Account for UNTAES for the Support Group beginning on 16 January 1998.
The Secretary-General is therefore proposing that the post for the communications and information function be at the Under-Secretary-General level.
To this end, it has tried to organize an underground organization called “People’s Front for Democracy and Justice”.
Cost estimates for the period from 27 March to 30 June 1998
129. On 3 December, security forces uncovered a weapons cache in the village of Abadiyah, south of Bethlehem.
(c) Few countries until recently have been aware of the need for coherence between macro and micro policies.
In that connection, some members expressed the view that the overall level of debt itself constituted a significant burden and that that fact was better reflected in the version of the debt-burden adjustment based on a proportion of debt stocks of Member States affected.
124. The major advantage of biosensors over conventional sensors is that they yield results more quickly, can be more sensitive and are more selective.
From that day onwards, no Ethiopian citizen has left Asmara via the Mendeferra road.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 27.
Having reviewed the issues before it at its forty-ninth session, including the annual theme on international solidarity and burden-sharing in all its aspects: national, regional and international responsibilities for refugees, and the report on the work of the Standing Committee,19 and having in mind the decisions and conclusions adopted at its forty-ninth session:
Each State or government shall designate a national correspondent or a national commission to liaise with the Administrator-General.
(b) Receive official telephone calls, telegrams and cables requiring follow-up action after normal working hours;
“(e) The full support, by Member States, of the activities of UNRWA and ICRC in the occupied territories in order to enable both organizations to maintain and improve the assistance provided to the refugee population and to detained persons;
January-February 1998 Formulate questionnaire UNEP and UofA
Thematic groups increase the participation of various United Nations system organizations in the resident coordinator system.
IFAD International Fund for Agricultural Development
1057. While acknowledging that efforts have been made by the State party to promote awareness of the provisions of the Convention through the print and electronic media, the schools and village campaigns, the Committee remains concerned that insufficient steps have been taken to promote awareness and understanding of the principles and provisions of the Convention.
Also expressing its appreciation for the report of the Secretary-General of 13 April 1998 on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa, A/53/871–S/1998/318. and in this context takes note of the ongoing consideration by the Security Council of the issue of illicit arms flows to and in Africa,
Numerous serious crimes were perpetrated in those operations, which provoked a hurried exodus of hundreds of thousands of Serbs and, so far, no criminal charges have been brought against the perpetrators.
17. Decides further that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 16 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of 488,900 dollars approved for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998;
Since one seat from among the Asian States and one seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States remained to be filled, the General Assembly proceeded to a fourth round of balloting restricted to the countries which had obtained the largest number of votes in the second round of balloting and which had maintained their candidature, namely Oman (104) from among the Asian States, and Peru (91) and Guatemala (76) from among the Latin American and Caribbean States.
Further possible subjects to be entrusted to ad hoc panels could be the development of a methodology to establish an inventory of relevant research which could facilitate the setting up of research priorities on a global and regional basis, and inventories of traditional knowledge.
In other incidents, a Palestinian youth was slightly injured when he was stabbed with a piece of broken glass outside the Damascus Gate in the Old City of Jerusalem.
(d) Note by the Secretary-General on the election of 11 members of the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund (E/1998/L.1/Add.2);
A focal point for year 2000 issues has been established.
1. The present report is submitted in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 52/68 of 10 December 1997, the operative part of which reads as follows:
The Committee continued its joint consideration of the items.
All countries have specific locational advantages of some kind that can be developed and marketed.
Provision is also made in the amount of $76,500 for death and disability.
Legal Adviser to Philippine delegations to the United Nations General Assembly.
One may then legitimately ask how the confidentiality of medical and genetic data may be protected and what precautions should be taken to safeguard them; for instance, who should manage these data banks and for how long should data be preserved?
Accept, Sir, the assurances of my highest consideration.
2. Meetings of the subsidiary bodies shall be held in private unless the Conference of the Parties decides otherwise.
For combatants, provision is made for rations based on the following rates: (a) $10 per person per day ($9 for food and $1 for bottled water) for the first 7 days; and (b) $5 per person per day for 53 days thereafter ($2,010,000).
Throughout the process, a development team that includes staff with database and costing skills and staff knowledgeable in conference services and United Nations budgeting and accounting procedures, as well as an oversight group that would advise the team and provide assistance as needed, would be required.
20. The accuracy of any cost-accounting system depends on the accessibility and validity of the data available.
Upon the initiative of the secretariat, or promptly following delivery to the secretariat of a written request by any Party to the Convention, the secretariat shall undertake an in-depth review of the information contained in a communication or certification submitted by a Party pursuant to paragraph 158 for the purpose of clarifying or supplementing, and making assessments with regard to the completeness and apparent accuracy of all or part of such information.
5. The advancement of women, the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women1 and gender mainstreaming were prominent themes at the sessions of the Economic and Social Council in 1998, and the United Nations system continued its active follow-up to the Beijing Conference during the period under review.
It may also wish to affirm the guiding principles contained in section VI of the above-mentioned report (E/1997/110).
40. The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights considered Nigeria’s initial report (E/1990/5/Add.31) at its eighteenth session in April/May 1998 and in its concluding observations (E/C.12/1/Add.23) noted with concern that due to economic and administrative mismanagement, corruption, runaway inflation and the rapid devaluation of the Naira, Nigeria now ranks among the world’s 20 poorest countries.
14. Provision under premises is made for the following:
(e) The lack of major reconstruction in Afghanistan;
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
I. CONCLUSIONS AND RECOMMENDATIONS ADOPTED BY THE COMMITTEE ON THE RIGHTS OF THE CHILD AT ITS TWELFTH TO SEVENTEENTH SESSIONS . 1
Recalling its resolution 43/217 of 21 December 1988,
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financial performance of the support account for peacekeeping operations during the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 (A/52/838) and the estimated requirements for the support account for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 (A/52/837) .
“4. The right to raise points of order related to the proceedings on Palestinian and Middle East issues, provided that the right to raise such a point of order shall not include the right to challenge the decision of the presiding officer.”
Letter dated 12 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Eritrea to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/494–S/1998/949)
- A framework for the measurement of greenhouse gas concentrations is in place but to understand their sources and sinks requires measuring transport and flux in both the horizontal and vertical.
Each programme is multisectoral, covering prevention and reduction of drug abuse, elimination of illicit crops, suppression of illicit drug trafficking and intersectoral activities, and has been developed in line with the mandates of UNDCP and the Fund policy outlined above.
The older United Nations premises in Addis Ababa and the premises of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) in Santiago had not been inspected by representatives of either the broker or the policy underwriters since the early 1980s.
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
93. The Committee further welcomes the extensive answers provided by the delegation to its questions.
They further recommended the use of surveys to identify the needs of target groups and to evaluate the impact of these measures, programmes and agencies.
However, it was recognized that some of the LDCs are becoming competitive in international markets and a revision of the GSP is likely to be a politically difficult task.
It assesses the policies and programme activities that countries have implemented in order to improve health and reduce mortality.
Expected fund balances as at 1 January 1996
47. It is clear that improvement in reporting will require adjustments to current managerial practices and the integration of monitoring and evaluation as a management tool within existing oversight mechanisms.
Ms. Nilda Rexach, National Advancement for Puerto Rican Culture
It provides for the maintenance of the Mission at the authorized strength of 203 military observers, 186 contingent personnel, 7 force orderly personnel and 81 civilian police observers, supported by a civilian establishment of 285 international staff, 105 locally recruited personnel and 10 observers from the Organization of African Unity (OAU).
As indicated below, the change from gross to net budgeting has been effected smoothly, with no change in the ability to operate of those entities previously budgeted on a gross basis.
Statements were made by the representatives of Cuba, Germany, Cameroon and Uganda.
29. Takes note of the statement on gender equality and mainstreaming in the work of the United Nations system, adopted by the Administrative Committee on Coordination in March 1998, in which gender equality was established as a strategic objective of the international community and of the organizations of the United Nations system;
However, there has been no special analysis of the question of discrimination in respect of the right to freedom of movement and related issues in the legislation of the States of the former Yugoslavia.
With respect to the status of reimbursement to troop-contributing Governments, it was confirmed that payments have been made through June 1996 (see A/52/730/Add.3, para. 13).
Identifying appropriate government support, however, depends on national circumstances and may be a complex issue.
It can take place without the intervention of a decision maker and should be planned following informed and strategic actions.
(l) Creation of ad hoc panel(s) of experts, if necessary with their terms of reference
The Special Representative wishes to stress the need for adequate measures to ensure their security and to facilitate their reintegration into society.
An explanatory memorandum is annexed to the present letter, in accordance with rule 20 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly (see annex).
201. The Committee expresses deep concern in connection with the reproductive health of Panamanian women and an apparent setback in the treatment of the right to abortion in cases where the pregnancy is the result of rape.
A 60 to 70 square metre ground floor house on a plot of land covering half a dunum cost between $47,000 and $49,000.
(a) Projects and plans for the Judaization of Jerusalem during the first half of 1998;
73. The position of Universal Postal Union (UPU) Regional Adviser for the countries of Europe and the CIS was established in January 1996, with an office at Bratislava.
2. The present report has been prepared accordingly, on the assumption that all of the recommendations made by the Board of Auditors in its report on the biennium ended 31 December 19971 would be approved by the General Assembly at its current session.
In some instances, however (i.e., Bong and the south-eastern part of Liberia), WFP has provided material and monetary support for infrastructure repairs.
and the remaining paragraphs were renumbered accordingly;
Through its commitment to international resolutions, Lebanon insists not only on preserving its own higher interests, as is its right and duty, but on its respect for the credibility of international legitimacy.
The existence of this reality does not mean, however, that we in the Department of Public Information must give up in despair.
10. The Programme of Action says that “all countries should give priority to measures that improve the quality of life and health by ensuring a safe and sanitary living environment for all population groups”.
On 10 September, the Taliban announced the recovery of nine bodies, consisting of eight diplomats and one journalist.
The number of resolutions in the Second Committee was dramatically reduced from 46 in 1994 to 28 in 1996 but slightly increased to 31 in 1997.
The international community has an essential role in contributing to the financial stability of East Asian countries.
The school, as an essential element in the educational system, may constitute an essential and preferred vehicle for the prevention of intolerance and discrimination through the dissemination of a culture of human rights.
29. Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba (item 29).
Since the signing of the Oslo Agreements hundreds of Israelis have died from brutal terrorist attacks emanating from territory under the control of the Palestinian Authority.
In welcoming the participants, he informed delegates that the Chairman of the SBI, Mr. Mahmoud Ould El Ghaouth (Mauritania), was not able to attend this session because of the ill health of a member of his familyThe Chairman resumed his functions on Monday, 27 October.
New approaches, attitudes, methods and responses are required throughout the United Nations system if we are to meet this challenge effectively.
3 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 23 (A/52/23).
Palestinian psychologists were therefore compelled to meet with Israeli psychologists abroad.
Pupillage in the Chambers of King Hamilton, Q.C., with Norman Wiggins; Temple, London.
While the response by participants was invariably positive, further efforts were inevitably necessary to:
The unutilized balance of $47,400 under this heading was attributable to the cancellation of the film project (see para. 72 above) and lower actual cost of other public information activities undertaken by UNSMIH.
249. At a meeting in Moscow in May 1996, a proposed agreement between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Board had been negotiated covering the situation of former participants, with at least five years of contributory service, who transferred their accrued UNJSPF pension rights under the provisions of the Fund's transfer agreement with the former USSR.
Such data are now available in several publications, most notably in the Global Report on Crime and Justice,Forthcoming, Oxford University Press (1998). which offers a comprehensive review of the state of crime in the world, addressing topics as diverse as punishment, policing strategies, crime prevention, firearm regulation, drug control and organized crime.
In article 38(e) of the Rules, the Governing Council provided that the Panel:
2. Expresses its appreciation for the contribution of several Member States to the realization of projects and activities aimed at the promotion of tolerance and non-violence, especially by means of education;
52. However, these criticisms are not sufficient arguments on their own for doing away with a government support structure for SMEs.
Neither the Committee nor its subsidiary machinery is structured, in periodicity or participation, for “managing coordination” in the field on a day-to-day basis.
“Taking note of the first conclusions of the United Nations advisory missions sent to the affected countries of the subregion by the Secretary-General to study the best way of curbing the illicit circulation of small arms and ensuring their collection,
B. Low Earth orbit scientific space programmes
6. The overall goal of the Programme is to give indigenous peoples the opportunity to gain knowledge and skills in the field of international human rights in order to assist their organizations and communities in protecting and promoting the human rights of their people.
Moreover, the author of the article, Naser Ahmad, is employed by the Palestinian Authority's Political Guidance Directorate.
I have the honour to transmit the text of resolution 1200 (1998), adopted unanimously by the Security Council at its 3934th meeting, held on 30 September 1998.
Those responses generally favour a greater degree of cooperation, while recognizing the differences in mandates.
1. Transportation: use of motor vehicles, parking and related matters
In our opinion, these financial statements present fairly, in all respects, the financial position at 31 December 1997 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period then ended in accordance with the Organization’s stated accounting policies set out in note 2 to the financial statements which were applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding financial period.
(b) loss of life or personal injury occurring, whether on land or on water, in direct 3/ The Group is divided as to the retention or deletion of the word “direct”. connection with the operation of the ship;
“Expresses concern over and deplores all nuclear tests for whatever purpose, and urges cessation of all such tests in the future”.
33. In its effort to increase the role of women, WFP initiated gender activities in both development and relief projects in Africa.
(c) A relationship agreement between the Court and the United Nations;
As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
As I now lead Israel into negotiations with the Palestinians with a permanent status, I want to reassure you of my personal commitment to seeing these negotiations through, for the benefit of all the inhabitants of the region. (Signed) Ariel SHARON
Standard troop cost reimbursement Welfare
To that end, the subprogramme will focus in particular on the involvement of society and non-governmental organizations and promoting understanding of the multidimensional nature of the drug problem.
With regard to forestry, issues such as certification of environmentally sound products were being closely monitored.
“2. Calls upon all States and other actors to contribute to the successful outcome of the second session of the Conference of the Parties at Dakar;
21. Until the recent economic upturn, however, resource inflows were more than offset by terms of trade losses.
Opposition, however, was voiced to its inclusion.
The Secretary-General then addressed the meeting.
Four key issues were discussed: (i) the case for positive measures; (ii) experiences in accessing environmentally sound technologies and capacity-building; (iii) financial resources for promoting sustainable development, and the role of market-based instruments in promoting sustainable development; and (iv) the role of incentives for biodiversity conservation and for promoting sustainable development.
57. Statistics reflect a persistent and negative effect of the genocide on social indicators, suggesting a difficult path to reconstruction.
(i) By immediately issuing as many mission start-up kits as are required.
It should be recalled that the Commission at its thirty-ninth session decided that the objective should be to ensure that the draft declaration would be ready for adoption by the special session.
In the interim work will be carried out in terms of an integrated assessment of the epidemiological situation and country-specific case studies carried out by indigenous organizations.
7. Periodically, assets and liabilities in currencies other than United States dollars are revalued for accounting purposes at the prevailing United Nations operational rates of exchange.
They did not just reallocate given resources among various sectors, but also significantly increased the overall rate of accumulation in a number of ways.
— APEC region seminars: speakers and panelists contributed by OECD to a variety of seminars on competition policy in the APEC region, including: Taiwan Province of China 1995, New Zealand 1995 (APEC), Philippines 1996 (APEC), Republic of Korea 1996, 1997 (Korean Fair Trade Commission, Korean Development Institute), Thailand 1996 (APEC).
(k) United Nations African and Middle East regional preparatory conference for UNISPACE III, organized in cooperation with the Government of Morocco.
(c) Identify in each case, benefiting from the expert advice of the appropriate programmes, funds and agencies, specific peace-building activities that could strengthen the Secretary-General’s political effort, and could be initiated by them in accordance with their existing mandates, lines of authority and funds and arrangements;
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
GSP benefits are in many cases also affected by rules of origin.
The President of the General Assembly of the United Nations
Programme expenditure incurred by Governments and executing agencies
A full-text version of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court is also available at the site.
Statements in explanation of vote, after the vote, were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), the Russian Federation, Jamaica, Australia and China.
Contributions of the Voluntary Fund will not exceed US$ 50,000.
(c) Reduce energy losses and greenhouse gas emissions from the production, transport and distribution of energy;
The audit identified deficiencies in the recruitment process, including inadequate methods for identifying qualified candidates, inefficient pre-employment clearances, and inadequate delegation of human resources management authority.
45/5 Fulfilling the objectives of the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction in the ESCAP region
725. While taking note of the measures taken in the field of law reform, including the intention to adopt a children's act, the Committee notes with concern that currently several provisions of the law are incompatible with the provisions and principles of the Convention, especially in the fields of civil rights, adoption and juvenile justice.
3. International and local staff salaries.
Upon the instructions of my Government, I am writing to you following the statement of the Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Croatia, His Excellency Dr. Mate Granic, in the general debate in the General Assembly on 28 September 1998.
It constitutes the foundation for national, regional and global policies to advance and ensure human dignity worldwide.
The Spokesman for the Secretary-General holds a background briefing at 12.30 p.m. daily in room S-0226 for press officers of delegations.
The Committee also noted that, in recent years, all but a few Member States falling under Article 19 at the beginning of a year had taken measures to make the necessary minimum payments to regain their vote in the General Assembly before the end of the year.
7. Provisional agenda for the nineteenth session.
It is noteworthy, nevertheless, that the earlier trend, particularly in the mid-1980s, of using small aeroplanes for cocaine trafficking from South America through the Caribbean and Mexico to the United States seems to have reduced.
41. According to the report issued by the Commission of Inquiry on 20 August 1998, the obligation to suppress the use of forced or compulsory labour was violated in Myanmar in national law as well as in actual practice in a widespread and systematic manner, with total disregard for the human dignity, safety and health and basic needs of the people.
56. The Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action calls upon Governments to recognize the value and diversity of indigenous people’s cultures and social organization.
People are protesting against setbacks and failures in the social and economic sphere; they do not understand and do not accept protracted and fruitless conflicts between branches of power and their bodies at various levels.
85. The representative of the Secretariat stated that a number of steps had been taken over the past year to reduce paper output, thanks in part to a wider access to the optical disk system.
Letter dated 5 March 1992 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Belgium to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/23685).
1. Consistent with General Assembly resolution 52/53 and its stand on the issue of Jerusalem, the Philippines has expressed its support for Security Council resolution 478 by choosing to maintain its embassy in Tel Aviv rather than transfer to Jerusalem. As a matter of policy, the Government of the Philippines continues to stress whenever possible, and in the appropriate fora, the importance of Israel adhering to the above-mentioned resolutions.
Assessed contributions receivable from Member Statesd
Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations [142]
In disciplinary cases, the publication of our investigative reports with the details of the investigative activity and our findings and recommendations can only be considered after the entire and very lengthy disciplinary process, involving OHRM, the Joint Disciplinary Committee and, eventually, the Administrative Tribunal, has been exhausted.
Taking note also of the report of the Secretary-General on questions relating to information, A/53/509.
61. Other meetings were held on related topics, for example, the Expert Meeting on European Women’s Thesaurus, held at Brussels on 16 and 17 May 1998, organized by a consortium of NGOs, and the meeting entitled “Electronic Networking and Resourcing: Strategies for Women’s Information Centres”, held at Manila from 20 to 23 April 1998, organized by Isis International, Manila.
United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
This participation has proven to be a very useful addition to the regular intergovernmental work of the Organization.
6. The total savings of $23,900 was incurred as a result of the wet-lease arrangements.
Agenda item 55 (Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte)
The Council should also address cross-cutting policy issues relating to operational activities as well as to resources.
The review concluded that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations had made a concerted effort to follow through on the recommendations.
1. In accordance with paragraph 88 of annex I to General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Council held a special high-level meeting with the Bretton Woods institutions on 18 April 1998 (4th meeting).
41. One of the main types of output produced by the Secretariat is parliamentary services, the reports and substantive servicing necessary for intergovernmental processes to be successful.
In addition, it was important that such a database provide current and complete information for the annual margin calculations and improve planning for the annual post adjustment place-to-place surveys.
240 Add “or sodium batteries” after “powered by wet batteries”.
The Committee further recommends that the Convention in its entirety be translated into vernacular languages.
The CST may also wish to consider how to deal with the follow-up of any decision it may take with respect to the commissioning of the survey and evaluation concerned, for example, by establishing a small group of experts (which could take the form of an ad hoc panel, to be appointed by the COP) to review a draft of the survey and evaluation and provide comments prior to its being finalized for a subsequent COP.
37. The provisions of a nuclear-weapon-free zone should be in conformity with the principles and rules of international law, including those under the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea, in particular the freedom of the high seas and the rights of passage through maritime zones or spaces.
"It is obvious that the intention of the Turkish Government and Mr. Denktash is to turn Cyprus from an independent and sovereign State into two protectorates, which will be subject not only to the unacceptable restrictions imposed by the Treaty of Guarantee but to other worse one-sided restraints and restrictions, such as those included in the association agreement between Turkey and the occupation regime, which has already been deplored.
This estimate covers the cost of a wide range of supplies used in all offices throughout the Force, including the cost of reproduction supplies and printing of forms.
Item 11. Right of peoples to self-determination;a
Through the organization of the Non-Governmental Organization Forum for Social Development, held jointly with the Friedrich Ebert Foundation in 1998 prior to the session of the Commission, and the Issues Forum, held during sessions of the Commission, ICSW provided an opportunity to non-governmental organizations, representatives of Governments and officials of the United Nations to exchange views and share perspectives on issues debated by the Commission.
The General Assembly at its fifty-third session should express deep concern at the present conflict situations in many parts of the world that could endanger international peace and security and international cooperation.
Cost of operating warehousing facilities for 18 months
6. Port facilities and services: The maintenance of port infrastructure and equipment remains an important item in governments' future action.
[(a) Providing [consultative] [technical] [financial] assistance to Parties in relation to difficulties they encounter in the course of implementation, including :
All the more so because the urgent request by the Ethiopian Government that the High Commissioner press upon the Eritrean Government to respect fully the rights of Ethiopians illegally detained in Eritrea remains unanswered.
The United Nations resolutions foresee a new partnership in Cyprus as the common home of the two peoples and contain elements pertaining to the absolute political equality of the two sides and a settlement which would be mutually acceptable.
Support was expressed for the suggestion that the usefulness of the legislative guide might be enhanced by providing the reader, where appropriate, with model legislative provisions on issues discussed within the guide.
Status of Nepalese legislation affecting the rights of women to land and other productive assets. FAO, Bangkok.
While the cost of a formal appraisal of the building may prove prohibitive, the Office of Internal Oversight Services suggests seeking professional advice on methods of determining the insurable value of the Headquarters premises (AM/97/71/5/007);
This will include further integration of the Humanitarian Early Warning System, the Integrated Regional Information Networks, and ReliefWeb”.
The Council takes note with interest of the experiences of those countries where, upon the request of Governments concerned, human rights officers are becoming an integral part of United Nations country teams to provide input in the formulation and implementation of their respective programmes.
The Committee welcomes the decision of the Government to submit a yearly report to the Cabinet and Parliament on measures taken to implement the rights set forth in the Convention.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
48. The implementation of the Lusaka Peace Accord has been unfortunately impeded by the failure of UNITA to fulfil its obligations.
A witness stated that houses had been demolished before the expiry of that period.
1. Each State has a prime responsibility and duty to protect, promote and implement all human rights and fundamental freedoms, inter alia, by adopting such steps as may be necessary to create all conditions necessary in the social, economic and political as well as other fields and the legal guarantees required to ensure that all persons under its jurisdiction, individually and in association with others, are able to enjoy all those rights and freedoms in practice.
17. Welcomes the invitation to visit the country extended to the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Nigeria;
The unutilized balance of $16,300 was due to the phased repatriation of the civilian police, with the last three observers departing on 2 June 1997.
Accordingly, the representatives of Antigua and Barbuda, the Russian Federation and Samoa, who are serving as Vice-Presidents for a second consecutive term and the representatives of Hungary and Mauritania, who are in their second terms as Chairmen of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI), respectively, are not individually eligible for re-election to the Bureau.
The aim is to achieve goal-oriented collaboration, programmatic coherence and mutual reinforcement.
50. At the international and regional levels, UNFPA is keen on seeking inter-agency cooperation for communication for development.
A priority task of the commission is to contribute to the dissemination of international humanitarian law among members of the armed forces, specialist schools, lawyers, teachers and the general public.
With regard to Vienna, where the Commission had also decided to phase out the language factor, the United Nations had decided to refrain from taking action.
(e) required markings on the portable tank are legible and in accordance with the applicable requirements; and
The Committee had agreed that it should examine annual recalculation further at its fifty-eighth session.
For example, for the preparation of An Urbanizing World: Global Report on Human Settlements, 1996 the International Institute for Environment and Development (IIED) played an important role and coordinated the inputs of various research institutions.
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people:
(i) Removing barriers to energy conservation and energy efficiency;
The General Assembly and organizations of the United Nations system, notably UNDP, ESCAP, ECE and UNCTAD, have offered technical assistance in a broad range of sectors and played an important role in mobilizing financial support from the international community.
At the D-1 level, however, the percentage of women promoted increased significantly, from 31.3 per cent to 56.0 per cent.
96. IDAAS was set up to collect and analyse existing data.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
IDEA International Data Exchange Association XXXIV(I)
6. Requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Mission is administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy;
II. Promotion of outward foreign direct investment 42 - 50
A final consolidated assessment of elections in Cambodia will only be possible after all votes have been counted and, where necessary, recounted, the full reports of all election observers thoroughly analysed, complaints examined and appeals processes carried out satisfactorily.
(ii) the date of the entry into force of this Convention;
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly, under agenda items 10, 51, 94, 100, 110 and 154.
The main input of the United Nations Fund for Women/International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (UNIFEM/INSTRAW) to the Habitat II Conference was through their parallel events, which included a forum on sharing local power, and expert group meetings on women in human settlements in conflict zones and rights to land and property.
DRAFT DECLARATION ON THE GUIDING PRINCIPLES OF
(b) Decided to add the following three items to the provisional agenda of the seventh session of the General Conference contained in the annex to document IDB.18/19:
Such management decisions dictated that by-catch mortality was counted directly as removal annually, and long-term harvest rates were developed to account for the by-catch mortality in setting yields.
General observations on coordination among the United Nations specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency
39. The Board considers that the common expenditure weights, which help compute the level of post adjustment, were, therefore, determined by the ICSC secretariat in 1990 on the basis of insufficient data, an unrepresentative sample and a statistical methodology that was not initially intended.
The project also aims at networking with other projects, particularly those providing communities with sustainable livelihoods and entrepreneurial training.
Indeed, United Nations observers report that only once in March 1998 did the food basket contain the full ration for all commodities other than infant formula.
70. Numerous countries across the world have adopted the theme of “towards a society for all ages” for their observances of the International Year.
Details of the action taken and the comments of the Board are set out in the annex to the present report.
UNFPA accepted the Board’s recommendation, noting that as a member of the Sub-Group, it was adhering to the Secretary-General’s directive to move towards common premises and the establishment of United Nations Houses.
Pilot-phase projects at three sites are expected to become operational by the end of this year.
Full implementation by all States of the zone will facilitate coordination of any measures that may be taken in the territorial space of coastal States with any conservation measures that may be taken in areas outside the jurisdiction of a State, such as those regulated by the Convention on the conservation of Antarctic marine living resources.
They demanded that Israel compensate the Palestinians for “water theft” over 25 years.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/52/SR.62, 63, 68 and 68/Add.1).
The SBI took note of the action taken by the United Nations General Assembly, at its fifty-first session, on matters related to the UNFCCC and requested the Executive Secretary to report on the review of administrative arrangements at its sixth session.
Additionally, as indicated in paragraph 6 above, provision is made at the established self-sustainment rates for the reimbursement of troop-contributing countries for laundry and cleaning services.
It is noted that the estimates are subject to increasing uncertainty as one moves further into the future.
PRINCIPLE 46. DISBANDMENT OF UNOFFICIAL ARMED GROUPS DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY LINKED TO THE STATE AND OF PRIVATE GROUPS BENEFITING FROM ITS PASSIVITY
In these areas, MFN peaks are generally lower than in the above-mentioned major food sectors, but nonetheless are very common; with some exceptions, there is a single rate without tariff quotas that reduces their impact.
However, it was also decided that if no submission from a State is received, the Commission will reconsider the duration of next year’s sessions in the light of the actual workload.
While Member States were called upon to implement resolutions adopted by the Security Council, a monopoly existed in the domination not only of the Security Council but also of the various committees established to implement the resolutions, which resulted in an imbalance.
43. The collection of essays, Tolérance, j’écris ton nom, which is scheduled for translation into Spanish in 1998, was published by UNESCO in 1996.
With each party, the Special Representative explored their concerns with regard to the preparations for the elections, and discussed with them their experiences during the voter registration process.
It also invited the Independent Bureau for Humanitarian Issues to continue and to further strengthen its activities in cooperation with the governmental and non-governmental organizations concerned.
X. Comments on paragraph 14 of General Assembly resolution 51/235
(ii) Assessment of contributions by non-Member States for their participation in United Nations activities
2. Any programme budget proposal recommended by the Sub—Commission to the Council for its approval, through the Commission on Human Rights, must be stated in terms of the objectives to be achieved.
49. Protecting civilians in situations of conflict.
The new perspectives offered by LEOs could provide opportunities for the development and integration of LDCs, as well as of the African continent as a whole.
Subsequently many of those posts were earmarked for abolition in the biennium 1998-1999 within the Organization’s post reduction exercise.
In many countries, the railway management, which was generally entangled in a bureaucratic culture, is being revolutionized.
Research and experience has shown that personalized, informal and immediate recognition by supervisors is a most powerful motivator in an organizational setting.
2. Substantive support to 10 National Fora where NAPs will be discussed ($62,200);
Item 3 (a). Reports of the subsidiary bodies and matters arising therefrom
Each of these instruments corresponds to one phase in a programme-planning cycle and, consequently, shall serve as a framework for the subsequent phases. 2.2.
Such an adjustment to the methodology appeared to him to offer the only way out of the difficulty.
Thus, some indictments have been amended with a view to consolidating elements of proof.
(b) Regional discussion of the Mali experience and capacity-building in West Africa;
In Bethlehem, clashes erupted for the second consecutive day between IDF soldiers and Palestinian protesters.
The in-depth review was carried out between January and August 1996 and included a visit to Dublin from 29 January to 2 February 1996.
The traditional practice regarding the preparation of written notes will be maintained in phases of cases in which the Court is to decide on the merits.
6. Experts stressed that certification and accreditation should be fair and rigorous to safeguard the credibility of the ISO 14001 certificate.
The fragmentation and internal tensions which have wracked the erstwhile ruling Lavalas coalition are increasingly taking a toll on well-established grass-roots organizations as well as on human rights and victims’ defence associations which shared the same aspirations of social justice.
Numerous States supported the UNESCO Tolerance Programme and its publications on the matter were distributed.
“1. Reaffirms that the Palestine Arab refugees are entitled to their property and to the income derived therefrom, in conformity with the principles of justice and equity;
Details of the withdrawal plan are contained in annex V.
6. The difficulties that followed the implementation of Release 3 had led to delays in the preparation of financial statements.
11. Requests the Secretary-General to continue, through all means at his disposal, to inform world public opinion of any activity that affects the exercise of the right of the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories to self-determination in conformity with the Charter and General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV);
The Committee is also confused about the causes of the rising rate of out-of-wedlock births and requests further information on that point.
The Rome Hotel Owners' Association has pointed out that the hotels concerned require direct full payment in advance.
The Caucus also asked WHO to assist the Working Group in issues relating to the health of indigenous peoples, to conduct an international survey on the health of indigenous peoples and to promote respect for traditional medicine and practices.
Work has steadily progressed, and certain functional modules of the Release have already been tested.
The first newsletter was issued in June 1997.
UNDCP convened a working group at Vienna from 10 to 13 December 1996 with expertise in demand reduction to assist the Executive Director in the development of the draft declaration on the guiding principles on demand reduction.
As part of the current actuarial valuation exercise, the Consulting Actuary estimated the emerging long-term costs of the two-track system as a whole, based on data since 1990, to be 1.87 per cent of pensionable remuneration; the actuarial assumption used in the latest valuation was 1.9 per cent of pensionable remuneration.
A FAO/World Bank cooperative programme mission visited the West Bank and assisted the Ministry of Agriculture in preparing the agricultural infrastructure component of the agricultural sector rehabilitation project.
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Wednesday, 17 December 1997
Inspired by dreams of creating "greater Armenia", the Armenian usurpers, not even caring to conceal their intentions, carried out between 1905 and 1907 a series of large-scale bloody actions against Azerbaijanis.
It is also concerned that children between 16 and 18 years of age are considered as adult offenders in the criminal justice system.
55. The Lester Pearson Commission had already estimated that, by 1977, debt-servicing, i.e. annual repayment of principle and payment of interest, would alone exceed the gross amount of new lending by 20 per cent in Africa and 30 per cent in Latin America.
. is the largest multilateral entity in the UN system for mobilizing grant resources, which are allocated to all regions affected by drought and desertification;
3. The First Committee considered the item at its 13th and 14th meetings, on 21 and 22 October 1998 (see A/C.1/53/PV.13 and 14).
Export taxes and processing cashew nuts in Mozambique
1. India has not promulgated or applied any laws of the type referred to in the preamble of the above mentioned resolution and, as such, the necessity of repealing or invalidating any such laws or measures would not arise.
44. The Commission also stated that in actual practice, the manifold exactions of forced labour often gave rise to the extortion of money in exchange for a temporary alleviation of the burden but also to threats to the life and security and extrajudicial punishment of those unwilling, slow or unable to comply with a demand for forced labour.
While the Board accepts that many of the claims in this category may indeed have been valid, it was not possible for the Board to confirm unequivocally that they were in fact correct.
The way in which these three mutually supportive aspects have been addressed within the framework of triangular cooperation will be the subject of the Meeting's review, which this report is designed to assist.
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization
A detailed list of tasks is included in the contract, and expenditure is reported and verified task by task.
Considering that the Special Rapporteur examined the questions of migration, asylum and refugees, family reunification, etc., it would be correct to conclude that the scope of the study was in fact additionally expanded.
Actual expenditures for these services amounted to $21,600, resulting in the unutilized balance of $48,000 under this heading.
At the same time, the Agency was examining new ways of conducting its affairs so as to produce greater value-for-money while maintaining the quality and level of services.
6.12 The estimated requirements of $100,700 under this heading would provide for the cost of external printing of volumes XIII and XIV of the Judgements of the Administrative Tribunal in English and in French ($40,400) and for database acquisition and rental, and usage fees for the computerized index of case law of the Administrative Tribunals of the United Nations and ILO (LEXIS) ($60,300). General operating expenses
1. In the context of the work programme contained in paragraph 91 of the Midrand final document, the UNCTAD secretariat should undertake studies to support the work of future meetings of the Commission and the expert meetings to be convened.
Coordination and operational mechanisms have been set up at Dakar, where UNHCR and WFP work effectively together.
(f) Strengthening of the international cooperation and coordination of efforts to study, mitigate and minimize the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster:
The CCA identifies the most salient areas of development needs based on the Mozambique Government’s country strategy note (CSN) completed in 1995 with technical assistance from and under the coordination of the United Nations resident coordinator.
She said that the unique languages of indigenous peoples were a source of unity and community.
5. Encourages United Nations bodies to contribute, within existing mandates, to promoting the application of science and technology for peaceful purposes;
39. In some cases, the connection between an agency’s work and finance for development is indirect.
“Recalling that 25 July 1998 marks the 100th anniversary of the United States of America’s intervention in Puerto Rico,
The specialized agencies and other United Nations bodies, as well as non-governmental organizations, would be encouraged to participate in the discussion and to prepare informal background papers as appropriate.
It seemed possible, given the developments, that at the end of 1998 there would be change in the Republika Srpska Government, after the elections.
(g) Promotion of other specific actions of financing such as new private financing schemes (for example, third party financing);
Also a subregional database can be established.
1. Welcomes and accepts the generous offer of the European Union to host the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries in the first semester of the year 2001;
Such sanctions could be effectively applied to various offences less amenable to criminal sentencing, such as the manufacture, import, export and distribution of precursors knowingly or with deliberate disregard for illegal end-use or for environmental and health hazards arising from those activities.
The sense of responsibility and accountability thus instilled can be expected to reduce further the occurrence of abuse and to enhance the efficiency and effectiveness of management.
The United Nations Development Programme will hold informal consultations on UNDP funding strategy on Thursday, 8 January 1998, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
Structured discussion of specific subjects on the adopted thematic approach on disarmament and international security agenda items (items 62-82) (A/C.1/52/INF/1)
The activity data currently being gathered independently by most of the language services and the Reproduction Section must be incorporated into a single centralized costing system.
Item 70. Report of the Secretary-General on the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina (S/24540).
As determined by the SAR, natural ecosystems are subjected to stresses from biodiversity loss, deforestation and desertification and are particularly sensitive to impacts from global climate change.
“Recognizing that training activities should be accorded a more visible and larger role in support of the management of international affairs and in the execution of the economic and social development programmes of the United Nations system,
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.33 without a vote (see para. 18, draft resolution II).
8. Women in Human Settlements Development Programme (WHSDP)
58. Globalization is a multifaceted process, facilitating contacts and communication between nations and peoples.
345. Amendments to annex I to MARPOL 73/78, i.e. the annex which regulates the operational discharge of oil from ships, were adopted by MEPC on 25 September 1997 (resolution MEPC.75(40)), including amendments to regulation 10 to provide for the designation of the north-west European waters as a special area.
Consultant on international public and humanitarian law of the Constitutional Court and Supreme Court of the Russian Federation.
Programme of activities of the International Decade of the World’s Indigenous People: report of the Third Committee (A/52/641) [109]
Nonetheless, the Committee expresses its concern that some of these military trials appear to have been significantly lacking in basic due process guarantees.
96. The Special Committee stresses the need for Member States to enhance recruitment procedures to ensure deployment of the highest quality civilian police personnel to United Nations peacekeeping operations.
7. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity [item 42]
About 510,000 litres valued at nearly $750,000 were distributed in the former Yugoslavia or transported to other UNHCR programmes that needed the disinfectants.
To this end, the Special Representative should put in place an inter-agency arrangement or task force, which would consist of three subgroups, with the participation of representatives of the relevant international organizations both within and outside the United Nations system.
At present, many of the activities remain within the context of raising awareness, spreading knowledge and exchanging experience.
However, the summary data provided in the table annexed to the report is with respect to 1995 activities and is, therefore, not up to date.
These developments are further confirmation of the overall trend towards universal participation in and adherence to the legal regime established by the Convention.
52/56 International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space
In that memorandum, the Chief Administrative Officer outlined the following three options for obtaining the services currently provided by the locally employed civilians: (a) to take over the contract from the Civilian Establishment and Pay Office ; (b) to introduce a new contractual arrangement for provision of local staff; and (c) convert the locally employed civilians to locally recruited General Service staff.
They observed that many incidents had been under-reported, and in many cases there appeared to be a lack of political will or financial resources to combat piracy.
9. The provision of the services of two specialist military personnel by the host Government to assist with the reconciliation of the military spare parts inventory and in the areas of movement control and shipping has been valued at $60,000 for the period ending 30 June 1998.
Still under development is the KOMPSAT programme, which, consequently, has not yet been employed on any space missions.
The Commission participated in the various regional meetings dealing with the preparatory process of Habitat II, including the Dubai International Conference on Best Practices, held in Dubai in November 1995.
Cash flows from investing and financing activities
In pursuance of these objectives, ECA has designed and implemented a number of activities.
Statements were made by representatives of 21 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, and another speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
11. Emphasizes that expeditious implementation of action 3, contained in the report of the Secretary-General entitled "Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform",A/51/950. is relevant to his task of managing the Secretariat in accordance with Articles 97, 100 and 101 of the Charter of the United Nations, and is essential for sustaining the momentum of reform;
He denied that the soldiers had torn the woman’s clothes or thrown her into a water pit.
At 0200 hours on Friday 17 March 1978 twenty members of the Tawil family who were travelling in the direction of Beirut in two Mercedes cars, fleeing from Israeli shelling, were attacked by Israeli commandos on ‛Adlun shore.
The SBI requested the Executive Secretary to provide a note at its sixth session, containing a list of possible elements for the provisional agenda for COP 3 focused on the completion of the work of the Berlin Mandate and its adoption and taking account of views expressed at its current session;
A. Overall approach and activities required in support of resource mobilization
Indicators providing information of the cost of information include: whether information-providing institutions operate on a subscriber/membership basis, the cost of membership, whether there are charges associated with certain types of information, average consultancy fees, etc.
In the wake of the decision by the General Assembly to reduce progressively the number of posts filled by personnel on loan, we strongly underline that the Department’s expertise and gains of the past few years must be retained.
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Note Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.
While two of them examined region-specific issues, such as nuclear-weapon-free zones, and regional cooperation and confidence-building measures, the third was engaged in the search for a common approach with respect to the convening of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
11. UNLB hosted several visits during the course of the year, including a joint technical survey mission from WFP, the World Health Organization and the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs.
15. At its organizational meeting, the Committee adopted the agenda and programme of work (A/AC.198/1998/1), as amended:
The programme also ensures the participation of researchers on “an equitable political and geographical basis” (art. II, para. 3, of the UNIDIR statute).
(c) The purpose and object of all negotiations must be fully compatible with the principles and norms of international law, including the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations;
Contributions to other multilateral institutions were also identified in four of these national communications (FIN - Nordic Development Fund, European Community) (ISL - Nordic Environment Finance Corporation) (BEL, NZL - International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD)).
By December 1996, $7.4 million had been spent on 50 main projects and a further $2 million on 250 low-value quick- impact projects.
At the request of the SBSTA, at its fifth session (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4), the secretariat has prepared a workplan, including a tentative schedule of the in-depth review (IDR) of second national communications of Parties included in Annex I to the Convention.
The Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women invites delegations to propose names for panellists to participate in the forty-second session of the Commission (2-13 March 1998).
The Committee notes that the report, although following the thematic structure for reporting set out in the general guidelines, was incomplete in its appreciation of the situation of children in the country since it did not incorporate an assessment of factors and difficulties impeding the enjoyment of the rights of the child.
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: integration of the economies in transition into the world economy
For centuries, millions of men, women and children were torn from their society and taken forcibly to the Americas to be treated there in the most inhuman and degrading manner.
Figure 20.1 (b): Delete the asterisk and the footnote.
of the Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations
A number of Parties did, however, report on initiatives that are designed to facilitate such transfer.
20. Further takes note of the observation by the Secretary-General’s Task Force on the Reorientation of United Nations Public Information Activities regarding the substantial problems that some integrated information centres have encountered in performing their information and communications functions, and accordingly requests him to take this experience into account;
47. In view of the foregoing, and taking into account comments made by the Advisory Committee and the Board of Auditors, in previous as well as current reports, the Committee recommends that the Secretary-General report to it by February 1999 on the results of his review in order to finally clear all outstanding issues concerning this matter.
Mr. BOURITA (Morocco) said that Industrial Development Board decision IDB.18/Dec.5 reproduced in annex I to the report on the Board’s resumed eighteenth session (GC.7/6/Add.1) included a paragraph (f) which was not reflected in the text in document GC.7/CRP.7.
UNAIDS Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS
13. We consider that one of the main aspects of such proliferation is the fact that Governments distribute small arms to their citizens (for political, ethnic or security reasons), and that this is a major danger in societies where this practice occurs.
While further assistance would be required to complete the implementation of the peace accords signed at Chapultepec Castle in Mexico City on 16 January 1992 (A/46/864-S/23501, annex), I have advised the Government and FMLN that I propose to entrust UNDP with the necessary follow-up to these matters, in consultation with the donor Governments.
The period of the first internal closure varied from region to region: Bethlehem was closed from 30 July to 28 August 1997; Hebron from 30 July to 14 August 1997; Ramallah and Jericho from 30 July to 13 August 1997; and Nablus from 30 July to 8 August 1997.
It also provided information on initiatives and activities of the United Nations agencies to help small island developing States, as well as recommendations for future action.
(f) Design and implementation of primary prevention programmes targeted at general prison populations;
The Chairman proposed that, owing to the Plenary informal consultations on reform, scheduled for Wednesday, 15 October, in the morning and afternoon, the Committee cancel its two meetings on Wednesday and move them to Friday, 17 October, in order to allow delegations to attend the Plenary consultations.
To achieve this, client departments are expected to submit documents for translation at least 10 weeks before a conference or meeting is scheduled to take place, giving conference services 4 weeks in which to process and distribute the documents.
Also, they wish to ensure that their access to world markets is not frustrated by anti-competitive practices.
Item 4: Institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters
The Committee welcomes the adoption of Revolutionary Command Council Decree No. 91 of 1996, which repeals the application of the death penalty and amputation in certain cases.
10A.7 With respect to international trade in goods and services, and commodities, UNCTAD witnessed an increased demand for advisory services and training programmes from countries in the process of accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO).
At least 53 other East Timorese are currently detained and facing trial for their alleged involvement in the attacks during the elections, in May (Amnesty International, ASA 21/90.97).
1976 Commission on International Trade Law United Nations Multilateral (Model) Adopted
ESCWA Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia
In conjunction with this, development assistance needs to be restructured, focusing on high impact areas and on reducing dependency.
Under sub-item (a) of agenda item 20, the Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.48/Rev.1 (resolution 52/168).
Thailand ranked second with 17 attacks reported, and Brazil and the Philippines ranked third with 15 attacks reported.
Compensation must equal the financially assessable value of all damage suffered, particularly:
To facilitate the process, a computer-based system, the Computer and Telecommunication System for International and National Drug Control, has been designed and is available to strengthen the management and control of licit movements of psychoactive drugs and precursor chemicals, and to enhance timeliness of information exchange at the national and international levels.
122. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, nineteenth session [General Assembly resolutions 34/180 and 51/68]
4. The review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action is well under way, focusing on policy changes and operational experiences at the country level.
A reserve of $200,000 was established by the Executive Board in November 1950 when UNICEF adopted a policy of self-insurance for programme supplies.
Five staff members are to receive one week of satellite and telephone equipment training at a European facility at an average cost of $5,000 each (travel $600, daily subsistence allowance $1,400 and training fees of $3,000).
In articulating and developing its mine-action policy and activities, the United Nations strives to give due consideration to the concerns of all parties.
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the financial performance report of the Secretary-General for the United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 (A/52/815) and the report of the Secretary-General on the final disposition of UNPF assets (A/52/792).
Neonatal tetanus continues to be a major health problem only where births are not attended by trained midwives;
Least developed countries’ exports, imports, investment and GDP remain insignificant compared with those of other developing countries.
Secondly, the time leading up to the first review could be used to prepare for a more consolidated arrangement, which should include recommendations on the veto rights of the original permanent members and that of the new permanent members with a view to bridging the gap between them.
That would help in assessing performance.
1017. Noting the long-standing efforts made by the State party in the field of international cooperation, the Committee would like to encourage the State party to achieve the target of 0.7 per cent of gross domestic product for international assistance to developing countries.
i) determining information needs of users and decision makers
* Following the adjournment of the informal meeting of the Second Committee.
In particular, the GM would receive guidance, direction and priorities from the COP.
The cost estimates were based on an annual cost of $250 per vehicle, whereas the annual premium was increased to $525 as at 1 June 1996.
(f) Report of the Working Group on the Financing of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (A/53/569);
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/155), A/53/332.
120. As of 1 October 1997, the Department of Management delegated responsibility for all questions relating to human resources management to the Registrar for a trial period of one year.
2. Box entitled "Potential membership" after paragraph 20
Following the creation of the United Nations Compensation Commission (the “Commission”) by the United Nations Security CouncilSee Security Council resolution 692 (1991), para. 3. , the Commission’s Governing Council (the “Governing Council”) established six claims categories in which individuals, corporations and Governments could seek compensation for losses arising out of Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
The Assembly decided, on a proposal by the President, to postpone to the afternoon the balloting for two seats from among the Asian States, one seat from among the Eastern European States and one seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States.
74. An extensive discussion took place focused on rule 53 of the Rules of Procedure of the Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/2/Rev.3), namely whether a two-thirds majority was sufficient on questions of substance relating to financial and budgetary matters, and whether a finance committee should be established.
The Treasury is currently installing investment software that aims to make more lucrative returns for funds not needed for immediate cash flow.
It is also desirable for countries to provide information on ad valorem equivalents of specific rates currently applied and resulting from the Uruguay Round in order to increase transparency.
establishment of a sustainable institutional networking related to the combat against desertification, at an estimated outlay in grants of USD 200,000;
(a) To promote effective implementation of Agenda 21 and other commitments of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, as well as the outcomes of the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States and the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly, and the achievement of sustainable development worldwide;
Requests the Secretary-General to submit a report on the implementation of the present resolution to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;
An Israeli motorist was hurt by a stone thrown at his car near Husan and was hospitalized.
In the present changed context, as witnessed in the Uruguay Round negotiations, the provision of special and differential treatment is a function of the negotiating strength of concerned countries and therefore in some cases developing countries are disadvantaged.
If not, non—recognition of trial in absentia should be limited to the judgement phase alone.
44. Late in the evening of 27 October, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, in the name of the President of Serbia, requested the Special Rapporteur to provide the names of all medical and humanitarian personnel charged with terrorism or anti-State activity on whose behalf the Special Rapporteur had appealed earlier in the day.
At its 5th meeting, on 29 October, the SBI, having considered a proposal by the Vice-Chairman (FCCC/SBI/1997/L.8), adopted the following conclusions on this sub-item:
Deeply concerned about the persisting critical financial situation of the Agency, which has affected and affects the continuation of the provision of the necessary Agency services to Palestine refugees, including the emergency-related programmes,
10. However, the means to this end are being widely discussed, as traditional modes of operation, patterns and practices are being challenged.
Economic and social development in Asia and the Pacific (Part V, section 17)
14. At the 24th meeting, on 19 November, the representative of Indonesia, on behalf of Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, the Comoros, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, India, Indonesia, Jordan, Malaysia, Morocco, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the Sudan, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Offers by Member States of grants and scholarships for higher education, including vocational training, for Palestine refugees” (A/C.4/53/L.12).
24. WFP food packages have significantly contributed to the overall success of the process of resettlement, reintegration and reconciliation in Rwanda.
UNDCP is currently undertaking a number of activities to prevent drug abuse in the workplace that are cost-shared by the private sector.
But it is not a force of nature, rather it is the result of man-made processes.
10. At its annual session held in New York in June 1995, the Executive Board gave the Executive Director programme expenditure authority of $263 million for 1996 (decision 95/16, para. 2).
138. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
459. She appreciated the pre-session working group’s initiative which had provided the United Nations Population Fund with an opportunity to discuss issues relating to women’s health in States parties which were before the Committee and she indicated that the Fund was ready to assist other treaty bodies in their monitoring of reproductive rights.
Data on bilateral financial contributions made in 1994 was not provided.
2. Expresses concern that the magnitude and complexity of the Integrated Management Information System project was underestimated from its inception;
683. It is the view of the Committee that insufficient steps have been taken to study and review the compatibility of national legislation with the principles and provisions of the Convention, so as to ensure fulfilment of all the rights provided for in the Convention.
It is an implacable opponent of unlawful arms trading and distribution of arms and strives to achieve stability, progress and economic stability not only in the region, but throughout the world.
They also welcomed the information concerning the funds already received for the Plan of Action for the Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
The specialized agencies therefore had an interest in taking part in the discussion, in particular if it were decided to form a working group.
Considerable effort by UNPF and the new missions reduced the number of unreconciled items to 683 assets valued at $1.9 million by the time the asset inventory was finalized in August 1997.
Examples of quotations from PA literature included the following:
While not entering into a formal agreement with the new faction, Operation Lifeline Sudan continued to meet humanitarian needs in the areas controlled by SSUM wherever possible.
The Greek Cypriot militarization campaign has reached unprecedented levels, which clearly threatens peace and stability in the region.
“An important effort by the United Nations is the development of a rapidly deployable mission headquarters (RDMHQ).
42. The Commission’s report relates “a saga” of untold misery and suffering, oppression and exploitation of large sections of the population inhabiting Myanmar by the Government, the military and other public officers.
The phenomenon of forced recruitment of civilians for the purpose of portering is reportedly still practised.
Clinical Legal Education in Africa, Addis Ababa, July 1996.
Observers: Armenia, Bolivia, Iceland, Latvia, Republic of Moldova, Slovenia, Switzerland, The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Viet Nam, the United Nations Children’s Fund and the International Committee of the Red Cross.
However, the introduction of new evaluation elements other than quality and price would represent a major departure from the spirit of the Financial Regulations and the established procurement procedures.
The meetings were held for the African and Asia and Pacific regions at Addis Ababa (14–17 May 1996) and at Amman (1–4 September 1997) respectively.
A Meeting of the Parties is hereby established.
Indeed, a recent meeting on pivotal countries held at Santiago in November 1997 agreed on a number of measures to be pursued by pivotal countries, in collaboration with SU/TCDC, in support of a dynamic programme of TCDC.
A large number of countries of the region are undergoing a long and difficult period of social transformation.
The Assembly also commended the activities undertaken at the request of Governments to support the efforts to consolidate democracy, as reflected in the Secretary-General’s three reports.
This will be done with the co-operation of the University of Amsterdam (IVAM Environmental Research).This activity is supported by the government of the Netherlands.
(a) A common Development Group approach for enhancing the human rights dimension in development activities;
Opportunities and Needs of Developing Countries
X. LIST OF DOCUMENTS ISSUED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD . 106 Chapter
Against this the overall expenditure was $2.53 billion, which was lower than that during the previous biennium by $100 million.
Taking into account the competence of each subsidiary body, the SBI could have overall responsibility for policy questions related to mechanisms for consultations with non-governmental organizations (NGOs).
14. The Committee notes that the experience gained during the current biennium has been applied in estimating the requirements for 1999, in particular with regard to civilian personnel costs.
Pursuant to paragraph 3 of resolution 52/38 B of 9 December 1997, and paragraph 5 (a) of resolution 52/38 R of 9 December 1997, both of which are entitled “Transparency in armaments”, the States members of the League of Arab States reiterate their affirmation of the importance of transparency in armaments, both conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction, and of the fundamental link between the two types of armaments.
Subsequently, France joined in sponsoring the draft decision.
Nothing in this Convention shall affect the obligations of States parties under the Charter of the United Nations or the rights and obligations of States parties arising from international treaties concluded by them previously or shall be directed against any State.
This right is provided for in article 14 of the Universal Declaration where it is stated that everyone "has the right to seek and to enjoy in other countries asylum from persecution", but with the important restriction that this right "may not be invoked in the case of prosecutions genuinely arising from non-political crimes or from acts contrary to the purposes and principles of the United Nations".
The two leaders reaffirm their resolve to make their utmost efforts to conclude a peace treaty by the year 2000.
The Lebanon Telecom 97 exhibition was held at Beirut in April 1997.
At the request of the Director General of WIPO, in August 1996, UNCTAD released its study on the financial and other implications of the implementation of the TRIPS (trade-related aspects of intellectual property rights) agreement for developing countries.
3. Notes with appreciation the work of the Committee on Conferences, and takes note of its report;
Until civilians in general are protected from the impact of warfare, increasing numbers of children will continue to be exposed to the additional trauma and danger of separation.
To aid in the transfer of responsibilities from the United Nations Mine Action Centre to the Government and within the United Nations system, a management services agreement was conducted between UNOPS and the Department of Peace-keeping Operations providing the input needed during the transition period.
3. Annex III to the report provides information on authorized posts and the vacancy situation by office/department; the Advisory Committee recalls that, by its resolution 51/239 A, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit information on redeployments, if any, between units, covering the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 and the period from 1 July to 31 December 1997.
b) Other criteria for national acceptance of AIJ:
The General Assembly proceeded to take decisions on the draft resolutions recommended by the First Committee in para- graph 15 of its report (A/52/601).
Federal Republic of Germany to the secretariat, transmitting a proposal to delete
Inaction was not an option in the face of today’s destructive conflicts, which could destabilize entire regions and generate such problems as illegal arms flows, terrorism, drug trafficking and environmental degradation.
(ii) Introduction of use of space heating measurements and control systems in new multiple family dwellings;
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/771 and Add.1 and Corr.1 and A/52/771/Add.2) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/860/Add.5).
UNIFEM is chairing the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) Gender Subgroup.
The President confirmed with the General Assembly that the co-sponsors of the amendments contained in document A/52/ L.63 had also agreed to withdraw their amendments.
Printers are available but downloading to diskette is strongly encouraged.
Tariffs for chilled boneless beef in the EU will decline from 20 per cent plus ECU 4700 per ton to 12.8 per cent plus ECU 3034 per ton; bone-in pork legs, from ECU 1215 per ton to ECU 778 per ton; boneless chicken cuts from ECU 1600 per ton to ECU 1024 per ton.
Furthermore, continuous efforts should be made by Governments to help identify and take advantage of opportunities for stimulating traffic development by the selective lowering of tariffs for particular commodities, sectors, directions, or periods of time. Such reductions may be aimed at developing new types of traffic and especially at correcting existing imbalances in flows.
At the United Nations Office at Geneva, the Board noted that from November 1997, United Nations Headquarters changed the procedures such that inter-office vouchers were accompanied by only brief descriptions of their nature; full supporting documentation was attached to an inter-office voucher only when Headquarters considered that the brief description was insufficient.
AHMADI Hassan M Environmental Planning, Natural
At its thirty-ninth session, the Commission agreed on a draft provisional agenda that reflected a proposal by its Chairman to consider as an agenda item in odd years the implementation of the Global Programme of Action and in even years the implementation, review and updating of the System-Wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control.
Israeli prisons had subterranean isolation sections that were one or two levels underground, which was dangerous from the standpoint of safety.
h On 22 May 1990 Democratic Yemen and Yemen merged to form a single State, which acts in the United Nations under the designation “Yemen”.
“According to information received, on the afternoon of 25 June 1998, while approaching Daw Aung San Suu Kyi’s house, a group of around 30 NLD writers, journalists and activists were prevented by the security forces from attending a “reading session” regularly held at her home.
An assessment of the financial and economic situation of the affected countries as seen in April 1998 was presented in World Economic and Social Survey, 1998,3 which, as requested, also offered a set of observations on policy for consideration by the Assembly.
It also took note with appreciation of the fact that the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and its Legal Subcommittee had significantly improved the timeliness of the issuance of written meeting records, and had achieved savings by using unedited verbatim transcripts.
Through its network of 134 country offices, UNDP is in direct and daily contact with governments and their respective entities in all countries affected by drought and desertification and has good knowledge of government procedures, structures, policies and priorities.
Government does not intend to pursue country strategy note
Proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001
PIRs: In 1997, more than 100 projects which have been undergoing implementation for more than one year, will be reviewed, inter alia for their attainment of global environmental objectives and sustainable development.
2. The Disarmament Commission met at United Nations Headquarters and held two meetings, on 2 December 1997 and 27 March 1998 (see A/CN.10/PV.217-218), for its organizational session.
(Signed) Z. Eshmambetova Permanent Representative of Kyrgyzstan to the United Nations
Opening remarks will be given by Mr. Hennadiy Udovenko, President of the General Assembly.
PRINCIPLE 41. IMPLEMENTATION OF ADMINISTRATIVE MEASURES
7. At the suggestion of the Secretary-General (A/BUR/53/1, para. 8), the General Committee draws the General Assembly’s attention to paragraph 5 of the annex to resolution 45/45 (A/520/Rev.15 and Amend.1, annex VIII), which reads as follows:
The area of concern is in relation to networking, where plans for upgrading to Windows 95 and Netware 4x (compliant versions) are still being finalized.
“1. Reiterates its call upon the nuclear-weapon States to undertake a step-by-step reduction of the nuclear threat and a phased programme of progressive and balanced deep reductions of nuclear weapons, and to carry out effective nuclear disarmament measures with a view to the total elimination of those weapons within a time-bound framework”;
The Commission pointed out that the word "remuneration" was deemed to include supplementary payments by certain Member States to staff who were their nationals.
B. Discrimination against immigrants and migrant workers
13. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution;
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
It was noted that the Secretariat had for some time not been providing the Sub—Commission with the estimates of the programme budget implications of the proposals which were before it;
At the time of writing, decisions by potential donors to finance such projects were still pending.
Consequently, Germany has proposed that the paragraph be deleted.
A dozen others were found not to be political and available information on the rest indicated that there might have been mixed motives.
MINUGUA United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala
The Advisory Committee regrets that the performance report does not contain any explanation of why this amount was not properly recorded in the financial period concerned.
(c) A preliminary estimate of the ratio factor (i.e., the ratio of ICITO termination liabilities to the total liabilities for all active Fund participants) would be prepared in December 1998 based on data collected through 31 December 1997, and made available to ICITO.
The Committee welcomes the planned constitutional revision for the incorporation of the principles and provisions of the Convention.
These democracies face a difficult challenge to establish or restore public confidence in institutions that have often been discarded by their subservience to power, corruption and violation of human rights.
Due to the predominance of coal, peat and oil in the primary fuel mix, and limited non-fossil fuel generating capacity, Ireland's energy-related CO2 emissions per unit of gross domestic product are considerably higher than both the OECD and the EU averages.
"Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,
The first Cooperative Societies Ordinance, enacted in 1931, was modelled on cooperative legislation in India, Mauritius and Ceylon (now Sri Lanka) but was soon found to be unsuited to local conditions.
UNICEF income is recorded on the basis of funds or pledges received for the current year.
At 1650 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired shells at outlying areas of Sawwanah from their positions at Hula.
Countries with weak or barely existing social and economic infrastructures are often the hardest hit, and within these countries the poor are those who suffer the most and are least able to cope.
Chambers, Legal Support Section, Registry
Follow-up to the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons
Nonetheless, the High Commissioner regrets the closure of the Operation before national governmental and non-governmental institutions responsible for the promotion and protection of human rights had reached their full capacity for action.
74. Income distribution is commonly measured by household and thus conceals the situation of discrimination generally encountered by women.
For all other active peacekeeping operations, the accounts are maintained for the periods of their mandates.
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
16. Notification letters were sent, through the respective permanent mission in New York, to each of the other military observers who had departed from UNIKOM when the overpayment was detected.
The Russian Federation and the Republic of Kazakhstan shall use all means to foster the continuing spiritual and cultural bonds linking the peoples of the two countries, and to intensify their reciprocal ties in the field of culture, science, education and information.
48. Transactions and significant events are to be promptly recorded and properly classified.
They may be established by an act of general application or treaty clause in the event that the restoration of or transition to democracy and/or peace has begun.
ROLE OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY IN THE CONTEXT OF INTERNATIONAL SECURITY, DISARMAMENT AND OTHER RELATED FIELDS
A number of additional factors which affect the capacity of developing countries and their trade performance in the health service sector would seem of similar relevance in other service sectors, such as the importance of movement of persons as a means not only to supply services but also to upgrade skills and technological capacity.
The Working Group recommended that the Secretariat prepare a detailed report on the financial implications of retroactive application, and present it to the General Assembly.
“(b) Any election made under paragraph (a) shall be subject to the following:
During the biennium ending 31 December 1997, seven cases of fraud and presumptive fraud were reported to the Board.
It is scheduled to be implemented at Nairobi during the fourth quarter of 1998 and by ILO early in 1999.
UNIFIL United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon
This action-oriented, demand-driven and associative approach had prompted extrabudgetary funding amounting to $550,000 for the current biennium.
The allegation of the “breach of international humanitarian law including article 3 common to the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 and Protocol II to the Conventions” and, by implication, of the existence of an internal armed conflict in Kosovo and Metohija is arbitrary in the extreme.
46. In regard to the payment of value-added tax by the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC), the Board recommended, in paragraph 98 of its report, that the Administration make efforts to recover the taxes improperly paid and make further attempts to resolve the issue of the tax payment on purchases with the national Government.
Despite the need to familiarize them with the processes involved in the drafting of the Repertoire studies, their contribution made progress possible.
In addition, a preliminary survey of specific activities undertaken to follow up the Committee’s recommendations at the national level has been conducted by the support team and consideration has been given to the activities to be undertaken.
Letter dated 16 April 1998 from the President of the
2. Legal dimensions of the Trade Point programme.. 57 - 63
The SBI may wish to recommend to COP 3 a date for COP 4.
41. Regarding the $130.4 million the validity of which the Board could not confirm at the time and for which no explanation was provided in the Administration’s response (A/52/879), the representatives of the Secretary-General informed the Advisory Committee that the conversion from the old accounting system to IMIS had involved some $43,000 million from all sources of funds – an extremely complex operation requiring the matching of old accounts and new accounts under IMIS.
The Centre is ready to enter into joint-venture projects.
137. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced programme 26 and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.
Some success has been registered, but investors have been hesitant.
He had also met with the Algerian authorities at Algiers, and intended to proceed to Nouakchott to meet with the Mauritanian authorities.
The unutilized balance of $35,800 was attributable to the utilization of existing inventory, thereby reducing requirements for purchases during the reporting period.
1. Commends the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation for the valuable contribution it has been making in the course of the past forty-three years, since its inception, to wider knowledge and understanding of the levels, effects and risks of atomic radiation, and for fulfilling its original mandate with scientific authority and independence of judgement; A/53/595
51/167 International trade and development
The experience of the past five years indicates the great importance of this new form of work.
IDF reported that an IDF officer and a border police officer were slightly injured by a stone.
At 0705 hours Israeli forces fired four 120-mm mortar shells at parts of Sujud hill from their position at Ksarat al-Urush.
An amount of $35,700 provides for the rental of premises for the two-month period ending 31 August 1998 at the rates indicated in section A of the present annex.
145. Combining both humanitarian and development work, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East continues to provide relief and social services to 3.5 million Palestine refugees in Jordan, Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic and the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Unless the context of a provision otherwise indicates, the plural form of the terms defined in paragraphs 3, 4 and 6 (see paragraphs 53, 55 and 24) shall include the singular.
VII. Provisional agenda for the nineteenth session
She introduced statistics on acts of violence against women, rape in marriage, sexual harassment, prostitution (including international prostitution) and other criminal acts.
b These weights correspond to the United Nations common system staff in grades P-1 (D) to D-2 (D), inclusive, serving at headquarters and established offices as at 31 December 1995.
(ii) Information on relevant action by the Council of the Global Environment Facility (GEF)
Against this background, the report assesses the contribution of the organizations and agencies of the United Nations system in support of such cooperation.
228. On 30 October, 150 lorry drivers from Israel who were transporting gravel and construction materials to the autonomous areas in Gaza through the Sufa crossing clashed with IDF soldiers when they gathered at the roadblock to stage a strike in protest against the difficulties faced when crossing into the autonomous areas.
On the other hand, in the development of national monitoring systems, proper consideration should be given to the question of compatibility between different systems within a country and between systems in different countries.
Subprogramme 27.2 Planning, development, and coordination of conference services
In particular, this should apply to the transportation sector; and
The project will support efforts of Member States to fully integrate the commitments made in these documents into decision-making and in improving related information systems for decision-making.
3. Lower requirements for purchase of material for refurbishing containers and storage bins resulted in an unutilized balance of $14,500 under this heading.
Promoting women’s transformational leadership and political participation
Consequently, Legislative Decree No. 84-97 of 25 September 1997 deferred the entry into force of the Code to 27 March 1998.
The General Assembly concurred with that view by its decision 52/463 of 31 March 1998.
In nearly every region of the world, demand was strongly driven by social, cultural and economic forces that had come together during the past few decades.
Under the new law neither physicians nor the police are legally obliged to report severe physical injury to the State attorney.
- Establishment of roster of experts (Doc. ICCD/COP(1)/6)
Efforts have also been made to reach out to the younger generation to help foster multigenerational relationships and encourage the young to see beyond the traditional stereotypes of older persons and gain a more positive image of the ageing process and how it will affect them.
3. We would like to state that Angola will abstain from adopting any such measures and will continue to cooperate with the United Nations – as always – towards the achievement of the Organization’s goals of promoting the fundamental principles of the Charter and international law.
The Federation should have a General Assembly and a Council and should have regional conferences as appropriate.
South Africaa United Republic of Tanzania
As a result, prevailing strategies applied to psychosocial issues fail to address problems in their entirety.
The exact number is unknown, since telephone connections to certain townships and places are said to have been disconnected.
While earlier practice had been that multinationals tried to curb the participation and influence of local partners, they currently aimed to maximize the benefits they could obtain from local partners and therefore visibly increased the latter’s role in joint ventures.
DDSMS Department for Development Support and Management Services
Since the 1961 Convention clearly permits the authorized provision and use of drugs, including heroin, for medical or scientific purposes, the 1988 Convention also permits it for such purposes.
Donors were thus encouraged to make funds available for this purpose.
76. The Pan-American Health Organization is of the view that a society for all ages means a society without age discrimination – a society in which each individual is provided with opportunities for self-fulfilment and for a meaningful and productive life.
11. The Board recommends that UNDP prepare a forward plan for maintenance and alterations work to the premises its occupies (para. 84).
A statement was also made by the observer of the International Organization for Migration.
The Institute prepared a fund-raising strategy to finance new research programmes that would cross-cut a number of critical areas of concern contained in the Platform for Action.
“Aware that the Puerto Rican people constitute a Latin American and Caribbean nation that has its own and unequivocal national identity,
There will be a briefing by Mr. Gert Rosenthal, Executive Secretary of the Economic Commission of Latin America and the Caribbean, entitled “Revitalizing the Regional Commissions”, on Wednesday, 12 November 1997 from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
The Government of the Republic of Tajikistan, which has repeatedly informed the international community of its position on the Afghan problem, remains convinced that the crisis in Afghanistan must be settled exclusively through peaceful political means and that the civil war which has ravaged that country for so many years must be brought to an end.
13. The Conference of the Parties shall, in adopting the indicative scale of contributions referred to in paragraph 12 (a), make adjustments to take account of contributions of Parties which are not members of the United Nations, as well as those of regional economic integration organizations that are Parties.
Accordingly, the agenda for the first session was as follows:
Members which abstain from voting are considered as not voting.
The complex offers 80,000 square metres of office space.
This resumption has been conditional upon a process of registration with the authorities and a commitment to relocate to the Polytechnic.
It can also be realized by various ways and means in accordance with existing international law.
He hoped that international organizations would cooperate in work towards multilateral rules on competition promoting market access.
11. Recosting of outstanding statements of programme budget implications and revised estimates
Ceasing violence, as he understands it, implies the possibility for the Kosovo and Metohija Albanians to establish the “Republic of Kosovo”.
Secretary-General’s report of 15 January 1998
It is also important that the State and the population should become aware of the need to provide a fiscal basis for the modernization and democratization of the State, so as to guarantee the viability of these processes.
Investment and saving rates likewise declined during this period and, despite cuts in effective demand and fiscal austerity, high rates of inflation generally persisted (table 1).
(h) Efforts are being made to organize the information Governments need for analysing and resolving ocean problems, as in the Global Programme of Action for the Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities.
Political trials in East Timor fall short of international standards.
Consideration is being given to delegating greater responsibility to programme managers for the management of their budgets.
470. The High Commissioner’s initiative to campaign for the universal ratification of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and to encourage the removal of substantive reservations, was noted with appreciation.
11. Germany believes that the issue of State immunity from measures of constraint is an essential component of a possible Convention, without which it would be robbed of its justification.
Distribution of Professional work-months utilized under main categories of activities in the biennium 1996-1997
This will not affect the schedule of meetings proposed in the annex to document FCCC/CP/1997/1 and updated in annex I below.
9. Also at its 39th meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.22 by a recorded vote of 116 to 2, with 8 abstentions (see para. 11).
Box 5: Some issues related to electronic payments 20
Interior of the Countries Members of the Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa, held in
The Committee points out that the estimates in the report of the Secretary-General are based on the assumption that the military personnel and civilian police of the mission will be phased out by the end of September 1998 and do not reflect requirements for any possible United Nations presence in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
Requirements of $62,200 were attributable to the recording in the Mission’s accounts of an obligation pertaining to UNMIH in respect of the period ending 30 June 1996 for the provision of refrigeration containers under the letter-of-assist arrangements.
At the end of the demonstration in Ramallah, the protesters clashed with IDF soldiers stationed at the southern entrance to El Bireh.
In 1997, the Coordination Committee for the Problems of Women elaborated the National Action Plan for Women in Slovakia, which was then approved by the Government and submitted to the secretariat of the Commission on the Status of Women.
Mr. Al-Khoei and his brother-in-law were not taken to the hospital immediately and bled to death on the side of the road.
Joint implementation may contribute up to x per cent to meeting the reduction obligation of each Party.
The lack of such funding has seriously hampered efforts by the United Nations to assist the Somali populations in a manner that would allow them to recover effectively from crisis and experience economic growth.
Delegations are kindly requested to submit names, indicating the specific panel for which they are being proposed, to the Division for the Advancement of Women (DC2-1216), no later than Friday, 31 October 1997.
Maintaining the quality of education was a matter of particular concern since difficulties were encountered in hiring qualified teachers on the contractual and daily-paid terms that were offered, with a preliminary study in the Jordan field indicating that use of daily-paid teachers negatively affected pupils’ performance.
96. The UNU Centre has a development-oriented project on Asia and Africa in the Global Economy, which got off the ground in 1997.
Once such missions are completed, programmes that will complement the findings of the surveys can begin, so as to free land for productive use again.
Coordination, programme and other questions: International Year for the
The survey was based on a questionnaire issued in connection with the above-mentioned memorandum from the Assistant Secretary-General of the Office of Central Support Services to all departments and offices and was followed up by interviews with offices in New York.
The Secretary-General notes that any drawing of funds from the Revolving Credit Fund entails a loss of interest to the Fund during the period of the drawing.
The consequence is that existing national systems contain incomplete data.
Representative of Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
It also observed that the headmen of villages in the area had been notified more than once of the fact that the area was a fire practice zone and that residents had been evacuated from there several times during the months preceding the incident.
(b) an external stop-valve fitted as close to the shell as reasonably practicable; and
139. The call for an international convention was also made by Italy in the Legal Committee of IMO, to which it submitted a proposal for a multilateral convention to combat illegal migration by sea (LEG 76/11/1).
An update on the discussions at the seventh session of the SBI will be provided in the report of that session.
185. On 4 February, Internal Security Minister, Avigdor Kahalani, stated that the peace process had often prevented the Israeli authorities from dealing with what he described as a phenomenon of illegal Palestinian construction in East Jerusalem.
In total, 196 projects were under implementation at the end of 1997, with a total loan amount of $398 million for 29 projects approved in this same year.
At least 30 per cent of detainees suffered from post-traumatic stress disorder.
Thailand will be joining the technologically advanced countries in the space league and will, in the near future, have the scientific and technological capabilities of working in space, on Earth’s land resources, in the environment and in the oceans.
This estimate covers the cost of refilling fire extinguishers, photographic supplies, packing and packaging supplies, oxygen and acetylene refills, freon gas, butane gas for cooking, assorted gas cylinders, kitchen items (cookery, cutlery), paper products, mosquito netting, mattresses, including covers, pillows, blankets and bed sheets, garbage bags, tablecloths (plastic and paper), plastic jerrycans, curtains, field toilets, operational maps and other miscellaneous supplies.
19. In 1997 and the first semester of 1998, the emphasis of reconstruction and development efforts has been on the completion of the remaining rehabilitation projects, on the one hand, and the launching of major economic development projects, on the other.
145. The continuing increase in acts of piracy and armed robbery against ships and the increasing violence of the attacks are a matter of great concern to the shipping industry.
Letter dated 29 October 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of the Republic of Moldova, Romania and Ukraine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the Chisinau Statement on Trilateral Cooperation, signed by the Presidents of the Republic of Moldova, Romania and Ukraine on 22 October 1998 (A/53/575)
The majority of these reductions are expected from the power sector.
35. In considering this issue, the expert group discussed a broad range of ideas and proposals aimed at minimizing the collateral damage of sanctions and providing practical assistance to third States, in particular developing countries, which would help them to cope with the special economic problems arising from the application of sanctions.
A panel discussion on land and natural resources was also held as part of the commemoration.
This portable tank instruction applies to Division 5.2, organic peroxides.
It is important to note that for several years the subvention has not been adjusted for inflation while the salaries have been adjusted.
Traditionally, the legal and administrative framework that governs the activities of Turkish cooperatives has been similar to that of other European nations.
Therefore capacity building, education and public awareness are other areas in which partnership arrangements between governments and NGOs are essential,
NGO efforts were usually based on the action plan developed by the global NGO network, known by its French acronym as RIOD, at a workshop in Ouagadougou in November 1994.
The Presidents reaffirm the importance of the continued use of the Baikonur launch site in the interests of Russia and Kazakhstan, all States of the Commonwealth of Independent States and other countries, and for world scientific progress.
The report shall also be transmitted to the other governing organs through the executive heads, as well as to the Administrative Committee on Coordination, the Federation of International Civil Servants’ Associations, the Coordinating Committee for International Staff Unions and Associations of the United Nations System, the staff representatives and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board
In accordance with the terms of General Assembly resolution 45/250 B, of 21 December 1990, the pension entitlement of the members of the International Court of Justice was changed to a fixed amount, effective 1 January 1991 (US$ 50,000 for a judge who had served a full nine-year term).
III. Recommendations of the Second Committee
In submitting projects and activities to the Foundation, the Secretary-General will provide supporting documentation as necessary and appropriate.
5. Takes note of the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;3
By paragraph 10 of its resolution 52/1 A, the Assembly also authorized a civilian establishment consisting of 10 Professional, 6 Field Service and 28 locally recruited staff.
The Committee is composed of the Vice-Chairman of the Majlis (parliament) of Turkmenistan, the Minister for Foreign Affairs, the Minister of Culture, the Minister of Education, the Minister of Justice, the Director of the Turkmen National Institute for Democracy and Human Rights, the Chairman of the Turkmenistan National Trade Unions Centre, the Chairman of the Women's League of Turkmenistan, the Chairman of the Turkmenistan Youth Alliance, the Director of
One might, therefore, argue that it is the prevalent approach to development, rather than internationally agreed trade rules, which constrains the choice of diversification- and development-related interventions. As an example, Box 1 gives a brief account of Sri Lanka’s diversification programme.
The Award could be conferred upon an institution, organization or individual with or without government affiliation.
On 28 March 1992, a state of emergency was decreed in the whole territory of the Republic.
345. On 18 December, a PA report showed that 50 settlements had been expanded in the West Bank during the month of November.
Their pattern, however, differs from the humanitarian catastrophes of the early 1990s: we now have scattered emergencies, smaller in size and with limited international visibility.
4. Part B of Appendix I to document ICCD/COP(1)/5 lists the criteria that the INCD recommended to the COP for selecting an organization to house the Global Mechanism.
However, such a conference cannot be held before 1999, since States must hold consultations on the Commission’s draft articles and drafting changes will have to be made, in addition to the fact that States already have a very heavy negotiating schedule.
Provision is made at the rate of $2 per person per month for 1,000 person/months.
At one point, they forced the legislators into one of the shacks to separate them from the others.
Another delegation proposed a second alternative more in line with the 1952 Convention: “This convention shall apply to any sea-going ship within the jurisdiction of any State Party.”
130. A witness stated that many students from the Gaza Strip had had to abandon their studies at educational institutions in the West Bank such as Bir Zeit University as a result of not being given permits.
The Web has radically improved the flexibility with which information can be exchanged compared with previous distance modes of communication, information-sharing and entertainment – e.g. the telephone, books and television.
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
28. Statement XLI in part one and XVIII in part two present the financial results of UNSMIH.
1 July 1997-30 June 1998 (resolution 51/233)
57. The conclusion from the data presented here is that there is not one single trend in internal income distribution.
3 Sound technicians/recording (work—days)
Again, we agree with the conclusion reached by the Special Rapporteur Mr. Jose D. Ingles, namely that: "The right to change one's nationality presupposes the right to leave one's country.
The Secretary-General will then include them in performance reports, and seek approval for redeployment of resources to the Development Account.
18. Attempts have also been made to make the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs more supportive of field activities, in particular through the expanded use of Office-led inter-agency teams to negotiate acceptance of humanitarian principles in specific situations where these are threatened, and for contingency planning.
Statement IX. United Nations general trust funds: statement of
The Administration should comply fully with the established instruction that before projects are accepted the necessary land permits should be obtained (para. 41).
It was clear that successful interventions in supplementary and therapeutic feeding, emergency health and water and sanitation as well as the coordinated and timely delivery of seeds and tools and other household food security inputs must all accompany food distributions if the basic survival needs of populations in acute risk were to be met.
Deficiencies in computerized systems and reconciliation of claims
Of the 52 farms which suffered damage, 11 were totally destroyed, 2 were largely destroyed and 29 were partially destroyed.
Recalling Economic and Social Council resolution 1993/32 of 27 July 1993 and the draft rules of procedure for United Nations congresses on the prevention of crime and the treatment of offenders annexed to that resolution,
It is not my intention to go into history. But I must point out that the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus was declared two decades after striving for the restoration of the partnership State, eight years after the population exchange agreement with you and only after the United Nations-facilitated talks for a political settlement were frustrated by the Greek Cypriot side.
11. At the 47th meeting, on 16 November, the representative of Cuba introduced a draft resolution entitled “Respect for the right to universal freedom of travel and the vital importance of family reunification” (A/C.3/53/L.36).
But in many product areas such as fertilizers, pharmaceuticals and plate glass, domestic and international price differentials persisted because of manufacturing and marketing linkages between domestic and foreign firms.
The SBI encouraged Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to submit second national communications and inventory data by 15 April 1997 or the other date determined by decision 9/CP.2 of the second session of the COP for Parties with economies in transition.
However, in the current biennium, over 60 per cent of the Office’s costs are still funded from extrabudgetary resources.
The World Institute for Development Economics Research (UNU/WIDER) in Helsinki;
Allegations of collusion between brothel owners and authorities, including the police, have also been received by COHCHR.
Argentina, Azerbaijan, Belarus, China, Cyprus, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Georgia, India, Japan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Malta, Marshall Islands, Pakistan, Republic of Korea, Singapore, Uzbekistan.
The Permanent Mission of the Republic of Indonesia to the United Nations has the honour to request the Secretary-General to have the present note verbale circulated as a document of the General Assembly.
Reaffirming that the costs of the Mission are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,
2. Despite the Committee's repeated requests, Papua New Guinea has not resumed its dialogue with the Committee.
Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
115. Improving the financial situation of the United Nations (P.118).
A major problem observed by the Mission was the haphazard transmission of information about individual detainees between the prison administration and the judicial system and vice versa.
The total amount of $121,224, inclusive of programme support cost, has been authorized for expenditure through the end of December 1997.
The Committee was greatly disturbed that 21 per cent of the population of Nigeria lives below the poverty line in spite of the country’s rich natural resources.
7. Requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Mission against General Service posts, commensurate with the requirements of the Mission;
Information is also requested concerning the proportions of ethnic minority groups and aliens residing in the country.
These programmes included restrictive monetary and fiscal policies, financial sector consolidation and structural reform.
(d) The actuarial analysis took into account the indexation provisions of UNJSPF and local plans.
Sectoral attributions of regulatory bodies (legislative recommendation 16 and paras. 72 and 73)
Space engineering curricula were expanded at the university level.
In order to reflect in policies the latest scientific information, such as IPCC Assessment Reports, a mechanism to regularly review this Protocol should be included.
The importance for developing countries of having a clear understanding of the issues which confronted them, especially when choices had to be made and new and innovative answers found, could not be over-emphasized.
As mentioned earlier, implementation has been slow in some areas, but institutionally the future of these schemes looks promising.
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF CHILDREN
For unknown reasons, the Lahad militia prevented males under 50 years of age from Kafr Killa, Tayyibah, Udaysah and Rabb Thalathin from crossing into the liberated areas by way of the Kafr Tibnit crossing.
40. On 21 April, Government officials stated that the Palestinian Authority had deployed 16,000 more police officers than are allowed by the Oslo Accords, making the Palestinian Authority-controlled areas one of the most heavily policed areas in the world (while Switzerland has two officers per 1,000 residents and Spain 4.5, the Palestinian Authority has 16.7 policemen per 1,000 residents).
a Participated in the thirtieth session, 16–18 March 1998.
1. The present report is submitted pursuant to section VII of General Assembly resolution 51/226 of 25 April 1997, in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report on the following 19 questions:
For those same 50 years, however, the need has remained for effective means to ensure the implementation and efficiency of the Convention.
These were designed not so much to compensate adequately the individuals concerned for their services but to acknowledge a substantial sacrifice of time and financial interest on their part.
23. A mine awareness education plan and procedures for reporting unexploded ordnance and artifacts should be set out and geared towards both demobilized soldiers and civilians.
10. The group III assets classification is for equipment written off or lost, with a total original value of $7,186,800 (equivalent to 49.3 per cent of the total value) and a residual value of $3,412,300.
Data is reported on the basis of country of procurement for goods and country of the head office for services.
27. Significant work has already been completed in the field, where computer systems have been checked and, where necessary, are being upgraded.
At its fourth session, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) requested the secretariat to compile and synthesize information on emissions affected by weather and electricity trade, as well as the methodologies used for adjustments, from the national communications submitted by Parties and the in-depth reviews (FCCC/SBSTA/1996/20).
Initial meetings identified as priorities information collection, analysis and exchanges, research and development, transfer of technology, capacity-building, education and public awareness.
Changes in the plant itself is just a first step.
of the Permanent Mission of Cyprus to the United Nations
However, the amount of interest apportioned to the special-purpose fund needs to be assigned more precisely to the individual trust funds comprising the fund balance.
78. The Special Representative strongly encourages and supports the efforts of the Government to prosecute violations committed by some elements of its armed forces.
However, concerns have been expressed about the lack of clarity in the roles, rules of engagement, command structures and identification of the specialized units (given that different specialized units wear similar black uniforms).
In some cases, agreements between Governments, airlines and other transportation companies have been signed to prevent illegal access to arms, explosives and drugs using aircraft and vehicles.
CO2 removals by sinks were estimated separately, as required by the guidelines, at 8,555 Gg per year.
The others are all national southern organizations, more frequently involved in protracted refugee operations or development projects.
140. The representative indicated that there had been an awareness-raising campaign concerning the need to have more women legislators and senators and that women had been elected into local government councils and the state and federal legislatures.
(b) Special economic assistance to individual countries or regions;3
It was suggested that States should devise effective criminal legislation to combat the corrupt activities of public officials, which could hinder development and damage individuals or the entire nation.
Nonetheless, it is difficult to plan effectively for many of the countries and projects the Office is involved in.
181. Training activities envisaged for 1998-1999 will be based on the provision of assistance to Member States, through exercises, support to training institutions, the standardization of training and the development of training tools.
The Committee on Relations with the Host Country will meet on Wednesday, 5 November 1997, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room 8.
Department of Environmental Affairs, Arlington, VA. Most of the south-east Asian heroin enters the United States, after transiting Asian countries and territories, in particular Hong Kong, Japan, Malaysia, Philippines, Republic of Korea, Singapore and Taiwan Province of China, and in maritime freight and air freight cargo consignments.
“Calls upon the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and other parties to the conflict to allow the International Committee of the Red Cross unhindered access to all persons detained within the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo”
Welcoming the decision on the proliferation of small arms and light weapons taken by the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity at its sixty-eighth ordinary session, held at Ouagadougou from 4 to 7 June 1998, See A/53/179, annex I.
Thus, the Assembly may wish to call for measures that can be supported by the requisite resources and support mechanisms to permit their rapid and global implementation.
(a) Poster-cum-brochure on human rights education on the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (DPI/1653) in Arabic (5,000), Russian (5,000) and Chinese (3,000);
These obligations are of an immediate nature and are not qualified by resource-related considerations.
25. AALCC continues to monitor closely the work and functioning of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea and the International Seabed Authority and the organs therefor. At its thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh sessions, the Consultative Committee urged full and effective participation of its member States in the Authority so as to ensure and safeguard the legitimate interests of the developing countries and to strengthen the principle of the common heritage of mankind.
Briefing by Ambassador Richard Butler, Executive Chairman of the Special Commission established by the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 9 (b) (i) of Security Council resolution 687 (1991)
During the second stage, starting on 1 January 1998, products which have been subject to quotas will be included, but will represent only marginal shares of imports into major markets.
The Committee heard an address by Professor Herman B. Leonard, from Harvard University on “Building strategies for public policies in a globalizing environment”.
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
Provision is made in the total amount of $19,600 for bank charges at a rate of $700 per month based on past experience ($8,400) and for development of films ($200).
Against this background, the University is currently in the process of reviewing its programmes so that it might be in a better position to act as a bridge between the United Nations and the international academic community and to perform think-tank functions for the Organization.
56 Report of CCAMLR to the Twenty-second Antarctic Treaty Consultative Meeting (XXII ATCM/IP21), April 1998, para. 8.
Between 1530 and 1630 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm mortar shells at Mazra`at Umqata, areas along the Tasah Spring and the outskirts of Luwayzah from their position at Ksarat al-Urush.
V. Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee
Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
It was not acceptable to bring the Business Plan into question.
At this time, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs is reviewing the position of the Ministry of Finance with a view to seeking an appropriate resolution within the framework of the privileges and immunities of the United Nations and its organizations.
No construction by Palestinians was allowed up to a distance of 150 metres on either side of the road while the limit for settlers is 4 metres.
The message conveyed by the first hearings was that the international community will no longer tolerate the situation whereby a national of one country will travel abroad to engage in sexual crimes against children, evade criminal prosecution in the country where the crimes were committed, and expect to return home with full impunity.
Objective: to substantially reduce illicit opium cultivation in Afghanistan and to address the problems of drug abuse.
Refusal to sell Refusals to sell have been prohibited by the legislature, firstly in order to protect consumers against traders of dubious character, and secondly to guarantee all buyers of a given product the same opportunities to acquire it without fear of meeting with a refusal.
The International Programme on More and Better Jobs for Women will be the ILO contribution to the successful implementation of the Beijing Conference and the gender dimensions of the World Summit for Social Development (Copenhagen, 1995).
192. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision 6, entitled “Rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic religious and linguistic minorities”, recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/1998/L.24, chap. I, sect. B). See Council decision 1998/246.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC
By developing the necessary physical infrastructure, knowledge and skills, including in cooperation with the private sector, as well as providing appropriate incentives, the government can promote innovative capacity and structural change in the economy.
Notwithstanding paragraph 251 above, the withdrawal by an Annex _ Party from this Protocol shall not operate to limit its liability for any claim that may have accrued against it pursuant to Article _ (on economic injuries sustained by developing countries) prior to the effective date of such withdrawal.
Consequently, the Panel decides that costs incurred by Governments in evacuating their citizens from Iraq or Kuwait during the period of 2 August 1990 to 2 March 1991 should be compensated to the extent they are adequately supported by documentary or other appropriate evidence.
2 Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3-14 June 1992, vol. I, Resolutions Adopted by the Conference (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.93.I.8 and Corrigendum), resolution 1, annex II.
Financial management (transparency and accountability)
The Committee expresses its concern regarding the lack of sufficient awareness of the principles and provisions of the Convention in all parts of society, among adults and children alike.
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).
“We reiterate our support for all efforts effectively to promote the safety and security of United Nations peacekeeping personnel.
362. Maternal mortality had declined significantly, owing to awareness-raising and training campaigns.
The report is divided in two parts, one covering the audit of financial issues and the other the audit of management issues.
Note by the Secretary-General on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions (A/53/337)
4. The emphasis of the Conference is increasingly on avoiding duplication and better coordination.
They may include disrupted production due to the absence or higher cost of sanctioned supplies, suspended financial inputs and services, foregone profit tax or tariff revenues, lost jobs or income and the ensuing increase in social expenditures.
The Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency presented the report of the Agency for the year 1996.
The memorandum of understanding will also result in priority being given to training programmes for cross-border law enforcement operations, measures against money-laundering and drug abuse prevention.
Maximum admissible educational expenses (attendance only)
One speaker was of the view that the role of information should be strengthened to stimulate development assistance worldwide.
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions considered an advance copy of the statement of the Secretary-General submitted in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly on the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/53/L.66 (A/C.5/53/45).
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 5 (A/51/5), vol.
It is clear, however, that, despite their high level of education, unemployment amongst Bulgarian women warrants the serious attention and efforts of the Bulgarian Government.
However, as shown by the minutes of the Headquarters Committee on Contracts, owing to the short time available, the broker was “unable to provide a quotation, but expressed willingness to pursue the matter at the next renewal if invited”.
This redeployment will enable the decentralization to the country and regional offices of the responsibility and authority over each of the seven regional programmes, with headquarters maintaining overall policy control and managerial oversight.
9. Notwithstanding some difficulties, efforts have continued to strengthen democratic institutions and to bring military and public security bodies under the control of civilian authorities.
It recommends that comprehensive studies be initiated on these important issues to provide better understanding of these phenomena and facilitate the elaboration of policies and programmes to combat them effectively.
By decision 1998/271, the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/76, endorsed the Commission’s decision to renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography for a further three years and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session and a report to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session.
The formal opening of the exhibition is scheduled for 6 p.m. on Monday, 1 December 1997, in the Public Lobby of the General Assembly Building.
The Committee is also concerned at the increase in the number of children living and/or working on the street in major cities.
92. This work is organized into five programmes:
Among such limitations (real or perceived), the following appear of particular importance for developing countries and economies in transition and would require increased international attention: access cost (which still remains too high in many parts of the world, either because of telecommunication charges or ISP pricing or both), and security of transactions and payments (see box 5 below).
The largest number of displaced originated in Bahr Al Ghazal.
Some schemes, including those of Switzerland and the European Union, have added donor country content provisions to their rules of origin.
It should not challenge the requests of non-members seeking to be heard at meetings of the Council;
Demand reduction is now considered to be as important a deterrent to drug abuse as reducing illicit drug crop cultivation and illicit drug manufacture, or combating illicit drug trafficking.
Table 2 set out in Section D of this chapter (below) presents a recommended framework for environmental disclosures within the annual report to shareholders.
At 1715 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm mortar shells at Jabal Sujud and Jabal al-Rafi` from their position at Ayshiyah and strafed the areas around their positions at Qal`at al-Shaqif (Château de Beaufort) and on Dabshah hill with medium-weapons fire.
Professional category and above Under-Secretary-General
Letter dated 11 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
"19. The Secretary-General is invited to consider, upon request by interested Governments, how the various elements contained in the present Accord might be carried out, and to examine with them the most suitable modalities for following up appropriate activities, at the national, regional and international levels;
Although this report is largely concerned with cooperation with other organizations, it would not be complete without a reference to UNCTAD’s cooperation with the business community.
Mr. Aka Edoukou Jean-Baptiste Kablan (Côte d’Ivoire)
36. Accordingly, UNFPA is collaborating with LAS and ESCWA in the preparation of the Arab Population Conference on the implementation of the ICPD Programme of Action.
10. Balanced regional development, the third goal of the new orientation, became the focus of national debate as a consequence of the eruption of social unrest centred in the Baalbeck-Hermel area in the summer of 1997.
17. The GM would report to the COP through the Head of the Housing Organization.
While a number of activities had to be terminated, an equal number was added by the secretariat as part of the need to readjust the programme of work.
XIII. Efforts to achieve the level of 70 per cent of permanent appointments in posts subject to geographical distribution
This involvement of the private sector should be made flexibly open-ended by also providing scope for private-sector participation in transit policy decision-making.
It also requests more information on measures that had been taken or would be taken as follow-up to the Customary Law Declaration of 1963.
The French text should be brought into line with the English.
1. The Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea is of the position that the embargo imposed by the United States against Cuba, in whatever form, should be lifted at the earliest possible date as it constitutes a contravention of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and international law.
Between 1100 and 1130 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South and the Jazzin area at various altitudes.
As indicated in paragraph 20 of annex III.C to the Secretary-General’s report, the requirement for additional space had to be met by the rental of an annex to the headquarters at a cost of $3,000 per month.
This implies a review of development policies of the last decades, their successes or their failures and the need to investigate new approaches in this field.
Such resolutions only detract from the process of negotiations.
(ii) Action-oriented study on the resettlement of street children ($55,750);
89. The mandate for paragraph 15.9 (f) was questioned.
“The Walwal incident (5 December 1934), so called after a frontier post on Ethiopia’s border with Italian Somaliland, was a product of ill-demarcated or undemarcated boundaries that Ethiopia had come to acquire after and as a result of Adwa.
342. The Committee recommends that the Government continue its efforts to mainstream a gender perspective in all its reforms.
5. The Advisory Committee stresses the importance of implementing all of the expert’s recommendations, including those on appropriate IT infrastructure, long-term maintenance and inter-agency governance framework.
The resolution does not disclose the nature of these crimes but simply refers to them.
There will be a meeting of the Staff Council today, 20 November 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 1.
Only Japan can be considered to be a major growing market, while some developed countries -notably the EU and the United States - have sharply increased their exports in recent years, negatively affecting exports from developing countries.
Recalling its resolutions, in particular resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, on follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on Women and full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action, and agreed conclusions and relevant resolutions of the Commission on the Status of Women and the Economic and Social Council on the follow-up to the Conference,
The others, at various stages of development, will be delivered during the first quarter of 1999.
It was noted, moreover, that at a recent OECD seminar on ethics, which two members of the Commission had attended, the matter of financial disclosure had not been broached.
In support of the industrial development process in member States and of joint industrial cooperation efforts to achieve industrial development on an integrated basis, and with a view to increasing the contribution of the industrial sector to gross national product, the Supreme Council approved the amended version of the unified strategy for the industrial development of the Gulf Cooperation Council States.
195. Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations and its Working Group [General Assembly resolution 2006 (XIX)]
(b) Without reference to Local Committee on Contracts: up to 50,000;
In addition, numerous country briefs were prepared upon request.
(b) The existing technical measures for operating the post adjustment system within the approved margin range were producing the desired results.
The Committee notes that so far the results of this initiative have not led to an enlargement of the donor base.
Principle 18: Specific measures relating to archives containing names
In addition to public networks, rapid advances have also been made in the construction of specialized satellite networks.
According to the Inspectorate for Social Labour, 33 brothel owners have been arrested since the crackdown in Phnom Penh.
What it does require, however, are properly organized and duly equipped public administration systems, encompassing structures and policies that can attract, retain, develop and motivate high-calibre personnel.
The Council expressed satisfaction at the steps that had been taken, affirming the importance of continued implementation of all military cooperation programmes intended to strengthen the collective defence capabilities of every Council State.
1974-1982 At all sessions of the Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea.
(e) Aiding African countries in joining the global trading system and assisting them in developing trade negotiating capacity as well as improving their competition capacities and policies;
1. Draft general recommendation on article 12
Algeria, Argentina, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Czech Republic, Ecuador, Finland, France, Germany, Guyana, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Latvia, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
31. Also encourages the inclusion of programmes of United Nations Radio, in all available languages, on the United Nations home page on the Internet;
It is recognized that there is considerable potential for improving efficiency in the generation of heat and for conserving energy in residential buildings.
Schedule 33.1 United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium
It reviews, verifies and certifies claims from Governments for supplies and services, death and disability, as well as for reimbursement of the use of contingent-owned equipment.
“4. At each regular session the Board shall adopt the provisional agenda for the following regular session, in accordance with rules 10 and 11 of its Rules of Procedure.
34. Transparency, participation and consensus are vital elements for the implementation of such a process among countries and within them.
According to the interpretation of that Office, the term “retirees”, within the meaning of subparagraph (b) of decision 51/408, refers only to retired staff members receiving a pension benefit from the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund.
50. For the Registry, the staffing requirements in the proposed budget for 1999 comprise 456 posts (176 Professional, 181 General Service and 99 Security personnel), including the addition of 171 posts (56 Professional and 87 General Service and 28 security personnel).
Israel, the occupying Power, decided yesterday to invite tenders for the construction of housing units in a new settlement to be established on Jabal Abu Ghneim in the West Bank to the south of Occupied East Jerusalem.
AND CONSOLIDATE NEW OR RESTORED DEMOCRACIES
Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention: First compilation and synthesis of second national communications from Annex I Parties
The international community must exert greater and concerted political and diplomatic pressure in order to achieve an immediate ceasefire.
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Second Committee in paragraph 7 of Part V of its report (A/52/626/Add.4) and as orally amended by the representative of Venezuela (resolution 52/185).
Settlements Foundation for the biennium 1996-1997
The European Union did not necessarily accept the basis on which those suggestions were made.
The representative of Luxembourg corrected the text.
Through its analytical work, ECE will address such issues as economic reforms and its impact on income distribution, employment and poverty.
The report of the Economic and Social Council is considered in four of the Main Committees and in plenary meetings.
The considerable differences in the health sector across countries were acknowledged.
At its substantive session of 1998, the Economic and Social Council recommended that the General Assembly, at its fifty-third session, proclaim the year 2002 as the International Year of Mountains (Council resolution 1998/30).
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/211 B).
UNIDO United Nations Industrial Development Organization
The Eighth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, held at Havana from 27 August to 7 September 1990, noted in its resolution 7 on corruption in Government that that form of corruption was universal and that it had deleterious effects on the economies of all countries, but particularly those of the developing countries.
4. The President of the Republic of Turkey expressed his support to the realization of the principles of the Tbilisi Declaration on Peace, Security and Cooperation in the Caucasus Region (A/51/89, annex), signed by the President of the Azerbaijani Republic and the President of Georgia.
In these respects, it showed progress in comparison with reports that had been prepared in the past.
The Board recommended that the Mission review those projects which were regarded as still in progress to determine their actual status and whether the project still met the requirements for funding from the quick impact fund.
The spouses of the Mission’s Chief Finance Officer and the Chief of General Services were employed in functions which could result in conflicts of interest.
Having reviewed the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on the establishment of a roster of independent experts,
Thirty-four countries in Africa are involved in the programme.
As to the prospects for fisheries management, GFCM has indicated its intention to regulate fishing through direct control of the fishing effort, primarily through adjustments to fleet capacity, backed as necessary by appropriate technical measures such as closed areas, closed seasons and limitations on the use of fishing gear.
Moreover, since the tight restrictions on some imports were accompanied by low or zero tariffs on others, the average tariff rate and overall coverage were quite low.
The Government of Cyprus, for its part, has given ample proof of its desire to find a peaceful solution to the Cyprus problem providing security and prosperity to both communities on the island.
The general principles underlying regional cooperation, as well as the three themes of economic cooperation, sustainable development and poverty alleviation, were endorsed.
The great leader of our people Comrade Kim Il Sung advanced the proposal for founding the “Democratic Confederal Republic of Koryo” as a unified national State following a confederation formula, based on one nation, one State, two systems and two governments, at the sixth Congress of the Workers’ Party of Korea on 10 October 1980.
The aim is to integrate the system’s analytical capabilities, its capacity for political mediation and humanitarian response, and its experience in development cooperation into a coherent force to build and sustain peace.
“3. The Council reiterates the recommendation of the World Conference concerning the assignment of human rights officers to regional offices of the United Nations to assist in the dissemination of information, training and other technical assistance in the field of human rights.
There is therefore an inherent conflict between the provisions of the State’s constitution and its reservation to the Convention.
28. In November 1997, OAU, ECA and UNEP convened the seventh session of AMCEN in order to review the AMCEN constitution, rules of procedure and a proposal on contribution quotas to its trust fund, with a view to formalizing AMCEN as the African intergovernmental body on the environment, and also to deliberate on environmental issues of concern to the Africa region.
141. Unfortunately, existing biosensors are capable of detecting only a very small number of pathogens or toxins, and they do not work in real time.
UNICEF is collaborating in a number of countries to address commercial sexual exploitation with specific emphasis on trafficking of women and children, and the problem of sex tourism.
131. Other efforts by UNDCP to strengthen regional cooperation include the joint project with IMO in the Latin American and Caribbean region, aimed at developing a model training course on combating illicit trafficking by sea.
The Assembly adopted draft decisions I to V recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 21 of the same report.
It also mandated the continuation of regional cooperation initiatives and invited international organizations to provide financial and technical support to the preparation of the regional action programme.
“26. Reaffirms the Mid-term Global Review of Progress towards the Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s, in particular the appropriate actions in favour of those countries concerning their official bilateral commercial and multilateral debt;
1297. The Committee recommends that the State party take all available measures to ensure the prompt enactment of the Children Bill of 1996, especially in relation to the administration of the juvenile justice system, with due regard to the principles and provisions of the Convention and other relevant international standards such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty.
Between 1745 and 2045 hours Israeli forces fired 21 15-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Tibnin, Burj Qallawi, Ghanduriyah and Wadi al-Qaysiyah from their position at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal.
320. The Committee recommends that improvement of access to and the quality of primary health-care services be urgently undertaken.
Other uses]] Annex C The emission commitments for each Party mentioned in Article 3.3 shall be established through a process based on the application of specific criteria including, as appropriate, the following:
938. The Committee also recommends that the State party give priority to the development of a system of data collection and to the identification of appropriate disaggregated indicators with a view to addressing all areas of the Convention and all groups of children.
B. Organization of the work of the session
The Knesset was reportedly considering a draft law that aimed to exempt Israel’s security forces from civil liability for most of their activities in the West Bank (with the exception of East Jerusalem) and the Gaza Strip.
Besides enhancing the quality of services, the project was the first of its kind in terms of making a variety of services available at one location.
4. The revisions reflect the decisions of the General Assembly in its resolutions 52/12 A of 12 November and B of 19 December 1997, on the reform relating to humanitarian assistance proposed by the Secretary-General in his report entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform” (A/51/950), and resolutions 52/220 and 52/221 of 22 December 1997 on the programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999.
Also, who should have access to them and under what conditions?
Summary of actions completed and outstanding
62. Ad Hoc Group of States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction, tenth session [General Assembly resolution 49/86]
6. The following organizations, specially invited by the secretariat, attended the meeting:
A kit for assessing the relevance of national plans of action and one for monitoring implementation were developed.
Under the demobilization programme, the Government of South Africa provided field defence stores for the establishment of eight weapons storage areas.
37. The Board noted that there was a substantial timelag between the operational closure of projects and their financial closure.
The summit brought together over 2,500 participants and launched a global effort to reach 100 million of the world's poorest families, especially women, with credit for self-employment and other financial and business services by the year 2005.
It is also concerned about the fact that the Government provides contradictory information on whether women’s unemployment is higher than that of men.
The total change in net transfer to these countries in the aftermath of the 1994 Mexican crisis was much more limited, equivalent to about 1 per cent of GDP (the countries are Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Mexico and Venezuela).
The recommendation concerning the award of a certificate of excellence to training institutions is not generally supported.
B. Pros and cons of joint implementation and emissions trading
The Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services made a statement and responded to questions posed.
Among the actions which are being undertaken are the abolition of administrative measures for the control of foreign trade and prices; the adaptation of the tax structure so as to promote private investment; and the preparation of a legal study and a plan of action to guarantee the execution of contracts, and the free opening and closure of enterprises.
23. It is the professional judgement of the Chief Constable of the RUC that plastic baton rounds must continue to be available to the security forces as a means of controlling difficult and potentially life—threatening public order situations, especially if the consequences of failure to control the situation are serious and as other methods have proved in the past to be inadequate.
The contractor's residual obligations are those concerning warranties and guarantees of equipment, which are being monitored and administered locally by ECA.
Communications Apportionment: $4,732,600; expenditure: $4,254,500; variance: $478,100
Local communities continue to be highly vulnerable and access to them is severely curtailed.
39. In addition, the chairpersons reiterated their view, expressed in previous reports, of the importance of providing human rights training to all United Nations personnel in the field, particularly those engaged in missions that may have an impact on the enjoyment of human rights in the areas where they are stationed, including peacekeepers.
It was also suggested that unsolicited proposals should meet acceptable technical and quality standards in order to be considered by the awarding authority.
45. The rescue is notable in that there was no attempt to restructure the debt profile, probably because debt was largely in the form of bonds that had been widely dispersed among portfolio investors. It would have been extremely difficult to locate the creditors and to organize a mechanism through which restructuring could be negotiated, and the free-rider problems would have been uncontrollable.
B. Conditions that are restrictive with respect to Palestinians in Gaza, the West Bank and East Jerusalem
Table 2. Net private capital flows to low and middle income
“(e) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa”
16. Calls upon the Secretariat to make its procedures for obtaining waivers to the sixteen-page rule more rigorous, while maintaining, however, the necessary degree of flexibility, with a view to encouraging author departments to reduce the length of their submissions while maintaining high standards of quality;
It realized, however, that compliance with those measures by legal fisherfolk had been less than 100 per cent, while illegal fishing vessels had killed many more seabirds than the legal vessels since the former did not abide by the rules to reduce seabird by-catch in any way whatsoever.
This practice helped to maintain an ongoing dialogue with the Administration on audit issues.
8. The range of sources of income from project implementation are detailed in schedule 1 of the financial statements.
GC.7/Res.6 INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT CO-OPERATION: SECOND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT DECADE FOR AFRICA
(f) Ameliorating the conditions under which Palestinians in Gaza travel from Gaza into Israel through the Erez border crossing.
Ukrainian-Turkish joint communiqué issued on 21 May 1998 in Kiev
decides on the applications (see under (a) above); such exempting or authorizing decisions may be subjected to conditions (for instance, in order to moderate the disadvantageous effects of a concentration, the divestiture of specified parts of the undertakings or specified assets or the relinquishment of control over an indirect participant may be set as a condition for the authorization), such exemptions may be granted for a limited period;
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 116 appear in the report of the Committee contained in documents A/52/744 and Add.1 and 2.
COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED NATIONS AND THE ORGANIZATION OF AFRICAN UNITY
The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the members of the General Assembly the periodic report submitted by Mr. Jiri Dienstbier, Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 52/147 of 12 December 1997 and Economic and Social Council decision 1998/272.
(a) Most of the critical systems are proposed for migration to IMIS.
INFORMATION FURNISHED IN CONFORMITY WITH THE CONVENTION ON REGISTRATION OF OBJECTS LAUNCHED INTO OUTER SPACE
It is suggested that the agenda items be taken up sequentially, with the first plenary meeting on Monday, 17 November, being devoted to procedural matters, introductory statements and the commencement of the discussion under item 3.
Annex X Contribution to the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights
According to the annual report of the International Maritime Bureau of the International Chamber of Commerce on piracy and armed robbery, during 1997, 51 crew members were killed, 30 were injured, 22 assaulted, 116 threatened and 412 were taken hostage.
With respect to children, this element of involuntariness would be for the most part assumed, regardless of any actual consent of the child to the transaction.
1. Introductory comments by the Chairman 103 - 107 27
Another regional seminar on supplier credit in subregional development banks is being considered in collaboration with ESAIDARM.
12. Staff rule 107.21, Excess baggage and unaccompanied shipments, is amended to simplify the current rule.
(b) Identification of key environmental performance indicators and their relation to financial performance.
351. The Committee urges the Government to take steps to ensure the de facto separation of the secular and religious spheres, with a view to ensuring the full implementation of the Convention.
7. Data are derived from the financial statements of the United Nations funds and programmes; see also footnotes to tables A-1 and B-1.
Between 1840 and 1850 hours Israeli aircraft overflew the South at high altitude.
These developments provide for the prompt and accurate identification of a future mission’s needs early in the mission planning process and allows for logistics support services to be costed more reliably.
94. With regard to financial implications, if the base/floor salary scale were to be adjusted on 1 March 1999 by 2.48 per cent through the usual method, the impact for the common system would be as follows:
42. One of the Institute’s capacity-building projects is entitled “Ad hoc Committee Meeting on Women in Natural Resource Conservation and Management for Sustainable Development”.
35. For 1997, the Antimonopoly Office of the Slovak Republic has prepared a project in the framework of the Country Operational Programme 1997, which is to provide for continuing activities contributing to the reform of the national system of competition protection in the light of the requirements of the EU.
Member of the Association Malienne des Droits de l'Homme (Malian Association for Human Rights).
I also support the proposal to reduce deductions to the pension fund from 40 per cent of GDP in 1997 to 35 per cent in 1999 and 30 per cent in the year 2000, with a simultaneous increase in accountability for breaches of tax legislation.
It was suggested that appropriate references to those circumstances should be included in paragraph 31.
1.What difference does it make that commitments are negotiated in either a bilateral or multilateral context?
Dick Gregory, comedian, along with musicians from around the world, will perform.
“Taking note of the draft resolution on least developed countries (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.1) proposed to the seventh session of the General Conference,
Thereafter, that same aircraft took off and landed at the illegal airport of Lefkoniko in the occupied area of the Republic, where it remained.
350. On 29 December, Channel 2 of Israeli television reported that Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had secretly approved a budget of NIS 8 million for land development in the Maaleh Efraim settlement and for the construction of 55 housing units in the area.
• Laser or particle beams as options for active missile defences or otherwise applied in a nuclear weapons context;
In the words of another delegation, it was important that the good news about the United Nations be told.
Seven Parties, whose contribution to the 1990 inventory amounted to 15 per cent, projected stabilization or decrease in CO2 emissions for 2000 compared to the base year levels.
201. Despite the considerable progress achieved in recent years in improving infant and maternal care, the Committee remains concerned about the relatively high maternal, infant and under-five mortality rates.
The Board noted with appreciation the preliminary report of the Director. It encouraged her to explore the possibility of seeking a cost-of-living index attached to the United Nations subvention to the budget of the Institute.
16. In addition to a decline in the aggregate income of the West Bank and Gaza Strip, the employment situation and the standard of living have also deteriorated.
Concern was expressed regarding the increase in requests from intergovernmental bodies to seek exceptions to the biennialization of their sessions.
Mr. A. Chakour (1st week) FAFICS (Alternate) Pensioners
The traditional concept of sale as exemplified above is that it pertains only to property – real, personal or incorporeal – and that the consideration is always price in money.
And if we stir in the amount of consensus that we mastered in the past, it will have a much better taste for the future.
22.6 In 1996 and the greater part of 1997, UNHCR’s major emergency relief work was centred on the Great Lakes region of Africa.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Review of the implementation of the Convention:
18. The three departments responsible for implementing the major programme on international cooperation for development, which have been merged into a single Department of Economic and Social Affairs, conducted 12 thematic evaluation studies.
GRAPH OF PLANNED AND ACTUAL DEPLOYMENT ... TO BE STRIPPED IN HERE
(iii) A third medical practitioner, who shall be selected by agreement between the other two members and who shall not be a medical officer of the United Nations.
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the Logistics BaseA/52/810 and A/52/858. and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,A/52/897. the report of the Office of Internal Oversight ServicesA/52/426, annex, para. 24.
The United Nations does not adhere to this distinction, since it does not reflect the fact that there is considerable overlapping among the various aspects of a country’s recovery, that is, peacekeeping and peace-building, reintegration of refugees and internally displaced persons, revival of communities, reconstruction and development.
4. Combined third and fourth periodic reports
6.6.4.14.10 The inspections and tests in 6.6.4.14.1, 6.6.4.14.3, 6.6.4.14.4, 6.6.4.14.5 and 6.6.4.14.7 shall be performed or witnessed by an expert approved by the competent authority or its authorized body.
68. The repetitive occurrence of financial crises in developing countries is a matter of serious concern for the international community.
110. The Committee remains concerned about the actual implementation of the civil rights and freedoms of children.
There will be a meeting of the Staff Council today, 6 Novem-ber 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
Meetings are often held, without prejudice to the rights of the members to full language services, with less than the full complement of interpreters and with documentation in advance form and in English only.
The AG13 agreed to the admission of ten non-governmental organizations and two intergovernmental organizations that had been screened by the secretariat, on the basis of the provisions of Article 7.6 of the Convention, without prejudice to subsequent action by the COP.
B. Factors and difficulties affecting the implementation of the Covenant
There are many ways these linkages can be improved.
1. The actuarial valuation as at 31 December 1997 was performed on a range of economic assumptions regarding future investment earnings and inflation.
When considering such issues, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will draw upon, inter alia, relevant international organizations.
In view of problems relating to the safety of witnesses, their resettlement and transferring them safely to and from the Tribunal, the Chambers normally grant requests for adjournment of trials; they have, however, had to devote much time to hearing a large number of motions by parties concerning such matters as the Tribunal’s competence, drafting flaws in indictments, transmittal of documents, witness protection and joinder of cases, and also occasionally the replacement of defence counsel.
Three UNDP-financed programmes – on governance and decentralization, gender in development, and non-governmental organization development – have been approved since the end of 1997.
24. The rise in the number of lynchings has prejudiced the social and institutional view of indigenous customary law, because such acts have been cited as examples of traditional indigenous justice, an unfounded attribution that is emphatically denied by indigenous organizations and representatives.
99. The economic decline of the Democratic Republic of the Congo had reached a new low when per capita gross domestic product was recorded at $117.
The lower level of reporting of CO2 emissions from iron and steel, non-ferrous metals and inorganic chemicals categories is apparently due to the fact that many Parties reported these emissions in the fuel combustion category.
The Court did not have the same clear opinion concerning Saami hunting rights in the Taxed Mountains, although it said that the Saami most likely also have such hunting rights.
Exchange rates were not adjusted until foreign exchange reserves had fallen to an extremely low level in late December 1994.
The main technical barriers for many countries, especially those of developing countries, are in the area of animal health.
1996/30 Measures to combat diversion of psychotropic substances and to establish effective control over operations carried out by intermediaries in international trade of psychotropic substances
24. A community-based health programme will facilitate capacity-building in small villages of 300 to 500 inhabitants.
Furthermore, the Assembly, in operative paragraphs 5 and 6 of the same resolution, stressed the need for 'the realization of the inalienable rights of the Palestinian people, primarily the right to self-determination', and 'the withdrawal of Israel from the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967', and also stressed the need for 'resolving the problem of the Palestine refugees in conformity with its resolution 194 (III) of 11 December 1948'.
2. Add a footnote to the column headings reading “Control Temperature” and “Emergency Temperature” with the footnote to read:
In this context, while pressing States to clarify their position with regard to the rights at issue, the Committee reaffirms that a reservation to another human rights treaty cannot in any way diminish the obligations of a State under the Covenant.
One of the Vice-Presidents shall act as Rapporteur.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.6/52/L.6 and Corr.1 and A/C.6/52/L.7 and Corr.1
9. The expert from China described his Government's work in developing a rail transit corridor linking China with Europe, which was opened in 1994.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
The extent of national zones and the procedures for common use of the Caspian Sea will be subject to supplementary agreements.
It was noted that the United Nations global conferences had defined the relationship between economic growth and sustainable development, which was also reflected in the medium-term plan and the Agenda for Development.
∙ direct environment related operating costs
I should be grateful if the text of the present letter could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 62 and 153, and of the Security Council.
These groups can provide ongoing monitoring of and insights into the situation of children in Afghanistan, as part of an effort to focus public attention on the importance of protection and welfare of children.
This phase commences concurrently with the previous phase but has a longer duration of about 36-40 months after contract signing with the programme’s primary contractor;
(i) Reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/297, A/52/341, A/52/433, A/52/434, A/52/500, A/52/525, A/52/532, A/52/535, A/52/562, A/52/563, A/52/568, A/52/678);
The Special Representative is calling on them to develop activities in three areas in particular: building a movement of advocacy at both the national and international levels; developing operational programmes on the ground to respond better to the needs of victimized children; and to serve as an important source of independent and objective information on particular situations and issues.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the
As compared to the current level of UNFICYP vehicles, the proposed vehicle establishment includes 48 additional vehicles for commercial hire and the write-off of 8 vehicles (four 4x4 trucks) with replacement.
We recall with pride the awarding of the 1988 Nobel Peace Prize to the peacekeeping forces of the United Nations, and we welcome the establishment by the United Nations Security Council of the Dag Hammarskjöld Medal as a tribute to the sacrifice of those who have lost their lives while serving in peacekeeping operations under the operational control and authority of the United Nations.
(d) Operative paragraph 15, which had read:
24. Concluding his report, the Secretary-General reminded the Council of his intention, expressed in his April 1998 report (S/1998/316), to submit recommendations for a revised timetable for the full implementation of the settlement plan if, by the end of June 1998, sufficient progress had been made in the identification process and in the search for a solution to the contentious issue of tribal groupings H41, H61 and J51/52.
The representative of India made a statement.
At 3 p.m., a second panel on the theme "The New Multimedia Environment" will be moderated by Jan Mojto, President, Association of Commercial Television (ACT) of Europe.
49. Question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas).
Even more alarming is the increase in the number of street children, particularly restavek girls.
82. Expenditures on projects funded from general resources amounted to $6.6 million, a decrease of $1.1 million from 1996.
The unutilized balance of $1,447,500 was attributable primarily to the actual cost of fuel ($0.30 per litre) being 45 per cent lower than originally estimated ($0.55 per litre), owing to the fact that fuel for the fixed-wing aircraft was not subject to delivery and storage charges.
(c) Dependency on income from fossil fuels;
The development of appropriate administrative, institutional and legal structures for effective debt management requires the setting up of an adequate information system with detailed and aggregated data on loan contracts, past and future disbursements, and past and future debt service payments.
(b) The SBI also took note of the views expressed by Parties on the preparation and consideration of communications from non-Annex I Parties and of the two draft decisions on the consideration of initial communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
The achievement of the objective will imply development of a larger programme embodying a more comprehensive approach to strengthen capacities to increase seizures and more effectively dismantle drug-trafficking organizations.
IMPLEMENTATION OF THE OUTCOME OF THE FOURTH WORLD CONFERENCE ON WOMEN
Believing also that a better future can only be assured for the Arab nation by a firm commitment to the purposes and principles enshrined in the Charters and resolutions of the League of Arab States, the Organization of the Islamic Conference and the United Nations, with a view to avoiding the negative aspects of the past that have led to a state of fragmentation and lack of unity;
One medium-sized mission, one small mission
Book value of materiél shipped by the Base to missions in lieu of new procurement (i.e. the costs saved by the United Nations, by not having to procure brand new equipment to meet field missions’ requirements)
Some sections in China have been upgraded but many others are still in poor condition.
2. Preparations for the special session of the General Assembly to consider the fight against the illicit production, sale , demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and related activities and to propose new strategies, methods, practical activities and specific measures to strengthen international cooperation in addressing the problem of drug abuse and illicit trafficking.
IFAD has also cooperated mainly with southern partners in implementing projects.
The Advisory Committee recommends that, in his eleventh progress report on IMIS, the Secretary-General should propose a long-term maintenance plan for IMIS, which would also take into account the need to ensure that IMIS will be updated with the latest advances in technology.
(f) The Geneva Convention relative to the Treatment of Prisoners of War, of 12 August 1949;3
Yet the attainment of a proper mix of distributive and redistributive policies is important, because private initiative, although crucial, is not sufficient for the achievement of an equitable and prosperous society.
20. Also at the 1st meeting, statements were made under agenda item 3 by the representatives of Switzerland, Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Norther Ireland (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union) and Belarus.
(Signed) Marwan JILANI Chargé d'affaires a.i.
F. Supplementary explanation for the Civilian Police Support Group for the period from 16 January to 30 June 1998
The Fund has also shifted the focus of drought response from emergency relief to long-term resilience, an approach that extends to new concepts for project design and implementation that focus on flexible approaches for assisting local populations in taking the initiative.
This debate is scheduled to take place on 6 October 1997.
79. A ceremony to celebrate the 400th anniversary of the Edict of Nantes was held at UNESCO headquarters on 18 February 1998; President Chirac delivered a statement.
We Central Americans stand united before our peoples and the world in facing the magnitude of the disaster.
30. The Committee expresses its concern that the provision of social services appears to be concentrated in Beirut, to the disadvantage of the population living outside the capital.
As a result of the decision of the Security Council, the requirements contained in document A/52/512 for the liquidation of UNTMIH have been replaced by the requirements for MIPONUH for the period from 1 December 1997 to 30 June 1998.
A short table on the current biennium expenditures reported under this Fund is reflected in Table 2 of Annex II.
Correspondingly, UNDCP will attempt to forge more coordinated operational measures and a greater degree of cross-border cooperation among the five countries.
In the context of restructuring of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, different alternatives have been tested to optimize Secretariat servicing of the treaty bodies within the limits of available resources.
OBSERVATIONS 5. The signing of the Wye River memorandum by the Government of Israel and the Palestinian Liberation Organization is a promising development.
As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
OIOS has therefore reassessed the total loss resulting from the Government’s ban on the importation and distribution of Lysol (see appendix).
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion of the item.
In that connection, further action required to accelerate the fulfilment of the goals in the regional Social Development Agenda was determined.
Cognizant that the administering Power continues to implement its programme of transferring surplus federal land to the Government of Guam,
For instance, through projects like the Inter-Regional Centre for Entrepreneurship and Investment Training and the help it gives to the development of focal points for industrial and technology promotion, UNIDO builds capacity for continued financial flows into the industrial and service sectors.
17. We commend UNESCO and ASEAN for having jointly taken the initiative of organizing the Regional Symposium on Cooperative Peace in South-East Asia, which will undoubtedly open new avenues for closer dialogue and cooperation in South-East Asia as well as between South-East Asia and other regions of the world.
Ms. Miriam Estrada (Latin America) Alternate
FCCC/AG13/1996/1 Questionnaire on the establishment of a multilateral consultative process under Article 13: synthesis of responses
58. Investing in the entrepreneurial capacity of young women and young men and providing them with the necessary skills and resources to establish their own enterprises and businesses;
5. The revised budget provides for the deployment of 1,050 troops, 35 military observers and 26 civilian police.
(b) Safeguarding resources against loss resulting from waste, abuse, mismanagement, errors, fraud and other irregularities;
4. The opening meeting of the twentieth session of the Committee is being held on the same day that the United Nations has celebrated, here in the same room, World Press Freedom Day, to honour and remember those reporters, journalists and editors who were victims of censorship and repression and who, in many cases, died while serving in the line of duty and promoting a free press.
It organized expert forums on demand reduction, the regional meetings of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies (HONLEA), expert meetings on amphetamine-type stimulants, technical consultations, the improved research capabilities and the finalization of the first world drug report.
SUPPORT BY THE UNITED NATIONS SYSTEM OF THE EFFORTS OF GOVERNMENTS TO PROMOTE AND CONSOLIDATE NEW OR
IV. Issues related to the increase only of non-permanent membership:
(b) Rapid, reliable and transparent destruction of arms in accordance with the provisions of the peace accord is an indispensable step to rendering the peace agreement concrete.
XIII. CONSULTATION WITH AND REPRESENTATION OF NON—GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS
It therefore directed the parties to submit further written pleadings on the merits of their respective claims.
The amount by which the limit was exceeded in these eight cases averaged over $19,000 per retiree.
The draft decision on item 23 (GC.7/CRP.7) was adopted for recommendation to the plenary subject to the insertion of the name of an alternate member to be nominated by the Asian Group or by the Latin American and Caribbean Group.
25. Nuclear-weapon-free zones can be a valuable complement to the international regime for the prohibition of any nuclear-weapon-test explosion or any other nuclear explosion.
3. Current situation with respect to regional and subregional cooperation.
The statement is worth noting for the assessment it makes regarding national and international efforts to better protect the marine environment.
They are central nervous system stimulants and anorectics.
7. At its summer 1998 session, the Commission considered its programme of work for 1999, and decided that the issues outlined under annex I to the present report should be placed on the agendas for its two sessions in 1999.
Furthermore, earlier General Assembly resolutions recommended that expert meetings be held to study the question of mercenaries in greater depth and come up with proposals for greater legal clarity with regard to the prevention and punishment of mercenary activities.
Informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/ 52/L.22 (item 98 (b)), A/C.2/52/L.25 (item 98 (e))
1. Unless otherwise decided by the Conference of the Parties, the second, third and fourth ordinary sessions of the Conference of the Parties shall be held yearly, and thereafter, ordinary sessions shall be held every two years.
In particular, the experts from developing countries indicated their difficulty in implementing transit agreements for various reasons.
Therefore, the work of the United Nations system over the next five years should build on the progress achieved to date, as well as take bold new steps to promote and protect the rights of all people. The Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action should guide us in our efforts towards making that imperative a reality (see E/1998/60, conclusions).
Recalling its resolution 48/121 of 20 December 1993, in which it endorsed the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights, held at Vienna from 14 to 25 June 1993, A/CONF.157/24 (Part I), chap. III. as well as its subsequent resolutions on this matter, in particular resolution 52/148 of 12 December 1997,
296. The Committee recommends that the Code of Criminal Procedure and the Penal Code be enacted as soon as possible and reflect the provisions of the Convention.
Infant mortality rate per 1,000 live birthsa
3. Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives [112 (c)] (A/52/497, A/52/502, A/52/ 515, A/52/527, A/52/472, A/52/476, A/52/479, A/52/484, A/52/486/Add.1/Rev.1, A/52/490, A/52/493, A/52/496, A/52/499, A/52/505, A/52/506, A/52/510, A/52/522, A/52/ 583, A/52/587, A/52/61-S/1997/68, A/52/64, A/52/125-S/1997/334, A/52/170, A/C.3/52/2 and A/C.3/52/4)
During the intervening eight years, however, substantial new developments have been achieved in that field, necessitating an updating of the original report; this is provided below.
The report concludes with a time-table for the intergovernmental process towards the year 2000, when the special session will take place. It also indicates that, while it outlines positive development and activities in implementing the goals of the Summit, much more remains to be done at the international, regional and national levels to tackle the serious problems of poverty, unemployment and social disintegration faced by most countries.
A/53/456 1. The present report is submitted in response to General Assembly resolution 52/26 of 26 November 1997, by which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General, inter alia, to report to it annually on developments pertaining to the implementation of the 1982 United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea (UNCLOS) and on other developments and issues relating to ocean affairs and the law of the sea.
156. At the same meeting, the Council approved the draft resolution for adoption by the General Assembly.
Further work would need to be done, however, in order to increase linkages between TCDC-INRES and the databases in other United Nations organizations and agencies, such as those developed by FAO, in order to facilitate the exchange of data among the various organizations and agencies.
D. Measurement, reporting and communication of information 154 - 164 57
I was also able to discuss the peace process with the numerous partners of the United Nations system who are efficiently contributing to post-conflict peace-building in Guatemala, as was evidenced in the United Nations country team’s detailed presentation to the Economic and Social Council on 14 July.
19. Provision of $164,200 is made for the cost of spare parts, repairs and maintenance of United Nations-owned vehicles based on an average standard monthly cost of $200 per vehicle for an average fleet strength of 69 vehicles deployed to the Mission area during the 11.6-month period ($160,100).
CH4 emission reductions play a different role in different countries, increasing in importance in some (DEU, GBR, SLO) and declining in importance in others (CAN, USA).
The view was expressed that there was no mandate for the narrative proposed in paragraph 26.5 of the revisions.
The resulting income shall be credited to the appropriate fund or funds referred to in paragraphs 7, 9 and 10.
2. The present report has been prepared with a view to assisting the General Assembly in its consideration of the above-mentioned modalities for the special session.
132. The trial was scheduled to resume in May 1998, and the United Nations assisted the prosecution by producing several witnesses from several different locations around the world to testify at the resumed hearing.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
The Board noted that an amount of $81,786 had been accounted for as interest income of the Foundation without apportioning it to the special account for programme support costs.
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
9. With a view to improving the relationship with the media, a more flexible procedure should be adopted, such as having a press conference in the middle of the session rather than at the end.
The Committee welcomes the decisions of the Supreme Court upholding rights protected by the Covenant.
Vulnerable groups should be particularly targeted and community-based strategies employed in this regard.
25. The Working Group of the Whole had before it a document prepared by the Secretariat (A/AC.105/C.1/L.218) containing elements to be considered for inclusion in the full draft report of UNISPACE III and a report by the Secretariat on organizational matters relating to the holding of UNISPACE III (A/AC.105/685 and Corr.1).
The former was on the theme “Liberalization and competition policy”, during which the proposition “The more foreign direct investment policy is liberalized, the more important competition policy becomes” was debated, and the latter was on “Criteria to test the development friendliness of international investment agreements”.
All Governments without exception have a responsibility in the shelter sector, as exemplified by their creation of ministries of housing or agencies, by their allocation of funds for the housing sector and by their policies, programmes and projects.
OUR NEUTRALITY IS A COMPASS FOR FINDING PEACE IN THE REGION
The Council adopted the draft resolution.
UNCTAD participated in the second preparatory committee (Dakar, 5–8 May 1998), and discussions were under way for UNCTAD to participate in the fair to be held in Dakar in 1999 on issues related to cooperation, trade and trade facilitation.
For companies with less than US$ 3.5 million turnover, the waste minimisation effort would not be considered beneficial.R.N. Baylis et al., Environmental Regulation and Management: A Preliminary Analysis of a Survey of Manufacturing and Processing Companies in Industrial South Wales, 1997, Papers in Environmental Planning Research, Number 14, Department of City and Regional Planning, University of Wales, Cardiff, United Kingdom.
95. The Board’s audit of the greeting card and related operations Geneva office disclosed that of 5.4 million cards, 1.01 million (19 per cent) were used for sales promotion without the approval of the Property Survey Board.
The rebels also raped women belonging to indigenous ethnic groups, as acts of war.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on products harmful to health and the environment (A/53/156-E/1998/78);
During the General Assembly it is issued in the six official languages: Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Russian and Spanish.
Ireland agreed to participate in the restructured Global Environment Facility (GEF) in 1994.
III. FINANCIAL MECHANISMS AND INNOVATIVE APPROACHES TO 27-38 GENERATING RESOURCES FOR SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT
15. Having in mind the Libreville Declaration of 24 September 1998, and expressing their profound concern regarding the deterioration of the situation in Angola and the halting of the peace process in that country, the Ministers urged the União Nacional para a Independência Total de Angola (UNITA) to comply forthwith with the peace agreements, the Lusaka Protocol and relevant resolutions of the Security Council.
Considerable headway in the preparation of basic guidelines has been made, but there is an urgent need to consolidate and generate more substantial advise to missions in order to ensure adherence to United Nations policies and procedures and the application of lessons learned from previous operations.
44. The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development (P.44).
While the main text deals with the modalities by which IFAD will assist the GM in its operations, Annex 1 provides a response to those INCD "Criteria for the Selection of an Organization to House the Global Mechanism" not fully dealt with in the main text.
12. The above factors also influence the level of investment.
Police reported several incidents of violence, including stones thrown at police and passing motorists.
With respect to crowd control, a second specialized unit has been consolidated and the capital and regional units have been strengthened.
They also give rise to a need for new channels of communications between the age groups.
34. ILO - Governing Body, two hundred and seventy-third session
79. The Special Rapporteur recommends to the General Assembly that it reiterate its condemnation of mercenary activities, whatever form they take, and that it request all Member States to include in their domestic criminal legislation express provisions characterizing mercenarism as a criminal offence and to prohibit the use of their territory for the recruitment, training, assembly, transit, financing and use of mercenaries.
Operational functions have been transferred from the former Department of Humanitarian Affairs to other parts of the United Nations system.
10. The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East in 1996-1997 completed seven technical and thematic evaluations in education, nine in health and two in relief and social services.
29. A similar situation is reported from Estonia (the Associations Act of 1992, Apartment Associations Act and the Commercial Code of 1995); Armenia (laws “On Enterprises and Employers’ Activities”, “On the Cooperatives”, “On the Consumer Cooperatives”); and Georgia (the Georgian Government leader’s order of 1993, the law on Consumer Cooperation and the civil code of 1997).
8. Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources (D.97).
3. Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116] (A/52/6 (Vol. I and II), A/52/16 and Add.1 and A/52/ 7 (Chapter II, Part IV-IX)
The recorded expenditure includes: (a) freight forwarding, airport and sea port clearance and handling charges ($298,400); (b) global freight charges for the transport of equipment and supplies to and from the mission area ($323,500); (c) other miscellaneous freight and related charges ($41,300); and (d) the settlement of outstanding charges for the period ending 30 June 1996 ($12,400).
However, poverty remains pressing in a region that now accounts for about 40 per cent of the world’s poor, but only about a quarter of global population.
Another delegation, speaking on behalf of a large group, stressed that radio remained the most important and versatile information medium in the Caribbean and called for the strengthening of the Department’s Caribbean Radio Unit.
General Assembly (Plenary and General Commit- tee meetings)
In addition, the Fund and the Bank have the experience in mobilizing and coordinating (e.g., in the context of consultative group meetings) financial support from a variety of international and bilateral donors, including Governments and private financial institutions, as well as the expertise to provide technical assistance.
The application of user charges, which may be introduced progressively where necessary, helps to gauge demand and to promote sustainability.
The SBSTA may wish to prepare conclusions on technical aspects on the basis of itsconsideration of these documents.
3. Establishing a central work unit at the regional level whose task is to unify all data, activities, and methodology of combating desertification and rehabilitate the natural resources in the concerned region.
The Committee therefore decided to defer a decision on the credentials of representatives of Afghanistan on the same basis as that taken at the fifty-second session.
11. Shortly after being informed of the United Kingdom’s decision to withdraw its contractual services, the Chief Administrative Officer of UNFICYP referred the matter to the Acting Director of the Field Administration and Logistics Division for advice in a confidential memorandum dated 21 November 1994.
25. The Dayton Agreement obligates the Parties to cooperate fully with the annex 6 institutions and to comply with their decisions and recommendations.
International Federation of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies
Recalling further article 22, paragraph 2 (b) of the Convention, which provides that the Conference of the Parties shall promote and facilitate the exchange of information on measures adopted by the Parties, and determine the form and timetable for transmitting the information to be submitted pursuant to article 26, review the reports and make recommendations on them,
The budget estimates for MIPONUH provide for 300 civilian police supported by 224 civilian staff (74 international, 133 local and 17 United Nations Volunteers).
The fact that their requests for political asylum were groundless seems to be the view of the embassies that they entered forcibly, as all of those embassies rejected the East Timorese youths’ request.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
2. On 25 August 1998, the Secretary-General, pursuant to the request contained in paragraph 9 of the above-mentioned resolution, addressed the following letter to the President of the Security Council:
3. In such a context, the short-term advantages of attaining a diversified production and export structure in commodity-dependent economies are undisputed.
International indicators could assist in monitoring the situation of children and enable the comparison of progress between different regions, cities and towns.
The Special Committee considers this inability to visit the occupied territories unfortunate.
1. Everyone has duties towards and within the community in which alone the free and full development of his or her personality is possible.
At its 1st and 4th meetings, on 25 and 28 February, respectively, the SBSTA considered the sub-item on the election of officers other than the Chairman.
15. Contrary to article 51, paragraph (2), of Protocol I, which prohibits acts or threats of violence the primary purpose of which is to spread terror among the civilian population, Israel has issued threats through its officials in the occupied areas.
The authorized civilian police strength totals 300, consisting of 160 civilian police officers and a formed unit of 140 officers.
53. The mandate of the working group is to:
b) Countries with low-lying coastal areas;
Notwithstanding the systems-related issue noted below, OIOS found the actions taken to be consistent with the recommendations made in its above-mentioned report.
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.59, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 7).
However, it should be mentioned that the Ministry’s power to design and implement a rural development strategy that will mobilize all institutions in this sector is not clearly defined and that the national resources allocated to production initiatives in rural areas are inadequate.
The levels of exposure from all of these sources change with time and vary in different parts of the world, which requires their frequent re-evaluation by the Committee.
FINANCING OF THE UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING FORCES IN THE
41. The humanitarian mine-action non-governmental organizations are important contributors to the building up of indigenous capacities to respond to the consequences of landmines.
The Committee is deeply concerned that the minimum age of criminal responsibility is generally set at the low level of 7 to 10 years, depending upon the State.
Panama is organizing a literary contest in secondary schools on the subject of lifestyle and health in older persons.
(c) To recommend concrete actions and initiatives to further efforts towards full and effective implementation of the Declaration and Programme of Action of the Summit.
According to some calculations, losses sustained in income in 1996 as a result of the closure and related measures are estimated at around $600 million, a magnitude which is lower than estimates by other sources.
The quality of internal controls can be more formally assessed by requiring a periodic evaluation and report from managers to ensure that the controls for which they are responsible continue to be appropriate and are working as planned.
It will give a new quality to BSEC, whose activities are now evolving from the stage of project development into the stage of project implementation.
The Committee sought clarification as to what other elements had been standardized and was informed that communications had also been standardized.
65. To more effectively catalyse inter-agency efforts, UNIFEM is analysing the factors that support or inhibit coordination on gender mainstreaming and women’s empowerment.
The Committee further recommends that the results of the investigation be submitted by the Administrator to the Executive Board, through the Advisory Committee, in the context of the budget estimates for the biennium 2000–2001.
I believe such efforts should be intensified in the coming months.
Additionally, however, payments amounting to $265,800 were made in respect of accrued leave allowance payable to international contractual personnel upon their departure from the mission area.
The WFP Board is also reviewing its experience with long-term funding arrangements.
6. A distinction has sometimes been made between operational mine action (i.e., mine action in support of operations mandated by the Security Council), humanitarian mine action, and mine action in support of reconstruction and development.
D. Principal subjects of concern and the Committee's recommendations
They expressed their strong conviction in this regard that the forthcoming BSEC Summit in Yalta (Ukraine) in June 1998 will contribute to the effective implementation of principles and ideas contained in the Declaration on the Black Sea Economic Cooperation, signed in Istanbul in 1992.
It is noted with interest that the State party and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner of Human Rights at Geneva have set up a project to organize seminars, train specialists and disseminate human rights literature.
An exchange of analyses and information regarding national experiences may be useful and may indicate ways and means to enhance effective transfer of technology.
The Centre will also convene a working group, hosted by the Government of the Netherlands, on the feasibility of establishing an international fund for victims of crime and abuse of power, consisting of Member States that express an interest in such a fund.
(h) To strengthen further the Department’s capacity to work together with other parts of the Organization to design and implement communications and information strategies for their substantive and thematic objectives.
At the end of 1994, UNHCR decided to remove the Lysol from Belgrade, and clearance for re-export was obtained in January 1995 from the Security Council’s Sanctions Committee.
18. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.4/53/L.19 by a recorded vote of 126 to 2, with 2 abstentions (see para. 21, draft resolution IV).1 The voting was as follows:
These “centres” are typically equipped with personal computers, printers, a modem, a fax machine and a consultant.
Syrian Arab workers are also liable to be searched and detained on their way to and from work.
The review is contained in the background paper, Page “Accounting and reporting for environmental liabilities and costs within the existing financial reporting framework” (UNCTAD/ITE/EDS/Misc.8), which will be made available at the meeting.
Given the increasing interdependence of the modern world, these threats are becoming transnational and global in scope; they affect not only the national security of the United States and the Russian Federation, but also international stability.
UNDCP is cooperating through a joint inter-agency programme with UNHCR to deal with the problem.
Ms. Ana M. López, National Committee to Free Puerto Rican Prisoners of War and Political Prisoners
International Telecommunication Union (ITU)
The audit manual should be revised to take account of the changes in the Agency’s operations (para. 63).
It is incumbent on the State party to ensure that all its laws, including those dealing with personal status, are compatible with the Covenant.
The criteria to be used in that regard are the following: (i) delays in submission of reports, (ii) delays in the consideration of these reports if attributable to the State, (iii) quality of the reports and of the dialogue, and (iv) nature of the concerns and recommendations expressed in the concluding observations.
90. Concern was expressed that the merger into one of the two subprogrammes “Regional economic cooperation: trade and investment” and “Regional economic cooperation: industry and technology” should not undermine the importance of technology transfer to developing countries.
Such annexes, other than Annexes A and B, shall be restricted to lists, forms and any other material of a descriptive nature that is of a scientific, technical, procedural or administrative character.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/1, requested the Secretary-General to provide detailed information on the communications relay system operated at the Logistics Base.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
1. Urges Governments to pay particular attention to the situation of refugee and internally displaced children by continuing to design and improve the implementation of policies and programmes for their care and well-being with the necessary international cooperation, in particular with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the United Nations Children’s Fund and international humanitarian organizations;
The Committee suggested that no decision directly relating to the rights and interests of indigenous peoples be taken without their informed consent.
In his comments on the recommendations of the Expert Group, the Executive Director expressed the view that the Expert Group had underestimated the complexity and difficulty of the task envisaged.
Between 0910 and 1300 hours Israeli warplanes and an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the South at high altitudes.
12. In order to provide a sustainable basis for the democratization process and to strengthen peace in the Central African subregion, participants adopted the following measures and recommended the creation of the following mechanisms at the inter-State and internal levels:
8. At the 68th meeting, on 29 May, the Chairman of the Committee orally proposed a draft decision, by which the General Assembly would defer consideration of reports of the Office of Internal Oversight Services to the third part of its resumed fifty-second session.
The Board's main recommendations are as follows:
One was sentenced to 15 months of imprisonment, plus a 21-month suspended sentence.
Alternatively, in the case of pharmaceuticals and pesticides, which are frequently subject to compulsory registration procedures, the product may not have been submitted for registration.
The advantage of remaining in an umbrella organisation is the ability to harmonise opinions, take joint action and avoid presenting the Government with conflicting views from the business community.
The Committee began its general discussion of Part VI of this agenda item and heard a statement by the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions who introduced the relevant part of the report of that Committee (A/52/7 (Chapter II, Part VI)).
Chairperson: Mr. Bozorgmehr Ziaran (Islamic Republic of Iran)
The Committee notes with dissatisfaction that prevailing traditional and socio-cultural attitudes towards women contribute to the perpetuation of negative images of women, which impedes their emancipation.
A/52/23 (Part VI), chapter X, B.IX- St. Helena
South Africa has established an arms control system which makes provision for a ministerial control body, criteria, principles and guidelines to ensure the responsible transfer and trade in, among others, small arms and light weapons.
VI. Current status of the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries
19. We may add that these advances also broaden the gap between rich countries equipped with computers and others which are not, with the effect that the latter's situation becomes further aggravated unless specific help is provided for them to catch up.
6. UNIFEM is committed to intensifying support for programmes that link micro-level and macro-level practical and policy actions in its three thematic areas to meet emerging needs and priorities for gender mainstreaming and for building the capacity of women’s organizations as economic and political actors.
8. Further, the State and its constituent components should by all means encourage the safe and voluntary repatriation of refugees and the return of displaced persons to their places of origin with a view to counteracting the effects of the war and “ethnic cleansing”, which is of paramount importance to the full implementation of annex 7 of the Peace Agreement.
Through NRCT, Thailand will be operating the first remote sensing and environmental satellite system for monitoring the country’s natural resources and environment.
The roster of candidates has also been updated.
In February 1998, Lebanon and Syria reached agreement, in principle, to gradually reduce customs tariffs on locally produced industrial goods by 25 per cent annually, starting 1 January 1999.
Such a committee was established for the seventeenth special session.
Commemoration of International Day for the Eradication of Poverty, 9 October 1997
62. The present report indicates that 57 outputs carried over from the biennium 1994-1995 and consisting mainly of published material are being further postponed to the biennium 1998-1999.
∙ Liquidation of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique and the United Nations Operation in Somalia II
6.6.4.5.2 Natural wood shall be well seasoned, commercially dry and free from defects that would materially lessen the strength of any part of the large packagings.
International Confederation of Free Trade Unions
NOW THEREFORE, the parties agree as follows:
Report of the Secretary-General on the special session of the Assembly for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda (A/53/608/Add.3, para. 10)
(d) The SBI expressed its gratitude to the Parties and intergovernmental organizations which made available their experts for participation in in-depth reviews and encouraged Parties, especially developing country Parties, to continue nominating experts for the in-depth reviews, in particular Parties that recently acceded to the Convention;
72. Accordingly, the Advisory Committee recommends that the Executive Director report to the Executive Board, through the Advisory Committee, on the personnel actions taken, first, to ensure compliance with the recommendations of the Board and, second, to ensure that the irregularities referred to in the Board’s report do not recur.
President’s travel to United Nations Headquarters:
Page III. NEGOTIATION OF A PROTOCOL OR ANOTHER LEGAL INSTRUMENT (Agenda item 3) 17 - 24 6
The reconvening of the Israeli-Palestinian Joint Economic Committee since late 1996 reflects a clear recognition by the parties of the need to deal with outstanding issues that hamper progress in the interim period.
The present report also addresses, in paragraphs 68 to 87 and 88 to 110, the special requests contained in General Assembly resolutions 51/231 of 13 June 1997 and 50/221 B of 7 June 1996 concerning the administration of letters of assist and the support account for peacekeeping operations.
2. In 1947, when India emerged as a free country to take its rightful place in the comity of nations, the nuclear age had already dawned.
9. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (D.154).
73. Recognizing the importance of general health care, including reproductive health care, and establishing a dependable database on youth reproductive health and providing for information dissemination and for youth-friendly and gender-equitable services in order to ensure the physical, mental and social well being of young women and young men, as well as access to safe, effective, affordable and acceptable legal methods of family planning of their choice;
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.7
Efforts to make the report more user-friendly and accessible will continue.
(b) Cooperation for human resource development; and
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
Amendments to the Convention and its Annexes
Success also hinges on reliability of supplies which need to be available at specific times in large quantities and of homogeneous and consistent quality.
Report by the UNCTAD Secretariat GE.97-51186
The most crucial variable in this respect is the pace and pattern of capital accumulation.
13. The above total represented 14 per cent of the 5,336 staff members of all categories who were recruited during the period 1995–1997 in the Secretariat, as provided through IPPS.
Foundation for the Promotion of Automated Information
Photos downloaded from UN website Customer requests Photographs distributed
The district police inspector was given a two-year suspended prison sentence for having illegally arrested and detained the victim.
Ambassador Permanent Representative of the Arab Republic of Egypt to the United Nations
In my capacity as coordinator of the Rio Group in New York, I have the honour to attach herewith the Panama City Declaration and the Declaration of Heads of State and Government adopted at the Twelfth Summit of the Rio Group, which was held in Panama on 4 and 5 September 1998 (see annex).
(a) Report of the Ad Hoc Committee established by General Assembly resolution 51/210 of 17 December 1996; Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 37 (A/53/37).
In paragraph 8 it decided to keep under review the length and quality of all documents.
We also share the joy of the Panamanian people and Government at the progress made in the process of reversion of the Panama Canal from the United States Government to the Republic of Panama.
In the absence of sufficient information, it was not always possible to ascertain whether the staff members’ official functions were involved, bearing in mind the rights and duties flowing from the Charter of the United Nations, the 1946 Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and the relevant staff regulations and rules of UNRWA.
5. At that session, the Commission welcomed the revised programme structure, which would streamline the existing 10 subprogrammes to 7.
Both were linked to the ETO system and had developed a range of activities related to the use of Internet technologies, customs, product inspection, etc.
Implementation of guidance from the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council
He also invited the Committee’s attention to a letter received on 30 October from the Chairman of the Fifth Committee regarding the role of that Committee and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in administrative and budgetary matters.
Transitional measures (legislative recommendations 4 and 5 and paras. 33-35)
Russian-Kazakh relations are of fundamental significance for both States and are an important factor for international stability and cooperation in Eurasia.
192. The Committee regrets, however, that the report contains information almost exclusively on legislation and not on the implementation of such legislation.
The special situation of the Palestinian people required special action.
95. The National Committee for Children was created in 1994, but became operational only in 1996.
- Scholarships to train officials responsible for the control of competition in specialized institutions, as well as internships with competition authorities experienced in this field;
The Thompson factory making RCA Victor televisions and other types of household appliances in the mid-west of the United States has said that it will be closing its factories from 1998 and setting up an assembly plant in Ciudad Juárez, in Mexico, because they could not compete with Mexican wage levels.
36. Commission on Narcotic Drugs, forty-second session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 9 (I) and 1991/39]
257. It was stated that there was a need to reorient the coordination of the activities of the United Nations system on environment, an issue addressed in recommendation 2 of the in-depth evaluation of the United Nations programme on environment (E/AC.51/1995/3 and Corr.1).
Letter dated 23 February 1998 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the final documents of the eighth session of the Islamic Summit Conference, held at Tehran from 9 to 11 December 1997 (A/53/72-S/1998/156)
The view was expressed that these posts should be filled immediately.
The meeting was attended by about 90 experts from 26 countries of the European region and the United States of America, researchers, representatives of Governments, representatives of the United Nations Secretariat, the Economic Commission for Europe, the International Labour Organization and the Commission of the European Union.
(a) Review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD
66. Bringing about drastic cuts in the budget provisions of the States concerned, structural adjustment programmes eventually prevent them from meeting their social and general welfare obligations to their peoples.
21. The Board recommends that UNFPA establish procedures for accurately recording non-expendable project equipment held by Governments and NGOs and disclose the value of the inventory in a note to the financial statements.
The Russian Federation understands Japan’s intention to become a permanent member of the Security Council, supports that intention and states its recognition that Japan is a strong candidate for obtaining this status.
Welcoming the efforts exerted by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees for the reunification of family members of refugees,
Since the majority of adolescents still do not have access to information and education on sexuality, reproduction, and sexual and reproductive health and rights, providing adolescents with access to such information, education and services is thus the main challenge for future UNFPA programmes.
41. Ensuring that young women and young men are well informed about their human rights, inter alia, through education;
III. Relationship between the World Health Organization and the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation
Members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations are invited to attend.
In the prevention and reduction of drug abuse, the objective of UNDCP has been to reduce drug abuse among ethnic minorities in border areas using a community-based approach, with the involvement of ESCAP and national non-governmental organizations.
In view of the foregoing, it hardly needs to be stressed that Turkey's presence on the island, which emanates from the Treaty of Guarantee of 1960, is a vital security requirement for the Turkish Cypriots, as it serves as a deterrent against the repetition of Greek-Greek Cypriot aggression.
Due to its small size, the GM will not have the capacity to do much "mass marketing"; rather it should target its activities to institutions that show promise.
Provision was made in the amount of $7,000 for the purchase of 21 diesel storage tanks.
These matters will need to be taken up in the context of the further consideration of the negotiating text.
23. A project document on the establishment of a Drug Control Coordination Unit in the ECO secretariat was signed between the ECO Secretary-General and the Executive Director of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme in Vienna on 5 March 1998, during an official visit of the Secretary-General of ECO to the Programme’s headquarters. This project, which will last one year, commenced in July 1998.
Provision is made for the replacement of eight 4 x 4 vehicles, which are being proposed for write-off through normal wear and tear in accordance with the year/kilometre replacement programme, at a cost of $18,000 per vehicle plus 25 per cent freight ($180,000).
268. With respect to the implementation of article 7 of the Convention, the information provided on measures to ensure equal treatment for ethnic groups regarding teaching, culture and information and to develop human rights training for law enforcement agents is inadequate.
Beginning in January 1998, National Immunization Days (NIDs) for the eradication of polio were held throughout the country including, for the first time, rebel-held areas.
Differs from the establishment shown in annex VI to document A/52/805 in that the latter did not include 10 trailers, 18 snow-scooters and 12 motorcycles and excluded 6 light jeeps and 1 cargo truck which had been loaned to other peacekeeping operations in the former Yugoslavia.
It also provides for assistance in the reform of the criminal legislation.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —
E. Spin-off benefits of space technology: review of current status
The Committee was informed that the unliquidated obligations had been significantly reduced and that they amounted, as at 31 January 1998, to $66.2 million, of which $46.8 million relate to contingent-owned equipment.
10. Globalization was seen as inevitable.
100. During 1998-1999, the Unit will continue to process death and disability claims for contingent personnel in ongoing missions and will also continue to clear the backlog of claims, which was reduced to 285 as at 31 December 1997.
“(a) To receive and assemble in an appropriate and useful form the following radiological information furnished by States Members of the United Nations or members of the specialized agencies:
Thus the planned schedule is for all OAHs to be on-line by February 2000 (the United Nations Office at Nairobi being the final installation).
The United Nations University could be very helpful in these areas.
11. A study commissioned under the project will focus on the requirements of ECO countries in “soft infrastructure” for trade and investment, including border and non-border measures.
Integrated water resource development and management
Consistent with its role of providing advisory services to management, staff from the Division’s Management Audit Section participated as observers at the OHRM reform working groups on conditions of service and recruitment.
Its acceptance would pave the way towards a comprehensive and lasting solution of the Cyprus problem.
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel 17 300
The reviews primarily concern the efficiency of financial procedures, the internal financial controls and, in general, the administration and management of UNITAR.
30. With regard to vehicles, the Advisory Committee notes from line 8 of annex II.A of document A/52/824 that the vehicle establishment for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 is 422 (390 civilian-pattern and 32 military-pattern), the same as for the preceding 12-month period, from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
By 2000, natural gas should account for roughly one third of Italy's primary energy requirements, with consequent positive effects on total CO2 emissions as final consumption of other more carbon-intensive fossil fuels is reduced.
The current mortality table used in the Fund's actuarial valuations includes modest provision for improvements in longevity.
It has developed new research instruments and improved existing ones.
Indonesia made its views known on the issue of human rights in East Timor at the 1998 session of the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/58 dated 25 February 1998, annex I) and that question was deliberated at length and a decision was reached with the adoption of the Chairman’s statement by consensus in the Commission on Human Rights, at Geneva, on 24 April 1998;
Also destroyed were 50 schools, 10 hospitals and clinics, the entire infrastructure and all public installations (water, electricity and telephones) and more than 20 mosques and churches.
They are among the regions most affected by cyclical natural disasters in recent years all of which have significantly weakened the ability of the local populations to respond to crises.
In explanation of their positions after the adoption of the resolution, the representatives of Israel and Cuba made state-ments.
ANNOUNCEMENTS The main Delegates’ Dining-room and private dining rooms will be closed until Friday, 28 November 1997, due to renovations.
Looking at the world around us, I see many, serious reasons for concern: continued or renewed conflict in many parts of Africa, the social and economic crisis in the Russian Federation, the slowing down of some key peace processes, and the financial turmoil in Asia are just a few obvious examples.
The Special Committee has followed the situation in the occupied territories on a day-to-day basis by means of reports appearing in the Israeli press and in the Arab-language and English-language newspapers published in the occupied territories.
233. It is noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee request that the possibility of such a declaration be considered.
During 1997, UNITAR made significant progress in completing its inventory, and by July 1997 had started to reconcile the results with the Purchase and Transportation Section records.
At the same time there is visible stagnation, and in some cases an increase in the internal inequalities in societies.
Those funds were to be used to evaluate various alternatives for replacing the existing mainframe-based General Accounting System (i.e., possible customization of the United Nations IMIS, development of an in-house system, or the purchase and customization of a software package) and to develop the system(s) most suitable for the Fund's needs.
There was general agreement about the importance of competition for development and growth.
United Nations organizations have established a varied pattern of relationships with subregional and regional intergovernmental organizations with the aim of finding common solutions to complex transboundary development problems.
Having obtained the majority of votes, the Committee decided to recommend that the General Assembly appoint Mr. Uldis Blukis (Latvia) and Mr. Ihor Humenny (Ukraine) to serve for a three-year term of office beginning 1 January 1998.
These libraries provide access to collections of United Nations documents and publications in appropriate official languages, as well as reference services to government officials, the academic community, media representatives, non-governmental organizations, and other members of the general public.
34. Within the framework of its mandate, the World Health Organization (WHO) is providing assistance to Djibouti in its reconstruction and rehabilitation efforts.
Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, concluded at Basel on 22 March 1989
3. As they are ultimately responsible for the adequacy of the internal control structure and its implementation, it is important that the management structures of all organizational units within government understand the nature of the internal control structure and the objectives of internal controls.
156. The Committee recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures to ensure education and teaching in the mother tongue of minorities wherever possible.
They encompass unfulfilled promises tied to the implementation of activities for which many users had expectations, and also lost opportunities for creating policy awareness and the sharing of experience on many development issues.
10 Aluminium (-7) 11 Tin (-6) 12 Rice (-6) 13 Hides and skins (-5)
It held a total of 23 meetings and a number of informal consultations.
In the four developing countries, the food industry accounts for 4 to 8 per cent of all tariff peaks in Brazil, Malaysia and China, and 30 per cent in the Republic of Korea.
In Europe and the United States, companies appear to have adopted a "wait and see" attitude, in particular with regard to certification.
1. At its 1484th meeting, on 6 February 1998, the Special Committee decided, inter alia, to take up the question of sending visiting missions to Territories as appropriate. The Special Committee further decided that the item should be considered in its plenary meetings and, as appropriate, in connection with its examination of specific Territories.
9. In this spirit, the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, deeply alarmed at the widening gap between the rich and the poor, adopted resolution 1993/40 in which it entrusted Mr. A. Eide with the task of producing a preparatory document on the relationship between the enjoyment of human rights, in particular economic, social and cultural rights, and income distribution, at both national and international levels.
Recalling the dispatch in 1979 of a United Nations visiting mission to the Territory, and noting the recommendation of the 1996 Pacific regional seminar for sending a visiting mission to Guam, See A/AC.109/2058, para. 33 (20).
3. Takes note that, according to the information provided by the Secretariat, the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Tribunal for Rwanda have one Prosecutor whose duty station is The Hague, and that the International Tribunal for Rwanda does not have a resident Prosecutor, but a Deputy Prosecutor;
Furthermore, unemployment continues to rise in East Asia (up from 2 per cent to about 6.9 per cent in the Republic of Korea).
32. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-second session in connection with the financing of UNDOF are as follows:
62. The strength of civil society will be a key indicator in the promotion and respect for human rights.
It should be mentioned that this estimate can be confirmed only after the detailed process described above has been completed.
This mechanism will consist of an open-ended working group and an independent expert in the field of the right to development.
253. In the field of the administration of juvenile justice, the Committee recommends that legal reform be pursued and take fully into account the Convention on the Rights of the Child, in particular articles 37, 39 and 40, and other relevant international standards in this field, such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty.
97. There may be several reasons for the poor response rate.
(a) Enhancing support for development financing;
The activities proposed for 1999, and where relevant their estimated cost, include:
For example, a number of United Nations system organizations, such as FAO, UNDP and UNEP, had already produced listings of scientific institutions and organizations before the Convention to Combat Desertification was drafted.
10. Ad Hoc Group of States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction, thirteenth session [General Assembly resolution 49/86]
While Denmark has a long coastline and harbours and low-lying areas are regarded as vulnerable, it was felt that the impacts of sealevel rise could be controlled by management.
The Second Tokyo International Conference on African Development (TICAD II), which Japan together with the United Nations and the Global Coalition for Africa (GCA) will host in October, will also contribute in promoting the idea;
In spite of the absence of the necessary details on the medical officers, the Fund did not take steps to verify and confirm the validity of the thumbprints that were claimed to have been witnessed by medical officers.
Evidence was also compiled of the excessive use of firearms, including the frequent lethal shooting by policemen of suspects during arrest or even after they had been apprehended.
225. The Committee is of the view that traditional practices and the existence of a multiplicity of laws hinders the advancement of women.
It welcomes indications that the inter—ministerial network of persons that have worked together on the drafting of the present report may soon be institutionalized.
As the cases are never brought to trial, the quality of the evidence on which they are based remains untested.
72. In the domestic legislation of most States, mercenarism is not classified as a crime in its own right.
One of the most evident instances of this strategy is the extraterritorial application of national legislation by the United States Government.
Considerable concern has been expressed in recent years about the impact of economic development, and in particular the structural adjustment process, on both the environment and social progress in general, especially in terms of education and health.
It should be noted that some of the assets were donated to the Government of Rwanda to assist it in the strengthening of national institutions working towards the promotion and protection of human rights.
He believes that a free media is one of the defining features of a democratic society, and is essential to the maintenance of all other freedoms.
One speaker, addressing the Committee on behalf of a large group, was concerned about the problems being encountered with respect to the integration of information centres, and a number of others voiced the same concern.
Other operational activities will be executed directly by non-governmental organizations and inter-governmental organizations, with UNDCP performing the same substantive and programme monitoring functions described above.
Several projects to construct, equip, renovate or upgrade workshops and other training facilities were ongoing or completed during the reporting period.
However, for the hard core or poorest of the poor in the least developed countries, micro-credit programmes are often not the answer, as the means of this group are so meagre that they cannot take up credit at the prevailing interest rate.
agreements between undertakings which have as their object or effect the prevention, restriction or distortion of competition, and
(i) 116 person days at $214 per day for the period from 13 July to 31 August 1998 ($24,800);
New York/Geneva/Paris/Ouagadougou/New York
In addition, the state Ministries of Women Affairs and Social Development had been established in the 36 states of the Federation.
41. Secondly, the Court notes that, although the General Assembly is operating under great financial constraints, it has nonetheless found the means to support other judicial bodies.
The four RF-4 aircraft thereupon violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus by overflying for a considerable period of time the areas of Kormakitis, Kyrenia, Karpasia and Famagusta.
The Committee concluded that the proposal was therefore not an acceptable solution for the problem of discontinuity.
21. In the field of video services, I should like to point with great satisfaction to our ongoing partnership with the Cable News Network in producing and broadcasting the “UN in Action” series to a worldwide audience.
Regardless of the location finally agreed to with the COP, UNDP would be able to draw upon the services of, and make use of the advantages offered by the entire UNDP system, including the above, to support the work of the Global Mechanism.
The following are some recent examples of successful launches:
14. Ecuador provided a report from the Joint Command of the Ecuadorian Armed Forces relating to measures to eliminate international terrorism, which included possible measures for its elimination, including, inter alia, exchanges of information between State agencies; a greater degree of cooperation among security authorities; and training courses on anti-terrorist activities.
At intervals between 0200 and 0515 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia in positions on Dabshah and Suwayda hills fired several 81-mm mortar shells and directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at Qasr Ghandur, the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah and areas around their positions on the two hills.
If any doubt existed about Turkish real intentions, that doubt was removed in 1974 by the unprovoked attack and military invasion of the Republic and the continued occupation by the Turkish armed forces of 37 per cent of its territory in violation of international law, the principles of the Charter, in particular Article 2, paragraph 4, and numerous General Assembly and Security Council resolutions on Cyprus.
21. UNRWA maintained close cooperation with a number of United Nations agencies, including the Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) and the World Health Organization (WHO).
2. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 6th to 8th and 43rd meetings, on 12, 14 and 15 October and 14 December 1998.
(e) The funds earmarked for UNICEF capital assets were reprogrammed to include four other projects without prior approval of the Executive Board.
The United Nations Development Programme continued to provide support for the rehabilitation of the Central Administration for Statistics and its programme of basic statistics.
41. The present section contains a summary of activities of the United Nations system.
21 July, summary execution of a certain Jacques Thierry, a Belgian national, by a member of the Presidential Guard.
(bb) Implementation of effective measures for the prevention of crises and conflicts in the subregion.
It is also noted that the Economic and Social Council endorsed in its decision 1993/297 of 28 July 1993, and reaffirmed in its decision 1995/302 of 25 July 1995, the recommendation that the members of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights should be paid honorariums equivalent to those payable to the members of other relevant treaty bodies and urged the Assembly to give speedy attention to the matter.
In this context, it is especially gratified to note the exceptionally low infant and perinatal mortality rates attained by the Czech Republic.
No action was taken by the General Assembly on that report.
He intends to place priority on advocacy for, and support of, assessments of the impact of the availability of small arms on child morbidity and mortality, following the pioneering work of the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) in several countries in assessing the impact of such weapons on civilian casualties.
25. The second meeting of the Forum was held in February 1997 at Ottawa to review activities carried out since the first meeting, and made recommendations to the special session of the General Assembly to review progress in the implementation of Agenda 21.
28. This analysis reveals inconsistencies in the data provided by these Departments on the number of licences granted or approved, as well as on the classification of these licences, since licences granted for the purpose of donating medicine to Cuba through international organizations are grouped together with licences for commercial drug sales, and licences granted prior to the entry into force of the Torricelli Act are included even though they are not governed by the provisions of that law.
Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
During the meeting, the Second Prime Minister acknowledged receipt of the two documents submitted on 13 May.
71. In Turkey, religious leaders and property (churches, cemeteries) of Christian communities, particularly those of the Greek Catholic Church, are said to be the targets of acts of violence, including bombings (including that of the Ecumenical Patriarchate headquarters) and the murder of a priest.
Poverty remained the major challenge and its eradication was a priority objective for the Government.
The Committee had therefore prepared a document to complement the information contained in the document prepared by ICSC.
(i) Fostering of an atmosphere of mutual trust between staff and managers;
5. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution.
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Hans-Peter Glanzer (Austria), introduced draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.43, submitted by him on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.15.
The large increase in advisory services in the global economic and social programmes is almost entirely accounted for by UNEP during the biennium 1994-1995 and reflects a different method of computing outputs than in other programmes or in other bienniums within UNEP itself.
Core budget requirements for the thirteen posts proposed for 1999 amount to USD 1,748,800.
(b) A matrix outlining specific human rights goals for the Development Group as a whole as well as for individual members, including benchmarks and terms of accountability;
In accordance with United Nations practice and as authorized by its governing body, the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, the Programme charges a programme support rate of up to 13 per cent for programme/project execution.
(a) The annual gross salary of the Director-General shall be US dollars one hundred and seventy-five thousand three hundred and forty-four (175,344), corresponding to an annual net base salary equivalent to US dollars one hundred and nineteen thousand seven hundred and twenty-two (119,722) (dependency rate) or US dollars one hundred and six thousand two hundred and fifty-five (106,255) (single rate) respectively.
The discussion on BITs could be complemented at a future meeting, if the Commission so decides, by a similar discussion focusing on existing regional and multilateral instruments.
However, a results-oriented budget will not in itself bring about the aforementioned improvements.
3. Sustainable development and international economic co-operation [97] (A/52/92, A/52/112, A/52/139, A/52/153-S/ 1997/384, A/52/163, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/ 52/318, A/52/432, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/ 514-S/1997/815)
The international community may encourage efforts at securing unanimous support of the States concerned.
(a) Israel should immediately transfer to the PA $100 million in Palestinian tax payments it has withheld;
During a recent UNCTAD mission to the CARICOM secretariat, discussions were initiated on the feasibility of an UNCTAD-CARICOM framework agreement.
• Only 3 of the 10 frameworks were ready before the start of the biennium 1996–1997.
The Summit, the supreme body of la Francophonie, shall meet every two years.
The study also examines opportunities and challenges for the Palestinian economy in the emerging global setting, and concludes with a plan of action outlining strategies and policies for consideration by the PA in cooperation with its trading partners.
The recommendation made by the Board in paragraph 110 of its report has therefore been superseded by events.
53. In connection with item 165 of the draft agenda (Observer status for the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in the General Assembly), the General Committee decided to recommend its inclusion.
During its consideration of the reports, the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General who provided additional information.
UNDCP mobilized the International Olympic Committee and national Olympic committees to launch a campaign to use sports as a vehicle for drug prevention.
Of those facilities, 22 accommodated laboratories and 20 provided dental care, supported by a mobile dental unit for community oral health services.
In Ecuador, UNIFEM has supported a trade fair for indigenous women craft producers, and continues to support a non-governmental organization that assists indigenous women in improving their products and marketing.
21. At its 360th meeting, on 19 January 1998, the Committee agreed on the composition of its two standing working groups: Working Group I, to consider ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee, and Working Group II, to consider ways and means of implementing article 21 of the Convention.
The Advisory Committee expresses serious concern that the bulk of the work of the Unit is being done by gratis personnel.
Annex II List of speakers for high-level segment 18
Myths and legends are emphasized and no mention is made of the giants of contemporary Arabic literature.
12. Field security advisers are also available in the United Nations system.
“UNTAES completes mission”, fact sheet released in January
In addition, I was appointed to preside over the hearings of the Bouaké and Korhogo assize courts.
From the first day of the session of the General Assembly until its recess in December the UNCA Club, located on the third floor of the Secretariat building, is open for snacks from 9 a.m. to 4.30 p.m., Monday to Friday.
A recent judgement of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal has called into question the validity of the distinction between internal and external candidates and the possibility of limiting internal vacancies to staff previously recruited under the system of desirable ranges through competitive examinations or after review by the appointment and promotion bodies.
The objectives were to mobilize international political support for the peace process; help to harmonize the views of the key external political actors; and ensure that the essential resource requirements of the peace process were understood and provided for.
Carbon sequestration tends to be a secondary objective of forestry policy. Parties use a variety of methods to enhance or maintain carbon sinks in forests, including sustainable timber management practices, regulations, subsidies for initial investments, tax incentives, voluntary agreements and promotion.
13. The Advisory Committee further recalls that, in its report submitted to the General Assembly at its forty-ninth session (A/49/7/Add.11), it recommended that the Secretary-General include a comprehensive review of the pension scheme for the members of the Court in his report, to be submitted to the Assembly at its fiftieth session.
There were nevertheless serious inadequacies in regulation and supervision of the financial system that, as in Thailand and the Republic of Korea, transmitted the financial crisis into a crisis in the real economy.
II. ISSUES RELATED TO THE DEPRIVATION OF THE RIGHT TO LIFE
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE ON THE CHARTER OF THE UNITED NATIONS AND ON THE STRENGTHENING OF THE ROLE OF THE ORGANIZATION
Recalling its resolutions 49/172 of 23 December 1994, 50/150 of 21 December 1995, 51/73 of 12 December 1996 and 52/105 of 12 December 1997,
The recorded expenditure consists of mission subsistence allowance ($106,200) and hazard duty allowance ($24,000).
For balance sheet statement purposes, only that portion of the education grant advance which is assumed to pertain to the scholastic year completed as at the date of the financial statement is shown under deferred charges.
13. UNOMIG continues to cooperate with United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations in the mission area.
8. At the request of the Governments of Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan, ILO was involved in social policy reviews, in collaboration with the United Nations Development Programme.
Many in Croatia have the ambition that it will become a truly democratic country and part of the European mainstream.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives;
In this connection, support is expressed for institutionalizing consultations among economic and social partners at the national level through the establishment and activation of the planned Economic and Social Council.
25. Although political violence disappeared from the Haitian scene with the return to democracy, it might be asked whether domestic violence, which is considered a private matter, does not have a political dimension.
The Commission on Narcotic Drugs in its resolution 10 (XXXIX) endorsed the proposals of the Executive Director to improve the qualitative financing of UNDCP by broadening its resource base and to provide the critical mass of general-purpose resources required to support the Programme.
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
PROGRAMME BUDGET, twenty-ninth session (second part)
55. Although the resources raised for mine action are for the most part channelled through the United Nations system, they may also be channelled through external partners (e.g., non-governmental organizations) if so required for cost-effectiveness purposes.
Accurate information on monitoring of radioactive materials must be accessible to the public.
“It is unfortunate that Procurement overlooked the fact that the Transport Section had mentioned a seating capacity of 31 for ... buses in the technical evaluation report.
While efforts have been made in recent years to integrate some of the databases within the same department or agency, the creation of a single database encompassing all NGOs working with the United Nations system would neither be feasible nor necessarily useful.
d Owing to the change in peacekeeping budget cycle, some expenditures that have been included in the 1997 fiscal year period (1 July 1996-30 June 1997) have inadvertently used the 1996 (1 January-30 June 1996) account codes.
These elements would fully suffice to justify a high level of attention being accorded to telecommunications-related matters by all countries and enterprises involved in international trade.
In the light of the level of activities foreseen for 1998-1999 for the field establishment, as indicated in paragraphs 90-94 of document E/CN.7/1997/9, the Committee is not convinced that the headquarters budget for 1998-1999 should be maintained, in real terms, at the same level.
Every child should have access to the necessary medical care and treatment, to education, to help with independent living, to a wheelchair if needed.
The Committee recommends that the State party undertake a comprehensive review of its domestic legislation, including the Constitution, with a view to ensuring its full compatibility with the principles and provisions of the Covenant.
Recognizing that the imposition of sanctions under Chapter VII has been causing special economic problems in third States and that it is necessary to intensify efforts to address those problems,
In addition to the formation of and the provision of support to local non-governmental organizations, IBHI has also helped in institution-building through the provision of technical assistance to municipalities and cantons and advice to national authorities, notably in the field of social transition, return and rehabilitation of refugees and displaced persons and the overall democratization process.
However, the Board considers that to achieve cost effectiveness, UNFPA should, wherever possible, endeavour to ensure the guidelines are followed even when considering unconventional office accommodation. Premises-related expenditure
H. Additional comments, if any, including any practical experience gained or technical difficulties, effects, impacts or other obstacles encountered
This artificial territorial division in essence created the preconditions for implementing the policy of expelling Azerbaijanis from their lands and annihilating them.
7. The process of developing competition policy and law in Malawi was initiated with the First National Symposium on Competition Policy and Legislation (June 1996).
31. In paragraph 9 of document E/CN.7/1997/8, it is indicated that the ACABQ and the ad-hoc open-ended working group on administration and budgetary matters recommended "identifying the programme support activities that cover all technical and administrative activities associated with the implementation of projects."
Fifty-five fellowships were awarded by WHO in the areas of emergency management, malaria control, expanded programme of immunization (EPI) and nutrition.
4. The session was opened by the Chairperson of the Committee, Ms. Salma Khan (Bangladesh).
In the area of air transport, the United Nations agencies under the leadership of WFP, entered into a joint leasing arrangement, and as a result, the United Nations Common Air Service came into being, with the goal of reducing costs and providing adequate capacity to meet the needs of all United Nations agencies.
However, in the interest of streamlining accountability, the COP may wish to select either IFAD or UNDP to assume a lead role and the responsibility for housing the GM.
23. The Office has addressed this concern pursuant to recommendation I (b), above.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions presented the report of that Committee.
Document of the Twelfth Special Session of the
166. Indonesia indicated that its Government had issued Decree No 930/Kpts/Um/12/1982, which made the application of a by-catch excluder device compulsory for shrimp trawl fishery.
Thus, in preparation for the seventeenth special session of the General Assembly, for which the Commission did not act as the preparatory body, the officers of the Preparatory Committee of the Whole served throughout the preparatory period and were then elected to perform the same functions as officers of the Ad Hoc Committee of the Seventeenth Special Session.
29. While the following issues were not raised by the Board of Auditors as specific recommendations requiring formal response and reporting, UNHCR is of the opinion that they merit some comment and that the views of the Executive Committee need to be sought.
4. The establishment of trade points is and will remain a major focus of UNCTAD’s activities in this area.
(Signed) James DROUSHIOTIS Chargé d'affaires a.i.
That would give organizations of civil society easier access to the national media to publicize their activities, thereby contributing to the information and education functions of the media.
90. The Board recommends that the Administration ensure that National Committees and field offices operate within the established limits.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Second Committee in paragraph 7 of Part IX of its report (A/52/628/Add.8) and as orally amended by the representative of Venezuela (resolution 52/196).
The Special Rapporteurs for the topic "Nationality in relation to succession of States" and for the topic "Reservations to Treaties" made statements.
Accordingly, the need to improve the functioning of transit systems is a matter of increasing concern for all countries.
(f) Effect of higher than expected number of new entrants
∙ Deployment as the Federal Government official liaising with the above Tribunal, including representation of the Federal Republic of Germany in cases before the Tribunal (Tadić case).
12. Calls upon States parties to take appropriate measures so that acceptance of the amendment to paragraph 2 of article 43 of the Convention by a two-thirds majority of States parties can be reached as soon as possible, in order for the amendment to enter into force, increasing the membership of the Committee on the Rights of the Child from ten to eighteen experts;
341. Recent developments at the regional level include the adoption by the Contracting Parties to the 1992 Convention for the Protection of the Marine Environment of the North-East Atlantic of the OSPAR Strategy with regard to Radioactive Substances at a Ministerial Meeting of the OSPAR Commission in July 1998.
The two P-5 posts in the Office of Political Affairs are being transferred from the Office of the Special Representative/Head of Mission;
30. Indeed the methods employed in recent attacks reflect those used in the genocide.
This amount consisted of $875 million for programme cooperation from general resources, $532 million for programme cooperation from supplementary funds and $253 million for emergency relief and rehabilitation.
UNIDO United Nations Industrial Development Organization
70. World Bank support for education reform in the economies in transition expanded significantly in fiscal 1998, with projects in Armenia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Hungary, the former Republic of Macedonia and Romania.
The President of ICJ, the Chairman of the Sixth Committee, the United Nations Legal Counsel, the Chairman of ILC, the Chairman of the Preparatory Committee on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court and the Chairperson of the Working Group of the United Nations Decade of International Law were among those who addressed the meeting.
Since there was no time for discussion, it was proposed that consideration of the matter could take place at the second session of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs acting as Preparatory Body for the special session of the General Assembly.
51. At the same meeting, the representative of Italy corrected operative paragraph 3 by deleting the word “new” before the words “mass killings”.
Statements were made by the representatives of Panama, Myanmar, Fiji, the Philippines, El Salvador, Côte d’Ivoire, Paraguay, Ecuador, Namibia, Cuba, the Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Barbados, Colombia, Senegal, Romania, Benin, Peru, the Russian Federation, Tunisia and Guinea-Bissau.
For example, the recurring activities associated with the procurement of materials (an administrative activity), would include, (a) identifying needed items, (b) selecting a vendor, (c) contracting for the items, (d) receiving the items, and (e) checking for quality.
This is typical of the manner in which Israel deals with human rights principles on legal, administrative and political levels.
87. Women are not allowed to work in jobs involving hard physical labour or underground or underwater labour, nor in any jobs classified detrimental to the life of women.
1. At its 1484th meeting, on 6 February 1998, the Special Committee decided, inter alia, to take up the question of the dissemination of information on decolonization as a separate item and to consider it at its plenary meetings (see A/AC.109/L.1871).
Impact of the implementation of pilot projects on budgetary practices and procedures
a According to the 1998–1999 biennial budget approved by the General Assembly in December 1995.
Vice-Chair, Council of University of Durban-Westville, by appointment of President Nelson Mandela, 1995-present.
1. The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements of the United Nations peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1997 in accordance with General Assembly resolutions 74 (I) of 7 December 1946, 47/211 of 23 December 1992 and 49/233 A of 23 December 1994.
In the light of the information provided, the working group agreed to suggest to the Committee that this practice be adopted as a normal practice of pre-session working groups.
6. Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives [112 (c)]
An avid reader may be tempted to postulate that writing could be done with the same ease as reading.
68. The budget of UNDCP consists of two complementary parts: the regular budget, approved by the General Assembly; and the Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, approved by the Commission on Narcotic Drugs.
The SBI at its sixth session requested the Executive Secretary to proceed with the organizational preparations for COP 3, in particular, the organization of work on the basis of the proposals contained in paragraphs 15 to 45 of document FCCC/SBI/1997/11, seeking advice from the Bureau as needed and taking into account views and comments expressed by delegations during that session (FCCC/SBI/1997/16, para. 34 (e)).
The cost of maintaining MIPONUH from 1 July 1998 through the end of the mandate on 30 November 1998 is estimated at $11,883,500 gross ($11,383,100 net) and the cost of the liquidation of the mission from 1 December 1998 to 30 June 1999 is estimated at $6,641,300 gross ($6,396,100 net).
Human rights 50th anniversary text reproduction sheet (multilingual), released in September 1997 and reprinted in March
63. With regard to the commitment to protect the autonomy and freedom of action of the institutions responsible for the protection of human rights, it should be pointed out that, during the period under review, the army’s general attitude was one of a lack of cooperation in efforts to clarify the involvement of its senior officers in human rights violations.
Statements were made by representatives of the Intergovernmental Oceanographic Commission of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (IOC/UNESCO), the Scientific and Technical Advisory Panel of the Global Environment Facility (GEF/STAP), the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), and UNEP.
1. At its fourteenth session, Mrs. Erica-Irene Daes, the Chairperson-Rapporteur of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, presented her working paper on the concept of “indigenous peoples” contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.4/1996/2.
Participants included UNHCR, UNICEF, ICRC and involved non-governmental organizations.
Around 10,000 Koreans kidnapped by Japan were repatriated thanks to the superb diplomatic efforts of Yujong (Samyongdang) at the talks for the restoration of Korea-Japan relations following the Imjin War.
Even after they were started, almost two years of the negotiations, in 1987 and 1988, were spent dealing with purely preliminary issues: for instance, the definition of services.
United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara
. Interregional cooperation has been furthered through a programme of activities for precursor control in central, south and south-west Asia launched by UNDCP in cooperation with INCB.
Comments made at informal inter-sessional meetings of the Commission on 27 September and 11 December 1996, as well as at the briefing for permanent missions to the United Nations (Vienna) on 15 January 1997, are reflected in these annotations.
The Director of the Division for Social Policy and Develop- ment of the Department for Economic and Social Affairs made an introductory statement.
15. The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 15 of the report of the Secretary-General that for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998, some 55 per cent of the total amount is based on standard costs and ratios, while the remaining 45 per cent covers mission-specific requirements.
The Commission noted that while a very small number of staff members benefited from this feature of home leave travel, it was an important benefit for those using it, particularly in the case of those travelling long distances with small children.
Recalling its resolution 52/125 of 12 December 1997 and Commission on Human Rights resolution 1997/48 of 11 April 1997, See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1997, Supplement No. 3 (E/1997/23), chap. II, sect. A.
4. Implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/227 [12] (E/1997/L.63)
1. Human rights questions [112] (A/52/3, A/52/116, A/52/173, A/52/254-S/1997/567, A/52/262, A/52/286-S/1997/647, A/52/301-S/1997/668, A/52/347, A/52/432, A/52/437, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/589-S/1997/871)
From there, intellectually, it is only a small step to the deployment of forces to prevent violence from breaking out in the first place, in situations where there is an obvious danger of that happening.
97. Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources (P.100).
Several dozen others were proved groundless.
(b) Describes the strategy to be followed to that effect and the means of action to be used.
Page English In the revised text under negotiation which follows, Parties may note that, in certain cases, the numbering of Articles and paragraphs and the letters used to denote Annexes differs from that used in previous texts.
(f) Parties, however, appear to be approaching the pilot phase cautiously.
The volume changes reflect the Executive Director’s vision of a “decentralized, focused and leaner” new organization, as indicated to the Committee during its consideration of the proposed budget.
1992/62 Establishment of new subsidiary bodies of the Economic and Social Council
It is reported in the Greek Cypriot press that Army, Navy and Air Force units from Greece will join the Greek Cypriot National Guard in the Nikiforos and Toxotis military manoeuvres scheduled to take place in and around South Cyprus next month.
81. The designation of United Nations Houses at the country level – combining all United Nations programmes, funds and information centres in common premises – will contribute to a greater sense of community and common purpose among United Nations staff while also yielding increased efficiencies and, in many cases, reduction of costs.
The Philippines is a party to the International Bill of Human Rights to promote and encourage respect for human rights and to affirm the Philippines' faith in the principles of the International Bill of Human Rights and other relevant international instruments.
SMEs need a variety of services and assistance for their development, both during the start-up phase and during later expansion phases.
199. On 8 January, Palestinians refurbishing buildings located near the Jewish Avraham Avinu quarter in Hebron were ordered by IDF to stop their work.
The subsidiary bodies of the COP have adopted the practice of granting provisional admission to NGOs, subject to formal accreditation at the subsequent session of the COP.
(Signed) Ernst Sucharipa Permanent Representative A/53/673
31. UNFPA has been active in advancing the Safe Motherhood Initiative, which is based on data that show that pregnancy-related mortality and morbidity are major contributors to the overall burden of disease among women of reproductive age in developing countries.
16. Calls on the international community to pursue national and international efforts, at the intergovernmental and inter-agency levels, to contribute to minimizing the excessive volatility of global financial flows, and to distribute in a more equitable manner the costs of systemic adjustments between the public and private sectors;
6.6.2.8.4 Every portable tank with a capacity less than 1,900 litres shall be fitted with a pressure-relief device which may be a frangible disc when this disc complies with the requirements of 6.6.2.11.1.
1270. In relation to the definition of the child (art. 1 of the Convention), the Committee is concerned at the various low age-limits set in the domestic legislation of the State party.
94. Health and mortality, and their relations to development, were the special theme of the thirty-first session of the Commission on Population and Development.
The creation of women's studies centres is also considered to be a significant achievement by the Government.
The President has stressed that our State will continue to support and carry out all international treaties and agreements in this field, particularly in the area of monitoring the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the means for their delivery.
involves:(a) the tempering or removal of restrictions on and conditions for the entry and operations of foreign direct investment (FDI); (b) the establishment of certain standards of treatment for foreign investors; and (c) the strengthening of measures aimed at ensuring the proper functioning of markets, notably through competition policies.
In future, UNDCP will be more closely engaged in securing the involvement and active commitment of potential bilateral donors, United Nations entities, international financial institutions and regional organizations involved in development work.
(d) The development or strengthening of legal institutions and their capacity for judicial cooperation, especially in respect of drug-related offences;
It uses the pretext of its security as an instrument for disrupting the peace process, imposing crippling and unacceptable conditions on the peoples and governments of the region.
In its decision 1992/110 of 27 August 1992, the Sub-Commission requested the Secretary-General to transmit the two questionnaires to Governments and indigenous organizations and requested the Special Rapporteur to present a second progress report to the Working Group at its twelfth session and the Sub-Commission at its forty-fourth session.
To date, 39 mirror sites have been established in 24 countries and territories.
Export strategies should make use of all modes of supply, and focus inter alia on education and training to build up a skilled workforce, and on taking full advantage of the possibilities offered by information technology and new business techniques.
Therefore it would meet strong objection from the four successor States.
It noted the existence of the Inter-Ministerial Committee and the draft National Policy on Highland People’s Development and recommended an improved legal framework to clarify the legal status of these groups as well as to protect their rights, culture and traditional lands.
136. As noted in its reports on peacekeeping operations for 1992-1993 and 1994-1995, the Board emphasizes the need for the process of liquidation of peacekeeping missions to be accomplished within the shortest possible time in order to minimize costs; this should include a plan clearly identifying the time-frame for the completion of the outstanding tasks in all missions in liquidation, which should be closely monitored by DPKO.
The major activities of the Centre include capacity-building, that is, participating in joint ventures, training, technology transfer, information systems, and attending and participating in scientific meetings.
The Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.4/52/L.12 by a recorded vote of 126 to 2, with 0 abstentions.
It cannot, however, replace systematic monitoring of a country’s drug abuse situation.
When a series of portable tanks are manufactured without change in the design, the certificate shall be valid for the entire series.
31. The initial total dollar value of all active peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 is currently projected at some $746 million, as compared with the corresponding initial ($841 million (A/C.5/51/48)) and updated ($912 million (A/C.5/52/38)) levels for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
In view of these fundamental concerns, application of the judgement has been limited, for the time being, to the individual applicant who had brought the case, pending consideration of the issues involved by the General Assembly.
12. The best framework for a comprehensive and integrated approach to post-conflict practical disarmament measures with a view to a durable consolidation of peace is a peace accord that addresses the root causes of the conflict.
Calling upon all Governments to cooperate with the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the elimination of all forms of religious intolerance and of discrimination based on religion or belief to enable him to carry out his mandate fully,
This requires increased professionalism on the part of the law-enforcement agencies, more cooperation between them and a fundamental improvement in judicial practice.
* Following the adjournment of the 8th meeting of the Sixth Committee.
Therefore, IPEC continues to support, develop and implement national, sub-regional and regional programmes, giving top priority to the immediate eradication of the most intolerable forms of child labour, in particular: bonded child labour; commercial sexual exploitation; trafficking in children; child labour in domestic service; and child labour in hazardous work.
Mindful of the fact that the ultimate solution to the plight of unaccompanied minors is their return to and reunification with their families,
They include a variety of public-private partnerships to stimulate energy efficiency gains and emissions reductions through best practices and technology deployment.
These assessments should be distributed to non-members of the Council immediately after they are issued by the outgoing President.
The unutilized balance of $4,500 resulted from the lower number of contingent personnel deployed during the liquidation period than was anticipated, as indicated in paragraph 1 above.
12.4 Nothing in this instrument shall be interpreted in any manner that would prejudice the obligations and commitments of Annex I Parties under the Convention.
135. Various comments were made to the effect that adequate provisions to protect the confidentiality of proprietary information constituted one of the essential elements for fostering the confidence of investors in the selection procedures.
1. The second session of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues was held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, from 29 September to 3 October 1997.
83. UNU has two science and technology-related projects, namely, the Universal Networking Language (UNL) and Knowledge Systems for the Future: Advancing to the Virtual University of the Twenty-first Century.
DIVERSIFICATION IN COMMODITY-DEPENDENT COUNTRIES:
A substantial potential for the enhancement of CO2 sinks has also been identified in afforestation of abandoned land.
With regard to steps taken to ensure that violations of articles 9(3), 10(1) and 14(3)(c) and (5) do not occur in the future, the State party assures the Committee that it will introduce legislative and procedural reforms where necessary to ensure compliance with its obligations under the Covenant.
Petrol Based on total vehicle usage of 11,500 litres per month.
51. The Mission continued to provide judicial authorities with technical assistance and advice in the consolidation of case files and in the preparation of the Raboteau massacre trial.
(c) The International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing (ISPRS) for co-sponsoring and supporting, on the basis of a cooperative agreement entered into by the Office for Outer Space Affairs and ISPRS, the Second United Nations International Conference on Spin-off Benefits of Space Technology, held at Tampa, Florida, United States, from 30 March to 3 April 1998;
The revised requirements for UNTAES from 1 July 1997 to 15 January 1998 and its liquidation thereafter and the requirements for the Support Group for the period from 16 January to 30 June 1998 are estimated at $139,213,300 gross ($133,317,900 net), inclusive of budgeted voluntary contributions in kind amounting to $297,500.
The recorded expenditure includes: (a) bank and related charges ($287,900); (b) losses on exchange ($221,800); and (c) miscellaneous other services ($273,000).
The European Community declared its objection to any declaration or position excluding or amending the legal scope of the provisions of the Convention, in particular those relating to fishing activities.
As for paragraph 11, an opinion was expressed that it should be deleted since it dealt with matters other than those which were the subject of the proposal.
There is also a need for micro-approaches involving communities and families as basic units of social organization, as well as the need to prioritize the social agenda.
5. Takes note of the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;2
The Committee further notes that the school curricula do not yet contain a programme on human rights and children's rights education.
The staff member has also agreed to repay the outstanding amount with interest.
B. Other issues with regard to the implementation of the recommendations of the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Second, a public relations and information campaign, aimed at encouraging the integration of foreigners and the dismantling of mutual prejudices among citizens through an information service, editorial services for local newsletters, radio programmes for foreigners and Germans and seminars for people working with foreigners.
The Committee is particularly concerned that the judges of the Constitutional Court and Supreme Court can be dismissed by the President of the Republic without any safeguards.
The role and status of both Governments and the cooperative movement had changed drastically in formerly socialist countries and in many other developing countries.
In recent months, articles have been written on the need for United Nations involvement in constructing a response to the pressures and opportunities of globalization; on the rationale and necessity for an international criminal court; on intensifying the search for a political settlement which would address the humanitarian crisis in southern Sudan; and on building international and African support for mechanisms to reduce conflict and promote sustainable development in Africa.
At 1400 hours the Israeli forces abducted Mahmud Hasan Ward (28 years) and his wife Zahr Muhammed Nur (21 years) and took them out of the border strip area over the Zumriya crossing.
94. Many of the Bank’s interventions to streamline the role of the State and improve its functioning and management contribute directly to reducing opportunities and incentives for corruption.
16. Upon request, the Advisory Committee was informed that total contributions to the Trust Fund for the Enhancement of UNSMIH Capacity and the Trust Fund for the Enhancement of UNTMIH Capacity amount to $41,181,602.
79. As noted earlier, corruption is universal.
The first plenary meeting will then revert to organizational matters, namely sub-item 2 (f).
25. In concurrence with recommendations 3 and 4, UNICEF continues to support rural radio and community radio.
70. As regards article 18, it was suggested that the wording of article 23, paragraph 2, of the Terrorist Bombings Convention be used, so that the denunciation would take effect one year after the respective notification.
(d) At the end of operative paragraph 42, the words “ongoing field operations in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro)” were replaced by the words “United Nations Field Operation in the Former Yugoslavia”.
The unspent balance of $380,100 was realized, as various services totalling $268,100 provided for under this heading were recorded under alterations and renovations of premises, as recommended by the Office of Internal Oversight Services and explained in paragraph 14 above.
52 work-months of consultancy (at $8,000 per month) to undertake studies of major policy issues critical to African development (in support of activity (a) under para. 30).
Article 3 (b) of UNCCD stated the guidelines to improve cooperation and coordination at subregional, regional and international levels to better focus financial, human, organizational and technical resources where they are needed.
According to article 72, paragraph 8, of the Convention, the members of the Committee shall receive emoluments from United Nations resources on such terms and conditions as the Assembly may decide.
The process of promoting the Convention reflects its potential to build a culture of respect for human rights in a climate where democratic rights are respected and exercised, also by children.
The support of donor Governments in increasing this important resource base will be required in order to maintain and build upon the level of previous activity provided by the Emergency Relief Coordinator.
It was pointed out that in choosing a system, compatibility and adaptability should be the determining factors.
In emergencies, the Secretary-General shall bring to the attention of the Permanent Council and, in the light of the seriousness of the events, the President of the Ministerial Conference, crises or conflict situations in which members may be or are involved.
In 1978, India proposed negotiations for an international convention that would prohibit the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.
253. Article 60, paragraph 3, and, by reference article 80 of the Convention require States to remove any installations or structures which are abandoned or disused, taking into account any generally accepted international standards established in this regard by the competent international organization.
104. Transport of contingent-owned equipment.
The following is an extract from a letter dated 4 May 1998 from the Secretary-General of the Council of Europe to the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization regarding resolutions 52/13 and 52/15 adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on 20 November 1997:
In the third sentence delete “(heat load 110 kW/m2)”.
The growing use of electronic means of communication in the carriage of goods further aggravated the consequences of those fragmentary and disparate laws and created the need for uniform provisions addressing the issues particular to the use of new technologies.Ibid. para. 210, and A/CN.9/421, paras. 104-108.
B. Forms of government-private sector interaction
B. Enterprise sector strategies in diversification 39-54
Currently, 16 countries have operational earth stations under the Mercure system.
54. Consequences of the Iraqi occupation of and aggression against Kuwait
Other possible national sources of information include trade promotion organisations, banks, chambers of commerce, industry associations, etc, and will vary from country to country in terms of how the information is presented and how accurate and up-to-date it is.
37. Several countries in transition have established enterprise or business support institutions, ranging from start-up services to credit and loan guarantee funds, technological centres, business incubators, education and training institutions, chambers of commerce and networking organizations, as well support mechanisms for participation in trade fairs.
They can also, in some cases, involve several countries simultaneously and several population strata.
342. The Committee recommends the establishment of family planning programmes that emphasize sex education, use of adequate contraception and responsible use of sterilization services where necessary, with the patient’s express authorization and after the consequences of such procedure had been fully explained.
Taking note of Security Council resolution 984 (1995) of 11 April 1995 and the views expressed on it,
The Committee also recalled that the assessment rates to which the flat annual fee rates are applied during the period from 1998 to 2000 are 0.001 per cent for the Holy See, Nauru and Tonga.
The differing impact of liberalization depending upon specific national characteristics, capacities and regulatory structures would seem to be a feature of other services sectors as well.
In some instances, the controls may be quite specific (for example, in matters relating to revenue collections, contract award, specifications for computerized information systems and human resource management).
The Office of Human Resources Management has also initiated a review of the recruitment functionalities to determine the modalities for their implementation (see annex I, para. 5).
43. Randomization poses ethical problems.
3. At the same session, by its resolution 1805 (XVII) of 14 December 1962 on the question of South West Africa, the General Assembly requested the Special Committee to discharge, mutatis mutandis, the tasks assigned to the Special Committee for South West Africa by resolution 1702 (XVI) of 19 December 1961.
Positions for crime prevention specialists were also established at all district and regional directorates of the Slovak constabulary.
(p) Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (E/1998/7 and Corr.1); To be issued as Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 12.
An International Emergency Response Consultative Mechanism has been formulated to promote the effective use and coordination of international assets.
Similarly, there is possible duplication between some functions performed by the Department of Management and the administration in the field.
Letter dated 27 May 1992 from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Bosnia and Herzegovina addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24024).
Between 0145 and 0600 hours the client militia fired several 81-mm mortar shells and directed several bursts of fire at outlying areas of Qusayr and Rshaf from its positions at Qusayr and Ruways and on Bal`awil hill.
Conscious that United Nations visiting missions enhance the capacity of the United Nations to assist the peoples of Non-Self-Governing Territories in attaining the objectives set forth in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, and in other relevant resolutions of the Assembly,
Activities include teacher-training, school-focused income-generation, girls’ education, environmental education, and tracing and integration assistance for unaccompanied children.
The estimates are based on the “wet lease” and self-sustainment reimbursement rates endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/222 of 11 April 1996;
And such atrocious criminal acts have left indelible wounds and grudges for our people.
Accordingly, on 24 February 1998, the bureau of the Ministerial Council of ACS asked that the necessary steps be taken in order that ACS be granted observer status in the General Assembly of the United Nations. ANNEX II
The rationale for the police deployment was to calm tensions arising from illegal attempts to cross the border.
24. Malaria continued to be the most common cause of morbidity in Somalia.
STRENGTHENING OF THE COORDINATION OF HUMANITARIAN AND DISASTER RELIEF
(b) decided to transmit the text in the annex to the first session of the Conference of the Parties;
4. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this question at this stage.
“6. Requests the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, in close cooperation with the regional commissions, to prepare a report on the implementation of the present resolution, to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session.”
UNIFIL protests all these and other incidents to the authorities concerned.
All information gathered would be collated and analyzed statistically.
In particular, the IMF Legal Department provided technical assistance for the organization of the second and third high-level meetings of the reform of financial systems in Latin America and the Caribbean, held in Caracas on 27 and 28 October 1997 and in Madrid on 28 and 29 May 1998, respectively.
Prepare a synthesis report of activities for the COP.
Access is generally duty free for ACP countries.
“Conscious that limited steps relating to detargeting have been taken by the nuclear-weapon States to address this concern and that further steps are necessary to contribute to the improvement in the international climate for negotiations leading to the elimination of nuclear weapons,
Details on the number of participants from each Non-Self-Governing Territory is given in the accompanying table.
473. Owing to the high calibre of candidates who apply each year for the fellowship, the Fellowship Advisory Panel, which evaluates the candidates, last year requested the Under-Secretary-General, the Legal Counsel of the United Nations, to explore the possibility of increasing the endowment to enable the awarding of more than one fellowship per year.
4. At the 12th meeting, on 23 October 1998, the Chairman introduced a draft resolution entitled “Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan” (A/C.5/53/L.10), submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
212. CCAQ supported the recommendations of the ICSC secretariat that the current common staff assessment scale continue to apply until the next pensionable remuneration/staff assessment review, in two years’ time.
CEDAW/C/1998/II/WG.II/WP.1/ Statement on reservations
The standards which have been produced provide a framework for the creation of standard operating procedures, which in turn detail the manner in which specific mine-clearance operations are conducted.
17. Stresses that a comprehensive and integrated approach to the promotion and protection of the human rights of women, including the integration of the human rights of women into the mainstream of United Nations system-wide activities, requires systematic, increased and sustained attention to and implementation of the general recommendations of the Committee, at the request of the General Assembly, throughout the United Nations system;
One such recommendation involves action by national parliaments and Governments with regard to necessary follow-up on agreed measures emanating from final documents and reports of the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU), and the endorsement by parliaments of the conclusions and recommendations on the CSCM process.
22. The early transmittal of proceeds from National Committees is always encouraged.
Mr. Victor Yenyi Olungu (Democratic Republic of the Congo)*** A/53/105
Moreover, India has large-scale licit production of psychotropic substances which are exported, licitly and illicitly, to other countries of the subregion, where the substances are widely abused.
Tender documents were prepared for the joint infrastructure projects in the West Bank planned in cooperation with the Palestinian Authority, namely, construction and equipping of a 20-bed paediatric ward, X-ray unit and physiotherapy unit at Qalqilia hospital, and construction of a public health laboratory at Ramallah with a satellite laboratory in the Gaza Strip.
Initiatives recommended in 1996 will continue and be monitored through special internal progress reviews commissioned by senior management.
Under the current medium-term plan structure, the programme corresponds to a department or office and the subprogramme encompasses responsibilities entrusted to an organizational unit, normally at the division level.
An informal workshop on Annex I communications will be held in the afternoon on Thursday, 31 July.
171. The Board recommended that the Administration address the resource constraints of the Tribunal.
(e) Organization of seminars for States which have already adopted competition legislation, have experience in the control of RBPs and wish to consult each other on specific cases and exchange information;
If the economy cannot withstand the shock (as was the case in certain Asian economies in 1997), the signal is unlikely to have the desired impact and may even have the obverse one.
Financial assistance to the Interim Joint Administration (voluntary contributions)
Women in Panama earned less than men and were not equally represented in positions of decision-making, while institutional mechanisms for gender equality lacked financial resources.
22. In the past, troops were also provided to the Force by Finland, the Islamic Republic of Iran and Peru.
Parties listed in Annex X shall, individually or jointly, in accordance with paragraph 112.1, reduce emission levels for CO2, CH4 and N2O together (weighted total, using GWP with a 100 year time-horizon), by [ _ per cent] by 2005 and by 15 per cent by 2010 (reference year 1990).
Screening of films In commemoration of the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People has arranged the screening of a series of films until Friday, 5 December 1997 at the Dag Hammarskjöld Library Auditorium, at 1 p.m. as follows:
62. The ILO Project to Promote ILO Policy on Indigenous and Tribal Peoples, which began operation in 1996, is a technical cooperation project financed by DANIDA.
The group reviewed and approved a provisional timetable indicating the expected needs of the ad hoc committee as regards meetings until the completion of its task.
Contributions to the five-year review have suggested that the decision of the General Assembly to create the post of High Commissioner could justifiably be considered as one of the most important results of the Vienna Conference.
Whilst the environmental objectives of MEAs have received broad public support, it has been increasingly recognized that MEAs involve important economic and developmental issues, and that compliance costs may differ widely across developed and developing country parties, thus raising issues related to equity.
36. The clear right to compensation under The Hague Convention reflects the right to compensation as it had been long recognized as either jus cogens or a fundamental principle of law.
Reference was made in this regard to paragraph 3 of annex II to General Assembly resolution 51/242.
232. International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994 [Security Council resolution 955 (1994)]
There, competition in electricity generation has spurred shifts from coal and oil to natural gas, which is burned in high efficiency units, and increased productivity in nuclear plants.
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES
They deeply regret the suppression by the Serbian police of peaceful demonstrations in Kosovo and the subsequent unrestrained use of force that has resulted in fatalities.
All actors working together on one strategic plan for recovery, a framework for coordination must be established during the initial reconstruction planning phases.
The estimate provides for 143 local staff.
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).
Participation in international conferences
1. The United Nations System-Wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control was first mandated in 1989 by the General Assembly in resolution 44/141.
(f) Setting up a fellowship programme for young African professionals to familiarize them with and contribute to the research and policy operations of ECA, Member States and the network, and to prepare these young people for possible career assignments to network organizations and Member States Governments;
Between 2040 and 2115 hours Israeli forces fired two 155-mm artillery shells and several 120-mm shells at outlying areas of Yatar and the fringes of Jabal Sujud and Jabal al-Rafi` from their positions at Ksarat al-Urush and Tall Ya`qub.
74. The Board undertook a study to assess the preparedness of the Programme for managing the year 2000 issue, which threatens all information systems.
1. Gross and massive violations of human rights committed on the orders of a Government or with its sanction are a grave violation of the principle of respect for human rights and constitute an international crime.
Memorandum submitted by the International Labour Office
Since then, a third group has gained recognition: local government and municipal authorities.
During their initial appearances before the Tribunal, they all pleaded not guilty.
(a) Fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights;
512. The Committee recommends that the system of data collection be improved at the central and local levels of the State, and that it comprise all the areas covered by the Convention.
87. First of all, the Special Rapporteur has noticed, since his appointment, that his mandate seemed to be limited to the management of the manifestations of intolerance and discrimination in matters of religion and belief.
Several roads were closed to Palestinian traffic to clear the way for the parade, which moved down from Tel Rumeideh along Shuhada Street before continuing to the Cave of the Patriarchs (Ibrahimi Mosque) .
Establishment of a Supreme Council for the Promotion of Peace and the Prevention, Management and Resolution of Political Crises and Armed Conflict in Central Africa
37. At the suggestion of the Secretary-General (A/BUR/53/1, para. 35), the General Committee recommends to the General Assembly that, allowing for the necessary flexibility and with the exception of the anniversary of the United Nations, the Assembly should adopt the following format for commemorative meetings: statements by the President of the General Assembly and the Secretary-General, statements by the chairmen of the five regional groups and by the representative of the host country.
He described the taxes as being very high, sometimes amounting to 50 per cent of income, and were levied on crops, land, water, houses and television sets.
It should be noted that, on 11 May 1998, the Government of Rwanda suspended the activities of the Field Operation, pending discussions on the Operation’s future role.
Review and implementation of the Concluding Document of the Twelfth Special Session of the General Assembly: United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Asia and the Pacific
UNCTAD IX adopted the approach of holding expert meetings to benefit from a higher level of technical expertise.
(d) Such an organization shall not hold any vote additional to those of its member States.
The Administration expressed the reservation that charging for full staff costs would almost double the running cost of the conference centre and would exceed the expected revenue.
Unliquidated obligations comprised the following (in United States dollars):
TD/B/COM.3/5 - Report of the Expert Meeting on the Use of
16. Experience shows that it is also absolutely essential to have a sufficient number of trained and experienced international security or military police officers to undertake investigations into missing or damaged property.
12. With regard to the field missions undertaken by the Special Rapporteur, the Governments of the United States, Germany and Brazil have sent him information on measures they have taken in implementation of his recommendations (see documents A/52/471, paras. 29-37, and E/CN.4/1998/79, paras. 109-127).
The substance of the proposal for founding the Democratic Confederal Republic of Koryo is that the country should be reunified by founding a confederal republic through the establishment of a unified national government, on condition that the north and the south recognize and tolerate each other’s ideas and systems, a government in which they exercise regional autonomy respectively with equal rights and duties.
The Centre functioned until 1992 under the auspices of the Department for Disarmament Affairs, which acted as the focal point for coordinating inputs to the Centre’s activities by pertinent organs, programmes and agencies of the United Nations system.
(c) Measures to uphold the authority of the 1925 Geneva Protocol
(ii) Prohibition on service as a repository of government funds.
In one of its substantive paragraphs, the text of the above-mentioned communication reads as follows:
Any additional comments arising during the briefings scheduled for 11 February and 5 March 1997 will be reported to the Commission at the organizational meeting.
Mrs. J. Wright (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)
25. In addressing the public information policies and activities of the United Nations, a number of delegations observed that the role of the Committee on Information in the effort to reform the Organization in the key area of information and communications had diminished.
In that context, the Rector of the University participated in the fall 1997 session of ACC.
A failure to properly manage this type of stress can lead to illness; significant resources are required to care for the individual, while at the same time rendering the person unable to continue to work.
Other centres succeeded in co-producing programmes with local television stations or in making arrangements for the airing of existing United Nations features on human rights.
These samples were analysed at reference laboratories in three nations, including the United States Naval Medical Research Institute (NMRI) in Bethesda, Maryland.
5. Calls upon the United Nations system to continue studying, within the scope of the implementation of the present resolution, possible ways of promoting more cooperative arrangements between landlocked States in Central Asia and their transit developing neighbours, and to encourage a more active supportive role on the part of the donor community;
Issuance of individual letters of delegation that clearly spell out the assignment, responsibilities and levels of signing authority
I assure you that the recent actions of police forces of the Republic of Serbia in Kosovo and Metohija have been carried out exclusively in the function of combating terrorism, which escalated in the past months, bringing about suffering of a great number of innocent citizens.
(e) The financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis of accounting and have not been adjusted to reflect the effects of changing prices for goods and services.
(iv) Measures taken to support the preparation and implementation of action programmes at all levels, including information on the financial resources they have provided, or are providing, both bilaterally and multilaterally;
High prevalence of heroin abuse was reported by the United States of America (1.8 per cent), Brazil (1 per cent) and Portugal (0.6 per cent).
10. In an attempt to combat poverty, Governments in developing countries have, for decades, been trying to direct and expand the outreach of credit through development banks and other government-sponsored programmes.
Through funds provided by the Drug Abuse Prevention Centre, a non-governmental organization based in Tokyo, UNDCP distributed grants totalling $500,000 to 51 non-governmental organizations from developing countries during 1997.
12. The statement of income and expenditure does not include funds received and expenditures made from special accounts.
Prosecutors, magistrates and judges of the selected court would be specially trained in the handling of drug abuse cases, drug and precursor trafficking cases, money-laundering cases and asset forfeiture cases, as well as in complementary areas such as court and case management.
D. Draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.10/Rev.1 and 2
282. The Committee welcomes the submission by Cambodia of its report after a long period of time during which the dialogue between the Committee and the State party had been disrupted, as well as the presence of its delegation.
Each of the Parties listed in Annex A shall aim to achieve the QELRO listed for it in that Annex for the limitation and reduction of anthropogenic emissions by sources and sinks of all greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol.
After the President has announced the beginning of voting, no representative shall interrupt the voting except on a point of order in connection with the actual conduct of the voting.
Further regional workshops have been scheduled for 1997.
The main reason is the current inadequacy of institutions and management capabilities in developing countries.
The Chief Administrative Officer also assessed the above-mentioned options in terms of their feasibility and practicality.
UNDCP supported a drug abuse assessment study that had established the Alcohol and Drug Addiction Research and Treatment Center (AMATEM) as the national focal point for activities involving the treatment and rehabilitation of drug abusers.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.3 and L.47
Hungary has chosen the average greenhouse gas (GHG) emission figures of years 1985 to 1987 as its base period figures in the inventory, but it also presented figures for the year 1990.
B. Country rapporteur for State party which
c Percentage point change in investment/GDP ratio.
63. The Special Rapporteur notes that in the aftermath of the six regional summits held so far, a selective regime of sanctions is currently in place in Burundi.
Cooperative arrangements between GESAMP and GIWA are being established.
The parties have endorsed a final text of the agreement.
Total primary energy supply amounted to 39 million metric tonnes of oil equivalent (Mtoe) in 1994 (compared to 67 Mtoe in 1989), of which 43 per cent was composed of natural gas, 28 per cent oil, 25 per cent coal, and 3 per cent domestically produced hydroelectric power.
After the confrontations or military operations, the military closed the areas to access by non-governmental organizations and human rights observers.
In 1997, reports were obtained from 33 Member States.
An underlying objective of CCM is to facilitate the matching of the needs of recipients with available resources.
27. The second major involvement in peacekeeping operations related to arranging for third-party coverage for vehicles, aircraft and other facilities utilized in the mission area.
The Committee decided to be represented in the working group, which would report to the Committee on a regular basis.
The new scenario in the health services sector13 - 22 Chapter 2
In view of the above, the Administration maintained that it was expedient to continue with the existing practice for the time being.
The Amsterdam Child Labour Conference (February 1997) called on Governments to undertake the broadest possible consultations in order to reply to that questionnaire.
1. The unutilized balance of $333,900 was due to an average vacancy rate of 3 per cent among the international staff and the decision of the General Assembly to convert seven posts from General Service to Local level.
“Party included in Annex I” means a Party included in Annex I to the Convention, and as may be subsequently amended by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention, or a Party which has made a notification under Article 4.2(g) of the Convention.
Informal meeting There will be an open meeting of all delegations regarding co-sponsorship of the draft resolution of the First Committee on the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-Personnel Mines and on their Destruction on Tuesday, 21 October 1997, at 9 a.m. in Conference Room 4.
Aside from the burning of 2 metric tons of opium in Jalalabad in June, no enforcement action has been reported by the Taliban authorities against the production and trafficking of opiates.
Recommendations relating to technical assistance could, for example, be directed at reservations, review of legislation and law reform.
1. Welcomes the convening of the second session of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention at Dakar from 30 November to 11 December 1998, in accordance with paragraph 19 of its resolution 52/198;
Consequently, it was extremely difficult for the UNTAC security investigators or the local police to follow up on the theft.
NGDO-EC Liaison Committee of Development LIAISON Non-Governmental Organizations to the COMMITTEE European Communities XXXVIII(I)
55. Following recommendations from their workshop on democratization and violence against women held at the NGO Forum in Beijing in 1995, the Association of African Women for Research and Development (AAWORD) launched a new campaign in the spring of 1998 against institutional discrimination against women in the financial sector.
Palestine will be seated after non-member States and before intergovernmental organizations.
At its substantive session of 1998, the Economic and Social Council looked forward to the outcome of the consideration of the report of the Secretary-General on the utilization of the development account (E/1998/81) under section 34 of the programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999 by the relevant intergovernmental bodies (Council decision 1998/296).
At 2250 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery and mortar shells at outlying areas of Majdal Silm from their positions at Bawwabat Mays.
The allocation of time under agenda item 6 shall be based on the principle that observers on the list mentioned under point 1 (a) speak first, until the list is exhausted, followed by government observers exercising their right of reply.
Because of this and the uncertainty regarding paragraph 4 relating to the functions of the GM (on resource mobilization), it is our view that specific details such as the administrative structures, number of staff and their grades, location and office space, etc. should await the decision on the functions and hosting arrangements.” ANNEX
109. The commercial application of information technology has shifted the balance between corporate and State power.
In collaboration with UNIFEM, UNDP is also supporting the placement of 10 gender advisers, principally in UNDP offices in selected United Nations Development Assistance Framework (UNDAF)-designated countries to support the resident coordinator system for Beijing follow-up initiatives.
809. Efforts are also required for the treatment of children with disabilities and their prevention, and to raise awareness about the need to facilitate the active participation of such children in the community, in the light of article 23 of the Convention.
With the expected improvement in communications, the frequency of updates to Headquarters will increase.
By its resolution 706 (1991) of 15 August 1991, the Council created a separate funding mechanism to finance the activities arising from resolution 687 (1991).
In the absence of such resources, providing this service from headquarters remains the more viable, if limited, option.
Contributions to the five-year review by national human rights institutions also point to their ability to be effective partners at the national level, as well as within the larger human rights community, while maintaining their distinct role as independent institutions.
Our concerns have been made known to our interlocutors in recent years.
This additional requirement was offset in part by an unutilized balance of $543 for the security service at Rosh Hanigra.
liabilities represent those portions of the present values of benefits that have accrued from the staff members’ dates of entry on duty until the valuation date.
It is expected that the forum will adopt a call to action, which will include operationally oriented recommendations for the further implementation of the Programme of Action.
14. Many delegations underlined the importance of respect for international humanitarian law by peacekeeping troops. Some delegations called upon the Special Committee to explore the creation of guidelines for testimony by peacekeepers.
Several ways exist to ensure co-ordination on such issues between the subsidiary bodies.
2. The following States members of UNCTAD were represented as observers at the session: Angola Ecuador El Salvador
147. UNU/IIST offered numerous offshore training courses during the year:
At present, the Ministry for Foreign Affairs served as the focal point for the commission.
In addition, an amount of $10,362,690 gross ($9,503,012 net) has been credited to Member States.
The findings are often examined in study groups to test ideas.
Of particular note are The 1997 World Development Report: The State of A Changing World, and the commitment of the President at the 1996 annual meeting to tackle corruption.
(f) To promote regional cooperation on space technology applications and strengthen national capacities in the applications of remote sensing, geographical information system and other spatial information technologies for natural resource management, environmental monitoring, disaster management and development planning;
to whether it is located in airspace or outer space?
At 1200 hours they overflew the South, the Western Bekaa and Mount Lebanon at the same altitude breaking the sound barrier.
(a) The “courts of opinion”, in particular the Russell Tribunal, later the Standing People's Tribunal, which in the absence of an international tribunal — under study at the United Nations since 1946 — filled an institutional lacuna in the face of rampant impunity (see Louis Joinet, “Les tribunaux d'opinion”, in Marxisme, démocratie et droit des peuples, Hommage à Lelìo Basso, (Milan, Editions Franco Angelis, 1979) p. 821);
99. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Slovakia of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of Slovakia, and particularly government administrators and politicians, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps required in that regard.
With aggregate regular budget and peacekeeping assessments in 1997 down from a level in 1994 and 1995 well above $4 billion, it was hoped that payments of arrears would increase substantially because of lesser current demands on Member States.
The actions taken or to be taken by UNDP to implement the recommendations of the Board of Auditors in its report for the biennium 1996–19973 are set out below.
"It is to be recalled that, unfortunately, the Council was twice prevented from playing the same positive role and from discharging its responsibilities for the maintenance of peace and security, as a result of the two vetoes exercised by the United States of America on 7 and 21 March 1997 on two draft resolutions dealing with the illegal Israeli settlement in Jabal Abu Ghneim.
57. The Advisory Committee received no information on the unexpected adjournment of court proceedings.
I certify that the appended financial statements of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, numbered I to V, are fairly stated.
Projects are coordinated by the Academic Division at the UNU Centre and are administered through UNU/BIOLAC in Caracas.
Report of the Industrial Development Board on the work of its sixteenth session (20-22 November 1996)
The following is a listing of standards describing methods acceptable for performing the impact test:
As this is a very recent phenomenon, little work has as yet been done on the factors encouraging the formation of such alliances and the benefits derived from them.
(k) Contract for certification of sea containers ($22,500);
20. Underlines the importance of the transparency and involvement of debtor countries in any review and analysis that is conducted during the adjustment period;
Matters arising out of the resolutions of major legislative organs of the United Nations and other intergovernmental bodies which are brought to the attention of the Commission: note by the secretariat (HS/C/16/16) - for decision
The Agency is actively engaged in the recruitment of qualified personnel to fill vacancies in the Department of Administration and Finance.
He stated that technological solutions are now widely available, but work still needs to be done to ensure access to this technology in regions of the world which are less advanced.
Support account for peacekeeping operations
REGISTRATION DATA ON SPACE OBJECTS LAUNCHED BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION IN OCTOBER 1996
Vice-Chairpersons: Mr. Agus Tarmidzi (Indonesia)
(a) There have been slippages in the delivery schedules of important assignments mandated by ICSC and the General Assembly.
Under the cost-sharing arrangements of the tripartite agreement, IAEA and UNIDO shared in some of the savings while the Vienna Office also accrued savings of $260,000 from efficiencies achieved by UNIDO in the area of buildings management.
Particular attention must be given to ensure that indigenous peoples, ethnic minorities, the landless, women and children are represented and included in this process;
These investments can also benefit producers of other commodities by reducing their transportation costs and bringing them closer to markets, thus making possible the establishment of new forestry or agricultural production.
E. Establishment of space-related education activities
Although the Committee appreciated the effort to limit the level of support costs, it trusted that existing policies, as well as the practical needs of the executing agencies, would be taken fully into account.
40. UNIDIR intends to extend its visiting fellowship programme so that, rather than two or three scholars per year each for three-month periods, as has been the case recently, there would be six or more researchers for periods of six months.
In this regard, foreign suppliers of health services needed to be supportive of national health development programmes, and benefits derived from trade in services should be used to contribute to improving the health and living conditions of the population.
33. The lack of information in some reports meant that the Trust Fund Office in Sarajevo did not have sufficiently detailed information about the expenditure on each project.
Alternate: Marianela Ferriol Echevarría (Cuba)
∙ United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (UNTAES)
They also smashed windscreens of cars, house windows and damaged property before being forced to leave by IDF soldiers.
“On 8 June 1998, the European Union’s Council of Fisheries Ministers, headed by the United Kingdom as Council President, took up a proposal to ban EU vessels from using drift-nets in all waters (with the exception of the Baltic Seas) by the year 2002.
The international community and all United Nations agencies were given the opportunity to review the draft texts when they were circulated to all Member States at a meeting held at United Nations Headquarters in April 1998.
GHG emitters will have incentives to make emission reductions that cost less at the margin than the price of a permit and to invest in technological development so as to abate more cheaply in the future.
Reaffirming that regional arrangements play a fundamental role in promoting and protecting human rights and should reinforce universal human rights standards, as contained in international human rights instruments, and their protection,
The secretariat promoted gender mainstreaming through a network of gender focal points, and the Director-General created a considerably stronger “women and gender equality” mode of coordination, with three posts at the D-1 level, three Professional staff and three General Service staff.
However, many countries have started opening their markets to foreign presence in various forms and favouring competition as a means of achieving better health services, reducing price escalation, and taking pressure off the public sector.
In Japan, the food industry accounts for 40 per cent of all tariff peaks throughout the various branches.
92. The court ruled that the autopsy report contained no evidence that the six broken ribs had been caused by torture and that ill-treatment had caused the victim’s death.
The process required that the aviation needs of a mission were to be identified within the operational plan and then approved by both the mission administration and Headquarters.
1. Amend as necessary to reflect the changes adopted for Chapter 2.
Similarly, in Côte d'Ivoire, export tax on soluble coffee is lower than that on green coffee.
According to the charge sheet, the three defendants came across the Palestinians while patrolling Beit Safafa.
A. Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget
19. The chairpersons emphasized the importance of the work of the special rapporteurs and representatives, experts and chairpersons of working groups and underlined the utility of and the need to have easy access to the reports of other existing United Nations mechanisms so as to improve the work of the human rights treaty bodies.
362. Inadequate reception facilities for dirty ballast water, waste oil and garbage present a serious worldwide problem for the shipping industry.
In areas which were under the control of the Northern Alliance, United Nations property was repeatedly violated and office and warehouse premises systematically looted of their contents, amounting to millions of dollars of losses.
Participation in joint implementation projects shall be voluntary, and shall require prior acceptance, approval or endorsement by the participating Parties;
No additional funding is requested for contractual work apart from the above tasks.
Third, as mentioned in paragraph 48 below, the Islamic Human Rights Commission has recently seemed to be taking allegations of torture seriously.
Greater efforts should be made to ensure closer cooperation with non-governmental organizations working in the field of human and children's rights.
10. The Commission entrusted Working Group II with the mandate of dealing with agenda item 5, entitled “Fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament”.
(i) Only 17 instead of 20 employers were selected as comparators;
(c) Election-related contractual services
18. Takes note of the proposals contained in the report of the Secretary-General’s Task Force on the Reorientation of United Nations Public Information Activities8 concerning United Nations information centres, including the proposal for the organizing of a United Nations information centres network and the establishment of regional hubs, and notes that these proposals are being considered by the Department of Public Information;
Seventh report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (11 December 1997)
34. At its closing (119th) plenary meeting, on 16 June 1997, the Working Party adopted its draft agreed conclusions and agreed to annex the Chairman’s summary to its report. (For the agreed conclusions and Chairman’s summary, see annex III). Chapter II
Alcatel Espace will construct the Poseidon II radar altimeter for Jason, a joint mission of CNES and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).
Consultation Room Briefing by Dr. Hans Blix, Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (S/1997/779 and S/1997/793)
15. During the period 1 April 1996–14 October 1998, more than 630,000 financial transactions were processed in IMIS. They included 122,000 payment requests, 105,000 receivables, 81,000 pre-encumbrances of funds, 69,000 obligations and 44,000 disbursements.
10. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance of vehicles
(b) Report of the Working Party on the Medium-Term Plan and Programme Budget on its twenty-ninth session
Parties concerned are urged to submit their comments on the draft in-depth review reports produced by the review teams, if possible not later than eight weeks following receipt of the drafts;
Since 1979, UNEP has also recognized as expenditures the unliquidated obligations of cooperating agencies.
B. Description of the objectives of the legislation and the extent to which they have evolved since the introduction of the original legislation.
However, other delegations reiterated the view that ITU was the appropriate body to address questions concerning the use of the geostationary orbit and was addressing those questions effectively.
13. The Board assessed the extent to which the UNEP financial statements for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 conform to the United Nations System Accounting Standards.
This includes information on technological capabilities provided by States parties to the Ottawa Convention, feedback from ongoing mine-action programmes, reports from professional bodies and institutes, extracts from academic papers and technology journals, and the results of equipment trials and technology evaluation.
The representative of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization also made an intervention.
5. At its 31st meeting, on 16 November, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.6/53/L.10 without a vote (see para. 6).
This can be helpful in developing a culture of prevention, thereby overcoming the reluctance of some Governments to accept outside help on grounds of sovereignty.
After the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States.
The issuance of a number of publications, which were completed in draft form during 1997, was delayed to 1998, whereas a number of technical reports, anticipated to be prepared towards the end of 1997, were not delivered.
The Board of Auditors has audited the operations of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR). The Board also validated the financial statements of UNITAR for the year ended 31 December 1997, and conducted two management audits, covering the establishment of a Recruitment and Promotion Board and the procurement procedures.
3353 AIR BAG INFLATORS, COMPRESSED 2.2 280 GAS or AIR BAG MODULES, COMPRESSED GAS or SEAT-BELT PRETENSIONERS, COMPRESSED GAS
Hungary's previous competition act, Act No. LXXXVI of 1990 on the Prohibition of Unfair Market Practices, was approved by Parliament on 20 November 1990.
The three objectives were established in the light of past experience.
In addition, the global initiative for Africa of the Secretary-General of the United Nations would warrant UNCTAD being actively involved in the area of FDI for the region through a pilot project on FDI profiles for African countries.
162. The following cases involving maritime boundaries and sovereignty are pending before the International Court of Justice:
(b) Environmental questions: sustainable development
The salient developments in the recent period has been the increased importance of the socio-economic sectors, particularly the education sector, and the water supply and sanitation sector.
6. A total of 107 Member States have so far paid their regular budget assessments in full, a record high.
42. At the Summit Conference on Sustainable Development, held at Santa Cruz de la Sierra, Bolivia, in December 1996, OAS was entrusted with coordinating follow-up to the Plan of Action of the Summit Conference.
It recognized that remote sensing activities should take into account the need to provide appropriate and non-discriminatory access to meet the needs of developing countries.
5. At the outset, it was made clear that both the staff representatives and CCAQ supported a technically competent, independent and impartial International Civil Service Commission, and that proposals advanced by them were advanced in an earnest desire to build upon and honour that statutory requirement.
The replacement of vehicles is based on the policy of age, mileage and general condition.
Long held traditions of security and respect for the aged are being undermined by current socio-economic changes.
In view of the foregoing, it is likely that the original cost estimates for the 12-month period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 as originally submitted in document A/52/772/Add.2 may be sufficient to accommodate the armoured vehicles and communications equipment that were not envisaged at the time the original estimates were completed and submitted.
Trinidad and Tobago withdrew from the Optional Protocol and re-acceded subject to reservations with effect from 26 August 1998. The effect of the reservations will be considered by the Committee in due course in the context of the reporting process or in proceedings under the Optional Protocol.
(e) Horizontal and vertical diversification in commodity-dependent countries.
Such a multitude of organizations has been justified on the grounds that they can respond better to the different needs of SMEs which are engaged in the production of either industrial goods or handicrafts.
With regard to international conventions, there has generally been slow progress in the adherence to international legal transit instruments.
Agricultural banks, rural offices of postal savings institutions, and various development and NGO projects have provided credit, often at subsidized rates, to the rural sector, SMEs and micro enterprises.
The processing plant is designed to conform to United States and EU hygiene requirements.
To that end, the subprogramme will strive:
In accordance with United Nations accounting policies, non-expendable equipment is not included in the fixed assets of the Organization but is charged against the current appropriations when acquired:
The methods of budgeting these costs should be improved so as to ensure that all additional costs are accounted for.”
Rule 74 (Participation of other intergovernmental organizations)
5. Financial mechanism: Review process referred to in decision 9/CP.1
Detailed information is presented in annex V to the present report.
59. There is still much uncertainty about the application of the 1996 Law on General Amnesty.
Notwithstanding that progress, the Secretary-General firmly believes that further improvements are possible, and he shall continue to insist that every effort be made towards that end.
50. Close collaboration is ongoing with the Arab Labour Organization through providing necessary technical backstopping for developing databases on occupational diseases and work accidents in member States.
43. Another interactive communication trend is emerging in UNFPA’s support to communication in support of ICPD.
In addition to its role of providing protection to refugees, UNHCR is funding and ensuring the overall supervision and monitoring of the assistance programme.
IV. Statistical data: observations and summary analysis
Project Delphi concluded in 1997, but the UNHCR work programme for 1998 concentrated on several priority areas, such as the establishment of an operations management system; the preparation of a protection database; the implementation of a global supply chain, which would be linked to the operations management system; the improvement of human resources management systems; the development of new financial and budgetary systems; and the replacement of systems.
396. UNEP continues to assist in overseeing the project on the survey of national environmental legislation, objectives, strategies and policies.
8. East Asia and the Pacific: sector, execution modality and location by source of funding, 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 44
It is suggested that instead full texts of in-depth review reports be translated into all official languages of the United Nations and distributed widely; this would also eliminate the need to produce and translate summaries of in-depth review reports.
An Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention Web page has been created providing information on activities of the Centre for International Crime Prevention and a newsletter is being published by the Office four times a year.
Reiterating the highest priority accorded to nuclear disarmament in the Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly and by the international community,
However, the Commission was relieved to note that unlike in each of the two preceding years, an extraordinary meeting on the Agency’s financial situation had not been necessary.
Statements were made by the United States, the Syrian Arab Republic, Cuba, Belgium (on behalf of the European Union) and Pakistan.
Moreover, statistics on complaints filed, prosecutions, convictions and sentences of members of the police and security forces for abuse of power should be included in the next report.
Although the Committee considered that a model of flexible cooperation should be created between the Committee and the Special Rapporteur, it considered that it might be useful to nominate a focal point from among its members to develop a closer relationship with the Special Rapporteur.
All peacekeeping operations were also audited and the large peacekeeping missions were continuously audited by resident auditors.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.8 and L.58
(cc) Statement submitted by the Inter-Parliamentary Union, a non-governmental organization in general consultative status with the Economic and Social Council (E/1998/NGO/4).
The European Union hopes that they will be endorsed by popular vote and encourages the State and society of Guatemala to continue the process towards the full implementation of the Peace Accords.
39. In 1982 the Government appointed a Saami Rights Commission to study questions concerning Saami rights, including Saami land rights.
Suffice it to say that it is only a figment of their imagination designed to cover up their crimes against civilians. Appendix
Mr. Sergei I. Mareyev (Russian Federation)**
Students also stabbed an effigy of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
He had received the nominations of Mr. Halim Mohamed (Sudan), Ms. Boh (Slovenia), Mr. Clerisme (Haiti) and Mr. Manno (Italy).
The Secretary-General’s formulation of the proposals for the utilization of the Account will be undertaken within the framework of the Executive Committee on Economic and Social Affairs, which will consider proposals on the basis of agreed objectives on behalf of the Secretary-General, who will submit them to the relevant intergovernmental bodies for consideration.
Training in clinical care and counselling is supported by AVSC in several countries and by CEDPA in Nepal, Nigeria and elsewhere.
174. On 27 April, three border policemen who had kidnapped and abused two Palestinian men six months earlier were sentenced to prison terms ranging from one year to one-and-a-half years plus a one-year suspended sentence.
In the spirit of article 29 of the Convention, further steps should be taken to develop guidelines for the participation of all children in the life of the school, in conformity with the principles and provisions of the Convention.
(d) "Session" means any ordinary or extraordinary session of the Conference of the Parties convened in accordance with article 22 of the Convention;
The reasons for that included an additional $12 million in income from pledges announced at an informal meeting of major donors and host authorities held in May 1998, together with some $4 million in savings resulting from developments on international currency markets and the early payment of some regular contributions.
Principal assignments in the Foreign Service of Ecuador
On 19 October, the European Union, OSCE and the United States Embassy in Croatia presented to the Government a “non-paper” on the media.
The Division expects to maintain a similar activity for the period from 1 January to 30 June 1998.
(a) Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention;
Usually only a short resumé of the matters decided would henceforth be recorded, and translated.
ADOPTION OF THE AGENDA AND ORGANIZATION OF WORK
The provision of actual financial resources is rather limited; instead, United Nations bodies have emphasized capacity-building and institutional strengthening, training and consultations to spread best practices.
Two days later, after carrying out two more underground sub-kiloton tests, the Government announced the completion of the planned series of tests.
Now, we need to reaffirm our faithfulness to the goal that has been outlined.
The Committee recommends that steps be taken to bring the law into compliance with the Covenant.
So far, 228 veterinarians and paravets have undergone training in 34 courses.
169. On 25 December, the PA described its national census as a major success, with a 99.9 per cent response rate despite its claim of some 100 cases of Israeli harassment against census-takers.
Although there has been overall progress in judicial representation for the defence in genocide trials, representation has been unevenly distributed.
In particular, concern was expressed about a new illicit drug-trafficking route that had emerged in Transcaucasia, influenced by the transit corridor through the subregion for illicit drugs from south-west Asia and from central Asia destined for Europe.
204. The Committee strongly recommends the formulation and implementation of effective policies to combat prostitution and trafficking of women.
35. With UNDP funding, the International Labour Organization (ILO) is engaged in the implementation of a project designed to develop skills and ultimately provide employment opportunities to demobilized combatants and other persons affected by conflict.
It is the opinion of the Committee that the United Nations Administration erred in authorizing the payments.
The first plenary meeting will open at 10 a.m. on Monday, 24 November 1997 and be devoted to procedural matters (items 1 and 2) and to introductory statements.
The official number of labour inspectors at the Ministry of Labour, Social Affairs and Veterans is 100 but only about 12 in fact carry out inspections.
125. With regard to recommendation 6, the Inspectors wished to emphasize the potential role of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library in screening publications before programme budgets were prepared.
46. The General Assembly may wish to take note of Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/26 and thus to reaffirm the importance of operational activities for development in assisting developing countries to implement the commitments of the Beijing Platform for Action.
The General Assembly takes note of the following documents:
In plenary session, the Secretariat emphasized the need for the Working Group to review the rates published in the report of the Phase III Working Group and to facilitate the preparation of the report of the Secretary-General requested by the General Assembly.
Estonia has not set any specific national target relating to emissions and removals of GHGs.
That support has been critical in enhancing governmental efforts to place primary education within the macroeconomic framework.
18. The Board has noted the strengthening of the internal control system in the Procurement Division.
The Working Group on general principles of criminal law will meet at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 1.
249. The Committee requests the Government of Bulgaria to address in its next report all the questions raised by members of the pre-session working group, as well as all the questions raised by members of the Committee during the oral presentation which have not been answered.
The Commission on Human Rights, at its fifty-fourth session reiterated that the essence of the right to development is the principle that the human person is the central subject of development, and that the right to life includes within it existence in human dignity with the minimum necessities of life (see Commission resolution 1998/72 on the right to development).
5. Articles 2 and 16 are considered by the Committee to be core provisions of the Convention.
Its exporters were facing market access problems as a result of the action of lobbies and of NGOs.
Facilities for posting mail are available at this counter. The United Nations Postal Administration operates a philatelic office in room DC2-0625 (ext. 37684), which services mail orders for stamps and other philatelic items.
He stated that in past year he had received further information about severe beating in that police station.
Membership is open to private and public enterprises and management development institutions, schools and centres, as well as development agencies, foundations, etc.
The Commission expressed its appreciation for the work of UNCTAD, reiterated its desire to cooperate with it and endorsed plans of cooperation between the secretariats of the two organizations.
Open door project briefings will now be held regularly at the UNU Centre.
Mr. Arafat’s statements drew sharp criticism from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu who stated that they were in violation of the Oslo Accords and would lead to their cancellation. (Ha’aretz, Jerusalem Post, 13 February; Ha’aretz, 15 February)
7 Reported in Hindu Daily, 20 February 1998.
The mandate, given by the Assembly in its resolution 45/264, for an annual report of the Secretary-General on restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields is also covered in this report.
The seventh session of the AGBM will be opened by the Chairman at 10 a.m. on Thursday, 31 July 1997.
Training of drug law enforcement officers to deal with this development was necessary.
The whole movement for the protection of human rights arose as an attempt to redress the balance between the power of the State to impose duties on individuals and the powerlessness of the individuals to ensure correlative respect for their rights.
61. The Economic and Social Council, at its 1998 session on the integrated and coordinated follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits, stressed that poverty eradication and improving living conditions of people everywhere should be the overriding objective of the Council’s efforts to ensure an integrated and coordinated follow-up to conferences, in particular the World Summit for Social Development.
The fixed exchange rate also provided an implicit assurance to market participants, who saw no need to hedge foreign borrowing.
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention and its implementation and monitoring within the Government, Parliament and the general public, including concerned non-governmental organizations.
In such cases, the regional economic integration organization shall be bound by all the obligations under the instrument on behalf of all of its members.
4. Appeals to the member States of the Asia and Pacific region to support Mongolia’s efforts to join the relevant regional security and economic arrangements;
Strengthening communications infrastructure among the network institutions (4 subregional networks at $25,000 each and 20 national networks at $15,000 each) (in support of activity (b) under para. 30).
It also decided to undertake a review of parliamentary action to implement the results of the Summit.
Such assistance should also cover the post-accession period of implementing the WTO rights and obligations.
It was also proposed to amend the article by deleting the phrase “in particular ... nature and”.
2. Joint Group of Experts on the Scientific Aspects of Marine Environmental Protection
The Committee should like to receive additional information on the procedure for designating, electing and dismissing judges.
Largely dependent on mining, the Democratic Republic of the Congo had also become dependent on imported food.
Work is well advanced, and is expected to be completed during the second quarter of 1999.
Nineteen soldiers had been found guilty of killing or killing by negligence.
Immediately following the tenth session of the Committee, the interim secretariat shall invite competent organizations, such as those indicated in annex II, to submit proposals to carry out phase 1 activities.
Thus, this information could not be presented to the Headquarters Committee on Contracts.
The building of a nuclear power plant is nearing completion.
In the long run, full competition has been essential for the competitiveness of firms and industries.
(c) Continue its review of the status of the five international legal instruments governing outer space and establish a working group to consider the item;
(a) Working group I: Practices of the Committee with respect to the concluding comments; timing and working methods of the pre-session working group; the Committee’s relationship with the Special Rapporteur on violence against women, its causes and consequences; the guidelines of the Human Rights Committee for the exercise of functions by members; and issues raised at the ninth meeting of the chairpersons of the human rights treaty bodies.
He had the opportunity to witness for himself the terrible plight of internally displaced people, including hundreds of unaccompanied children who had recently emerged from the bush.
8. Decides also to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session, under the item entitled “United Nations Decade of International Law”, a sub-item entitled “Outcome of the action dedicated to the 1999 centennial of the first International Peace Conference”.
68. The Mission has continued to focus on the performance of the State bodies and authorities whose functions are connected with meeting this commitment.
17. Calls upon the industrialized countries that have not yet contributed to the Enhanced Structural Adjustment Facility/Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Trust Fund to come forward immediately with their contributions;
182. WECAFC also reported that FAO had organized in Cuba in June 1997 a regional workshop that addressed the issue of by-catch from shrimp trawlers.
x Elected at the 2nd meeting, on 3 February 1998 (decision 1998/202 A).
This trust fund was established in August 1996 to support economic revitalization, which includes the development of economic infrastructure and employment generation, and to provide essential services such as water, energy, public transport, communications, shelter, public health and sanitation.
International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families (to be considered biennially after the entry into force of the Convention)
The budgets of the Fund and programme support costs were financed from voluntary contributions geared towards assisting developing countries in meeting their obligations in implementing provisions of the international drug control treaties.
Of the allocations for future years, $156 million relate to 1998.
There have been suggestions that, in some situations, humanitarian aid may do harm as well as good.
The Plan represents the Palestinian Authority’s commitment to developing national capacity in medium-term development planning and in the implementation of development projects.
6.5 The budget proposal reflects a comprehensive internal review of all subprogrammes.
11. A copy of the proposed Code of Conduct, including extracts from the Charter of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, the text of article I of the Staff Regulations and the text of chapter I of the Staff Rules, together with the explanatory commentary and the 1954 ICSAB Report would be issued to staff in booklet form.
The old system of self-evaluation at the subprogramme level had been largely superseded by a broader and more useful approach that included thematic and project evaluations and other types of assessments as well as greater intergovernmental participation in the evaluation process.
66. The Administration has stated that to ensure uniformity in the application of the lump-sum scheme throughout the United Nations, including its funds and programmes, as well as the consistency of relevant policies system-wide, the General Assembly, by its decision 51/465, requested the International Civil Service Commission to review the issue of travel entitlements of staff.
take account of comments on this subject, including those relating to transfer of technology, in Working Group II during the tenth session of the INCD, as well as written submissions from interested members of the INCD and competent organizations.
(f) Joint implementation projects shall be supplemental to domestic policies and measures [, which should provide the main means of meeting commitments under Article 3];
During the review, additional information was provided on ongoing research activities in Ireland, including those of the Economic and Social Research Institute (ESRI) on the CO2 abatement strategy, the main findings of which are listed in this report.
In this context we are putting forward an initiative for ensuring security and unobstructed transit of energy raw materials by major international pipelines.
Also, the Administration should closely supervise its contracts to ensure that contractors’ work meets the required standards, that cost and time overruns are avoided and that the clause on liquidated damages is strictly enforced (para. 57).
Excelsior High School, Kingston, Jamaica.
Addressing the Oslo Conference, the Secretary-General pledged the support and the commitment of the United Nations towards the aim of a total ban on anti-personnel mines.
The survey was limited to a sample of staff and 31 completed replies were returned to the Board.
Between 0135 and 0545 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Nabatiyah area at high altitude.
. To galvanize the support and involvement of civil society in drug control in Africa, UNDCP launched a special initiative to mobilize non-governmental organizations in eastern and southern Africa, linking them to a network to facilitate information exchange and mutual support.
However, because of delays in the closure of individual mission accounts for the period ending 30 June 1996, the financial data provided in the performance reports were not fully harmonized with the financial statements for the period ended 30 June 1996, which were subsequently prepared at a much later date, for the reasons explained in paragraph 8 below.
The Ministers declare the commitment of their States to take all appropriate steps in order to prevent such a development in the region of south-eastern Europe.
After a careful evaluation of all the evidence (details are provided in the attached annex), it has been established beyond any reasonable doubt that it is a trans-line of control act of terrorism by the Indian armed forces.
Preoccupied by the struggle to survive in a situation which offers little hope of a better future, the population has become apathetic, increasingly estranged by the manoeuvres of political leaders, which, in its view, do not address the fundamental issues of poverty, inflation, unemployment and effective government.
(a) Report of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space; Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 20 (A/53/20).
In this as in other regions, support has included assistance given to mount public awareness campaigns; to improve the institutional framework, including the establishment of focal points and of national, subregional and regional coordination structures; to promote the exchange of experience; and in general, to encourage the participatory and consultative process in the elaboration of action programmes.
(ii) Maximize recovery and re-use processes;
49. From the time of the first Dutch colony, the “whites” gradually extended their domination over the whole of South Africa.
211. On 1 December, a 15-year-old youth was injured in the chest during clashes between IDF soldiers and demonstrators in the village of Batta, near Nablus.
II. ERADICATION OF ILLICIT NARCOTIC CROPS AND PROMOTION OF ALTERNATIVE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMMES 14-29 3
In the second sentence, insert the words “gender-sensitive” after the word “appropriate”.
As part of the effort aimed at increased institutional strengthening and coordination, SU/TCDC within UNDP and UNCTAD should intensify their cooperation and seek to identify programmes and projects that could be implemented on the basis of an operational integration of TCDC and ECDC.
Military and defence markets for smart materials are diminishing, and dual-use applications will become increasingly important in the future.
A UNU/INTECH staff member made a presentation of the findings of the Institute’s research on foreign direct investment and technology transfer at the Bank’s Development Prospects Group in October.
Chairman: Mr. Michael John Powles (New Zealand)
Between 1905 and 1915 hours an Israeli gunboat off the coast of the Qalilah plain fired several bursts in all directions.
These devices shall, after discharge, close at a pressure not lower than 10 % below the pressure at which discharge starts and shall remain closed at all lower pressures.
Provision is made for freight costs related to the transfer of three paper shredders, two higher volume photocopiers and three adding machines from other missions to UNMOT.
Consideration of the draft report of the Committee
23. Economic, social and cultural rights should be discussed against the background of the processes of globalization that have been occurring in the world in the last ten years.
14. This trust fund was established pursuant to Security Council resolution 975 (1995) of 30 January 1995 to assist in the creation of an adequate police force in Haiti and to provide goods and services to the international police monitoring programme and other specifically designated purposes in Haiti.
As can be seen from table 1, the falls in the indices of prices were quite widespread, and affected both agricultural commodities and the metals.
International Year of Older Persons, 1999, logo reproduction sheet, released in English in June
It is Malta’s hope that such a proposal will meet the general acceptance of the partners in the Euro-Mediterranean dialogue.
Report of the Secretariat on the procurement of goods and services in 1995 (E/CN.7/1997/CRP.2)
The Special Committee was told about an extended Palestinian family whose 17 members had lived in four rooms, two kitchens and three bathrooms until March 1998.
In addition, two very early agreements banning the use in war of certain projectiles and expanding bullets, respectively, are also noted.
(a) The United Nations accounts are maintained in accordance with the Financial Regulations of the United Nations as adopted by the General Assembly, the rules formulated by the Secretary-General as required under the Regulations and administrative instructions issued by the Under-Secretary-General for Administration and Management or the Controller.
The Committee for Programme and Coordination, when making recommendations, and the Secretary-General, when making proposals on programme priorities, shall take into account the views of the above-mentioned bodies.
Attention to the specific needs of women is also of key importance.
Question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters
75. The report of the Secretary-General on the mid-term review of the implementation of the system-wide medium-term plan for the advancement of women, 1996–2001 (E/CN.6/1998/3) provided a detailed analysis of the follow-up to the Beijing Platform for Action by the United Nations.
17. In view of the important role which subregional organizations will be playing in the future in promoting the effective implementation of subregional transit transport cooperative arrangements, donors and UNDP are invited to support national efforts to establish technical units within
11. Decides, in order to ensure full participation by all Member States in the sessions of the Commission and its working groups, to continue, in the competent Main Committee during the fifty-third session of the General Assembly, its consideration of granting travel assistance to the least developed countries that are members of the Commission, at their request and in consultation with the Secretary-General;
22. OIOS recommended that responsibility be determined for the lapses and the losses in this case, for appropriate action.
In addition, there is political instability reflected in repeated coups attempts which have impeded social and economic development since independence.
Annex I contains a summary of losses of United Nations property, by cause of loss, specifying quantity, inventory value and residual value.
3. Promoting actions leading to cooperation and coordination
ENGLISH ORIGINAL: SPANISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
In fact, these arrears constitute a form of de facto rescheduling which could end in default.
The report, entitled “Mapping progress”, contained information collected from Governments and non-governmental organizations in 90 countries and analysed successes and setbacks in addressing the 12 critical areas of concern of the Beijing Platform for Action, with special emphasis on the impact of macroeconomic policies on women’s rights to employment, health and education.
PALESTINIAN PEOPLE IN THE OCCUPIED PALESTINIAN TERRITORY, INCLUDING JERUSALEM, AND OF THE ARAB POPULATION IN THE OCCUPIED
39. The conversion of 58 gratis positions is requested for the Field Administration and Logistics Division of the Department, in addition to the eight new posts for the Electronic Services Section of the Division referred to in paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
Guided by the purposes and principles set forth in the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Resolution 217 A (III). and the other relevant international human rights instruments,
The exhibition will be displayed at the Public Lobby of the General Assembly Building until Sunday, 7 December 1997.
This was mainly achieved by a decrease in staff and other personnel costs ($542,606 in 1997, compared with $760,020 in 1996), resulting from staff reductions and the transfer of staff costs to Special Purpose Grants Fund projects financed by donor contributions.
49/7 Implementation of decisions of the General Assembly on the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, including Agenda 21, in Asia and the Pacific
62. The official policy of the Ministry of Labour and Social Security embodies several of the labour principles set forth in the Peace Agreements: creation of fairly paid jobs, reorientation of labour relations towards consultation and collective bargaining, the necessary changes in labour legislation to promote the enforcement of labour law, decentralization and expansion of labour inspection services and special attention to women’s employment.
1. (a) This Convention shall apply exclusively to acts by natural persons (in an individual capacity or on behalf of one or more other natural or legal persons), and its scope shall not include acts of States and international intergovernmental organizations;
What could be the exceptions permitted, on grounds such as national security or cultural concerns?
Because of their voluntary character, however, contributions may not always be made to the extent and at the time we would wish them to be.
“7. Calls upon all States to redouble their efforts to prevent proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, inter alia, nuclear weapons, confirming and strengthening, if necessary, their policies not to export equipment, materials or technology that could contribute to those weapons;
Integration into a process of virtuous globalization would make it possible to use the necessary processes of industrial, productive and financial delocation and a multipolar system of trade with advantages for the peripheral countries.
The estimate was calculated on the basis of a usage factor of 10 per cent of the total value of equipment and relates to the deployment of contingent-owned equipment for four infantry companies, one medical support unit, one signal company and one logistics company.
Countries vary in their ability to collect information on the drug abuse situation.
Expenditure for the period from 1 December 1995 to 30 June 1996 as at 30 June 1996
37. The Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-third session adopted decision 1997/105 of 3 April 1997, entitled “Effective implementation of international instruments on human rights, including reporting obligations under international instruments on human rights”.
Criteria for qualifying for assistance included the existence of an economically viable product, the use of environmentally sound technologies, and the participation of women in the projects.
The depreciated value of the greeting card and related operations capital assets is $1,164,000.
4. Consideration of proposals for enhancing the mechanisms of cooperation between the United Nations system and OIC and its institutions.
It was proposed at the thirty-ninth session of the Commission that the first meeting of its fortieth session should be devoted exclusively to organizational matters.
Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara and the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan
It will not duplicate or detract from the range of variously-funded activities being undertaken or planned both within the Office and with the social partners of ILO at the national, regional and international levels to promote equality of opportunity and treatment in the world of work, but will work in tandem with and enhance those activities.
12. The representative of the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) raised the question as to whether Africa is destined to remain underprivileged in the area of telecommunications too.
A greater effort at enhancing the utilization of GSP by economic operators, in particular through better information dissemination and sensitization, is therefore needed.
DG-IV considers that the dissemination of information is of major importance at this stage of development.
(a) Cooperation between neighbouring security, police and customs organizations, including the assistance of National Contact Centres of the International Criminal Police Organization (INTERPOL);
New Caledonia ) A/53/23 (Part V), chapter IX
They pointed out, however, that this was mainly because these conventions were not well understood by many land-locked and transit developing countries and that the benefits that would accrue to such countries through their adoption were also not clear.
Objective 1: To ensure an effective, efficient and systematic management of expenditures.
61. Growing inequality in a context of accelerated economic growth is becoming the principal problem of "governability" in the countries of Latin America.
Replace General Assembly resolution 50/30 with 51/136 and 51/218
Training in this area would be highly beneficial for enterprises that are seeking to expand their trade horizons, as well as for government officials assisting them;
Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development
“Consideration of the Review of the International Convention for the Unification of Certain Rules Relating to the Arrest of Sea-going Ships, 1952 - note by the secretariats of UNCTAD and IMO” (JIGE(IX)/2—TD/B/IGE.1/2-LEG/MLM/39);
While each organization should decide on the optimum use of available managerial resources, including the extent to which special attention may be given to increasing outsourcing, appropriate attention will be given to exploring possibilities for joint and coordinated actions among the various United Nations organizations.
The Agenda for Action adopted in Oslo has led to the preparation of country- and region-specific plans of action and greater collaboration between the International Labour Organization (ILO), UNICEF, the World Bank and a number of international non-governmental organizations (NGOs) for strengthening national capacities to monitor and analyse the situation with a view to developing strategies for the eradication of child labour.
Similarly, IDB, the World Bank and IMF have developed a new approach4 based on the linkage between economic growth and social development, along four axes: (a) full involvement of rural and indigenous communities; (b) broader coverage of basic social services; (c) modernization of state and public institutions; and (d) development of the environment and private sector.
8. It shall comprise twenty-four independent experts with a good mix of expertise, who are to be drawn from the fields of economic development, social development and environmental protection, in order to avoid the need to engage the assistance of consultants and so as to reflect an adequate geographical and gender balance.
The Human Rights Committee, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women recognize their critical role in increasing the understanding of gender factors in the enjoyment of human rights.
As part of its efforts to establish an effective conflict-prevention mechanism and, in addition, with a view to promoting the culture of peace throughout the West African community, the Executive Secretariat is planning to organize a regional forum on the theme “Conflict management and resolution: the role of ECOWAS”. Council of Europe
On 17 November: Mr. van der Stoel (Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Iraq), Mr. Copithorne (Special Representative of the Commission on Human Rights on the Situation of Human Rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran), and Mr. Pinheiro (Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Burundi).
In the course of the ensuing discussion, interventions were made and questions raised by the representatives of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union) and Sweden.
(d) To ensure that the treatment of prisoners and their conditions of detention are in accordance with recognized international standards;
The United Nations was founded to reaffirm faith in the dignity and worth of the human person, and to create better standards of life in larger freedom.
The Republic of Tajikistan has once again expressed support for the initiative of the Kyrgyz Republic to convene a peace conference on Afghanistan in Bishkek,
If I remember the figure accurately, Mr. Sanjaya Lall said that movements of foreign direct investment constitute some 5 per cent of total savings.
7. Developed country Parties shall report on measures taken to assist in the preparation and implementation of action programmes, including information on the financial resources they have provided, or are providing, under the Convention.
Consequently, it claims that it incurred substantial operating expenses for its temporary embassy in Abu Dhabi during the period of the occupation of Kuwait.
Major equipment usage (Working Group report, para. 77)
The Committee notes that 16 reclassifications have been requested for the Registry for 1999, as compared to 9 requested in 1998 (A/C.5/52/4, table 10).
Informal consultations on draft proposal A/C.2/52/L.29 (item 98 (g))
Advisers Mr. Sotos Zackheos, Ambassador, Permanent Representative to the United Nations
Liquid waste and camp maintenance Mortuary service Laundry
4. Invites the relevant specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue, within their respective spheres of competence, to extend assistance for higher education to Palestine refugee students;
∙ Ensure that outstanding commercial claims are processed prior to final withdrawal of senior staff from field
As noted by the Office of Internal Oversight Services, a significant weakness in control was that UNCTAD did not issue allotments for its technical cooperation project budgets and, as a result, there was no authorized expenditure limit to which the approving officer could refer.
1. In its resolution 52/64 of 10 December 1997, the General Assembly:
Since its birth, the United Nations has worked towards the goal of eradicating torture.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
The total amount of these claims was approximately $50 million.
317. The Committee recommends that, as a high priority, further measures be taken to prevent and combat discrimination, especially on the grounds of gender and ethnic origin, and differential access to services between the rural and urban population.
"Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the Force,
18. The Economic and Social Council should encourage the exchange of information and cooperation between the regional commissions and the Bretton Woods institutions and the World Trade Organization on issues of common interest.
32. The challenge in support activities over the next few years will be to establish norms and standards and performance indicators that can provide an analytical basis for performance monitoring and assessments.
Requirements for aviation fuel have been calculated at $136,100, based on fuel consumption of 825 litres at $0.29 per litre plus the cost of lubricants at 10 per cent of fuel costs ($13,600).
1. The preparation, format and content of the medium-term plan and its revisions are governed by the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.
Such unfounded Greek Cypriot charges are aimed at covering up the fact that it has been the Greek Cypriot side that has systematically tried to eradicate the Turkish Muslim heritage of Cyprus, in particular during the ethnic cleansing campaign directed against the Turkish Cypriot people between 1963 and 1974.
Governments were also invited, with the support of the United Nations, to formulate training manuals for law enforcement and medical personnel and judicial officers who handle cases of trafficked women and girls, taking into account current research and materials on traumatic stress and gender-sensitive counselling techniques.
The General Assembly has since introduced the outline, which requires the Secretary-General to provide a preliminary estimate of resources in off-budget years (see regulation 3.2).
38. Since the beginning of 1998, the pace of genocide trials has slowed down considerably in comparison with the previous year.
Future work in this area must be done by an expert meeting, and it must be compared with other possible topics.
On the second issue, OIOS believes that the Executive Committee should have the existing rate for single staff aligned with that prevailing for the same group of staff in the rest of the Secretariat.
Today, much more so than in the past, global affairs are shaped not only by Governments but also by other influential actors, such as non-governmental organizations, media, think-tanks, foundations, educational institutions and the business community.
The Advisory Committee questions the rather limited results of the review.
Accordingly, the review mechanism enables the regular collective appreciation and evaluation of the full range of individual Members’ trade policies and practices and their impact on the functioning of the multilateral trading system.
Documentation distrib-uted daily to delegations in accordance with stated require-ments will be available for pick-up at the delegations' pick-up area located at the service entrance to the North Lawn complex from 7.30 a.m to 9.30 a.m. on weekdays.
UNFPA had received audit reports to cover nearly 70 per cent of national execution projects and has made significant progress in following up reports outstanding from previous bienniums.
Article 9: The functioning of the General Secretariat
(ii) The creation of conditions that will enable developing countries and their media, public, private or other, to have, by using their national and regional resources, the communication technology suited to their national needs, as well as the necessary programme material, especially for radio and television broadcasting;
57. Ms. Palley expressed the wish that the Sub-Commission would consider the draft declaration prepared by Mr. Chernichenko, and stated that it was unfortunate that no resources were available for the Sub-Commission to undertake longer studies or papers.
At 0730 hours occupation forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at Mansuri, Majdal Zun and Mazra`at Buyut al-Siyad from their positions at Tall Ya`qub.
Pakistan opposes outside interference in the internal affairs of Afghanistan and, in this context, had proposed the imposition of a verifiable arms embargo.
6.6.3.2.7 Portable tanks shall be designed to withstand, without loss of contents, at least the internal pressure due to the contents, and the static, dynamic and thermal loads during normal conditions of handling and transport.
The travel authorization had been declined by the United States Mission on the basis that the journey was unrelated to official functions of the Cuban Mission.
ESCWA and the Arab Monetary Fund (AMF) co-sponsored a workshop on the theme “Implementation of the 1993 System of National Accounts” (Abu Dhabi, 7–17 June 1997).
The secretariat may be asked to present technical data and various options and their implications and any other information/documents which the Commission may require to enable the Commission to take a decision on the basis of all material, including the views of the staff associations and CCAQ
Although the Fund had made efforts to recover these amounts from member States, it believed that the amount of $4.2 million was uncollectible and was considering taking steps to write the amount off.
The session also included a segment on “Partners for Development” at which the Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs read out a statement on behalf of the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
D. Number of units sold in West Bank settlements: 1,560
46. As a structural underpinning to facilitate career development and expedite mobility, the linking of grades is under review.
At the conclusion of the first three-month period, a progress review should be conducted to evaluate the economic, technical and operational feasibility of the prospective system.
I urged the leaders of African countries that have been afflicted by cycles of conflict and lack of development to create a positive environment for investment by, among other measures, adopting the practices of good governance and instituting economic reforms.
This constellation will be put into operation in the year 2001.
It was suggested to delete the reference to non-proliferation, as well as to nuclear threats.
The Committee is also concerned that alternative measures to institutionalization, as well as article 25 of the Convention, recognizing the right to periodic review of placement, are not sufficiently taken into consideration.
355. On 10 February, hundreds of Golan Heights Druse demonstrated in Majdal Shams in support of Iraq and President Saddam Hussein.
The Ministerial Council commended the international consensus on the need for the peace process to proceed on the basis of the relevant United Nations resolutions and the principle of land for peace, in accordance with Security Council resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973) and the terms of reference of the Madrid Conference.
“1. Stresses the need to accelerate the full implementation of Agenda 21 and the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21;
In addition to the views expressed on that occasion, some ministers communicated views and comments to the President in writing.
One country (Belize) changed its status from unrepresented to under-represented as a result of promotion through the competitive examination.
At its next meeting, the Investments Committee would further discuss the issues raised, in order to promote transparency.
The Committee shall not in any way duplicate activities performed by other Convention bodies.
32. Specific control objectives are to be identified or developed for each ministry/department/agency activity and are to be appropriate, comprehensive, reasonable and integrated into the overall organizational objectives.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
Most SMEs see environmental legislation as the main motivation for taking environmental measures.
4. Reiterates the need for speedy implementation of the recommendation contained in its resolutions ES–10/3 of 15 July 1997, ES–10/4 of 13 November 1997 and ES–10/5 of 17 March 1998 with regard to the convening of a conference of the High Contracting Parties to the Convention on measures to enforce the Convention in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and to ensure its respect in accordance with common article 1;
The documents were introduced by representatives of the WMO, who also provided an oral report on the status of the Global Climate Observing System.
Two rapid assessments in Africa were started in 1997 and are still ongoing.
6. The participation of members in communications is partly covered by rule 84.
Activities of consumer cooperatives are governed by the Consumers’ Livelihood Cooperative Society Law of 1948, which is regulated by the Ministry of Health and Welfare.
The concentration of the active substance tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) varies widely, depending on the part of the plant used and where it is grown.
Noting with appreciation the continued efforts being expended by countries of asylum in accommodating refugees,
The reports of the Committee on UNTAES is contained in document A/52/859.
The present report demonstrates the capabilities and experiences of Thailand in the area of remote sensing in the space programme that fall mainly under the responsibility of the National Research Council of Thailand, Ministry of Science, Technology and Environment.
2. The Board recommends that UNDP establish clear separation of duties between requisitioning, receipt of goods and maintenance of inventory records (para. 36).
Moreover, since the benefits of competition have been estimated mainly for countries which already have relatively open economies and competition policies, it is likely that other countries might have relatively more to gain from adopting and enforcing competition policies; by the same token, however, they might have relatively more adjustment losses.
Through its bilateral and multilateral partners, it has continued to facilitate the provision of financial and technical support to Parties for implementation of the Convention.
55. The UNDP Partners in Development Programme (PDP) has several projects which focus on indigenous people.
Consultations with the Bretton Woods institutions are also envisaged, including through interfacing with the World Bank country assistance strategy.
In 1996, UNDCP provided assistance in law enforcement to China, the Lao People's Democratic Republic, Myanmar and Thailand to enhance the capacity of their competent agencies to interdict and seize narcotic drugs, especially in border areas.
15. Noting deficiencies in contract management at United Nations Headquarters on major maintenance contracts, the Board recommended that all major maintenance works be planned sufficiently in advance in order to avoid exigency contracts and to allow adequate time for the approval process and to obtain competitive bids.
(a) Review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD
The competence of the Tribunal extends to the secretariats of the associated programmes that are financed from voluntary contributions, such as the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Population Fund, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East.
It was further decided that Member States would have the opportunity to make statements during the second segment.
Arrangements made for its functioning under Article 8.3 of the Convention shall apply mutatis mutandis to the Protocol.
Recalling its resolution 52/109 of 12 December 1997, and taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/26 of 17 April 1998, See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect. A.
The Convention provides a framework of principles for monitoring law, policy and practice in respect of disabled children.
- Currently, the priority directions for integration are cooperation in agro-industry, the water and energy supply sector, transportation, production cooperation and payments and accounting relations;
1997 At the special meeting of the Committee on Juridical and Political Affairs of OAS on the evaluation and improvement of the Inter-American Human Rights System.
(c) Letter dated 14 October 1998 from the Acting President of the General Assembly to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee transmitting a letter dated 12 October 1998 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Congo to the United Nations (A/C.5/53/24); A/53/464/Add.2
Mine-clearance records are also now being provided by mine-clearance companies.
There will be a police contributors meeting on the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti (UNTMIH) today, 6 November 1997, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 9.
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia has fully complied with the provisions of Security Council resolutions 1160 (1998) and 1199 (1998) and is fully committed to solving all problems in Kosovo and Metohija by political means and through dialogue.
JHPIEGO’s programme of international education and training in reproductive health is currently strengthening training capacity in Indonesia, Morocco and Uganda through the development of reference manuals and the training of trainers to provide higher quality services and reduce both morbidity and mortality.
11. Governments, NGOs, IGOs and the United Nations system should promote inter-cultural understanding through workshops, seminars, exchange programmes and youth camps, with an adequate evaluation process to ensure that all cultures, and specifically indigenous young people, are fully recognized, respected and valued in society.
They urged all relevant organizations to take additional steps to enhance the complementarity among their reporting systems so that the burden on Governments to provide information in different formats is reduced.
63. Lastly, the ILO area office for Central America is supporting various activities of the OAS Inter-American Institute of Human Rights and of the Inter-American Institute for Cooperation in Agriculture, a regional agency affiliated with OAS.
Moreover, at its substantive session of 1997, the Committee on Conferences requested its Chairman to write to the chairmen of those bodies entitled to written meeting records who had not yet responded to his previous letter, to remind them of the invitation to consider requesting the Secretariat to issue unedited transcripts of one meeting for comparison purposes, with a view to the possible substitution of such transcripts for their usual records in the future.
278. The Committee recommends that appropriate political and legislative measures be taken to bring legislation into conformity with the Convention and other relevant international norms.
This announcement has given a strong signal to the international community of the benefits accruing from close cooperation and pursuing common objectives.
(e) Paragraph 7A.49 (c) (ii) The last phrase of the paragraph should read: and substantive servicing of 10 meetings, in accordance with relevant decisions and resolutions of the Commission for Social Development, as endorsed by the Economic and Social Council, and the decisions and resolutions of the Council and the General Assembly;
Members of delegations, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend. Roundtable
It may be more appropriate to have a single standard but at the same time introduce national support systems to assist the SMEs.
(vi) Item 99 (Commemorative meeting of the twentieth anniversary of the adoption of the Buenos Aires Plan of Action for Promoting and Implementing Technical Cooperation among Developing Countries)
It further welcomes the steps taken to improve the training of law enforcement officers and wardens in detention centres, as well as the agreements between the Ministry of the Interior and the universities in order to improve police training.
They also distribute copies to media and non-governmental organizations and at special events such as the annual celebration of Human Rights Day and activities to mark the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Enhanced performance indicators for effectiveness have been developed and are being refined.
26 See proposal submitted by France and the United Kingdom, document NAV 44/3/2.
Nevertheless, the sharing of information and intelligence on such existing links was not effective, making proper analysis difficult.
The rate of return, however, is still well below the expectations of the international community, with authorities continuing to impose significant obstacles.
Status of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (1999)
National Action Programmes (NAPs), and their regional and subregional complements, are perceived by IFAD as a dynamic and ongoing process of policy, institutional and technological adaptation combined with investment to better address the needs of dryland areas and their populations.
6.6.4.14.1 For portable tanks meeting the definition of container in the CSC, a prototype representing each design shall be subjected to an impact test.
Recalling also that in its preamble the Treaty of Tlatelolco states that military denuclearized zones are not an end in themselves but rather a means for achieving general and complete disarmament at a later stage,
Political will is essential but not sufficient to achieve the goals of the Summit.
The pattern of contribution shows a steady increase in emphasis on earmarked projects.
8. Roster of independent experts and creation, if necessary, of ad hoc panel(s)
2. Encourages each treaty body to give careful consideration to the relevant conclusions and recommendations contained in the report of the persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies;
The independent experts have stressed the need to improve telecommunications between Headquarters and the offices away from Headquarters.
7. At the end of 1997, unpaid assessments, for both the regular budget and peacekeeping, stood at $2.0 billion, down from $2.1 billion at year-end 1996 and down from $2.3 billion at the end of 1995.
In cooperation with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) the Department co-sponsored several exhibits for the special session of the General Assembly on the world drug problem.
Parties that made HFC projections for 2000 expect a considerable growth, while PFC projections show a decreasing trend.
23. The UNOCHA Mine Action Programme for Afghanistan (MAPA) is part of a more comprehensive system response to facilitate other endeavours in relief, rehabilitation, and development work in Afghanistan.
This enabled the Mission to appoint one Senior Political Affairs Officer, one Legal Officer, one Special Assistant/Public Information Officer and two secretaries, as well as meet a technical requirement of one Field Service Officer to assume the duties of Supervisor of the Radio Stores and Inventory Unit.
28. The Executive Director recommends the approval of the revised estimates for 1996-1997 and 1998-1999, as shown in tables 2A, 3A, 5A and 6A of the current report.
Item 20. The question of the exercise by the Palestinian people of its inalienable rights.
In decision 7, paragraph 34(c), the Governing Council considered that “any loss suffered as a result of ... [a]ctions by officials, employees or agents of the Government of Iraq or its controlled entities during that period in connection with the invasion and occupation” are compensable.
63. In the ANR and DEMIAP detention centres, even in Kinshasa, men and women are held in the same facility, along with children, such as the detained Mai-Mai children.
The Assembly also recommended that the Commission on Human Rights, drawing on the results of the review, consider the convening of a second workshop.
Procedures for the establishment of ad hoc panels
Therefore, given the potential spread of drift-net fishing to other fleets in the region, it called upon all parties concerned to agree on such a ban through the two competent fisheries management organizations, namely GFCM and the International Commission for the Conservation of Atlantic Tunas (ICCAT).
4. At its eighteenth session, by resolution 1970 (XVIII) of 16 December 1963, the General Assembly decided to dissolve the Committee on Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories and requested the Special Committee to study the information transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations.
Official physicians do not report injuries sustained by detainees during police interrogations, even when those injuries are obvious, and do not provide adequate medical treatment.
Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development
Some delegations observed that the principle of international solidarity and burden-sharing provides an opportunity to recognize and appreciate the various roles, needs and capacities of all such parties.
- by ensuring that regular budget activities contribute directly and indirectly to practical development needs.
426. The Committee recommends that all states of Mexico should review their legislation so that, where necessary, women are granted access to rapid and easy abortion.
The Office informed the Board that it is designing new personnel management database systems which can be used for strategic planning and monitoring purposes.
The Committee is of the view that the functions of the posts in the Section should be more clearly defined, streamlined and integrated.
New dwellings begun in settlements: 4,500-5,000
Report of the Secretary-General on strengthening the role of the United Nations in enhancing the effectiveness of the principle of periodic and genuine elections and the promotion of democratization (resolution 52/129)
29. It is widely believed that the armed groups comprise interahamwe militia, elements of the former army (Forces armées rwandaises) and possibly recruits from the former Zairian army.
The Committee was informed that, for the 1999 budget presentation, performance indicators were collected by programme managers of various organizational units; however, there was no indication whether they had been monitored and checked for accuracy and consistency.
The page limits set for documents pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 50/11 and 50/206 are followed by the UNICEF secretariat.
However, due to the diversity of funding sources and mechanisms, the magnitude of the needs to be met and the range of actions at various levels requiring support, the Global Mechanism and the organization hosting it, would be faced with a very challenging task.
Possible criteria for initiating an urgent procedure could include a serious, massive or persistent pattern of racial discrimination; or a serious situation in which there is a risk of further racial discrimination.
Furthermore, his Group believed that UNCTAD provided the most appropriate forum for dealing with the issue of competition law and policies.
In view of the linkage between the Financial Regulations and Rules of UNDP and those of the Office, the latter has deferred the finalization of its revision until UNDP has completed its work.
14/COP.1 Relations with the Global Environment Facility49
The total recommended appropriation for UNPF for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 was therefore $50,247,200 gross.
Fax modem Master terminal Micronet message switch Multiplex channels
We support urgent steps by the international community, especially the United Nations, to calm the situation in the area and help the restoration of peace in Afghanistan. English
16. With a reduction in the level of volcanic activity in recent months, the uncertainties engendered by the eruptions have eased to a certain extent.
While that amount included cases of losses as a result of accidental damage and wear and tear, it also included $11.6 million in stolen items, $5.0 million in items reported as lost and a further $10.2 million in items that could not be located by account holders.
29. As one of the most representative components of civil society, trade unions are among the forces striving to achieve greater respect for human rights and social justice, promoting the values of solidarity and protecting the weakest members of society.
The participants' representatives requested the establishment of a working group; others felt that the consultative process followed this year had worked well and should be continued, while leaving open the possibility of a group meeting just before the Standing Committee convenes.
8. Invites States parties, when reporting to the Committee on the Rights of the Child on the implementation of article 7 of the Convention, to provide information, in accordance with the reporting guidelines of the Committee, on their levels of birth registration and other relevant data in this regard;
7(a) Specific actions related to the particular needs and problems of land-locked developing countries
They were also shackled during family visits.
The need to involve private creditors more fully in sharing the burden involved in such crises has recently been voiced in the report of the G-8 finance ministers to heads of State for the Birmingham summit in May 1998, by the IMF Managing Director and by the United States Treasury Secretary.
In the absence of such a clear identification of TCDC and ECDC components of programme and project budgets, in some cases there has been a tendency to count the total budget of programmes and projects as a TCDC or ECDC activity even though TCDC and ECDC feature as only a part of such activities.
Convinced that civil society, including non-governmental organizations, can make an effective contribution to and should play an active role in addressing the world drug problem,
Paragraph Page IV. FINANCIAL MECHANISM: REVIEW PROCESS REFERRED TO IN DECISION 9/CP.1 14 - 15 8
(iii) Revenue derived from the Staff Assessment Plan;
11. Recommendation 3 provides that United Nations system internal and external oversight mechanisms should include in their reports a description of good practices identified in the course of their work.
The chairpersons requested their Chairperson to address a letter to the Secretary-General further developing the need for appropriate action, and authorize the Chairperson to follow up on the matter, as appropriate, with the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
One delegation referred to the need to clear cyberspace and satellite broadcasting of violent and “immoral” materials.
In accordance with rule 66 of the rules of procedure, the representatives of the State party were present at the meetings, introduced the report submitted by their Government and replied to questions raised and comments made by members of the Committee.
56. The disclosure called for in paragraphs 51 to 55 will assist users of the information in their assessment of the nature, timing and an enterprise’s commitment of its future financial resources.
76. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights - Pre-sessional Working Group [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39] 17-21 May
Meanwhile, ground stations of remote sensing satellites that have already been set up in the country have provided the relevant departments and local governments with a large amount of data for remote sensing applications.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the related report of that Committee (A/52/519).
At 1945 hours the occupation forces fired artillery shells at the outskirts of Sujud and at Jabal Safi and areas along the Tasah Spring.
English Page 14. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina".
Letter dated 7 August 1998 from the Secretary-General
The governing party won the elections in keeping with the polls and, except for criticisms directed at the President for mixing government and party interests, the electoral process can be summarized as having been peaceful.
Recalling the long-standing determination of the international community to achieve the effective prohibition of the development, production, stockpiling and use of chemical and biological weapons as well as the continuing support for measures to uphold the authority of the Protocol for the Prohibition of the Use in War of Asphyxiating, Poisonous or Other Gases, and of Bacteriological Methods of Warfare, signed at Geneva on 17 June 1925, League of Nations, Treaty Series, vol.
The United Nations could play a substantive role in this by developing relevant guidelines, by including, where appropriate, disarmament and demobilization tasks and components in the mandates of its peacekeeping operations and by assisting in the establishment of logistic facilities;
The members of the Council of the Republic of the National Assembly of the Republic of Belarus are convinced that the use of military force by the North Atlantic Treaty Organization will only make the situation worse, destroy the prospects for peace talks and lead to a marked deterioration of the situation in the Balkans and the regions adjacent to Kosovo.
Despite the effort made by the Secretariat, there were numerous inconsistencies in the report itself between data in the summary tables and data in the specific tables, including misleading narratives.
In many of these cases there has been no change since the previous report.
17. The Economic and Social Council should maintain its oversight and coordination role to ensure that decisions taken by the intergovernmental bodies of the regional commissions and the United Nations funds and programmes are complementary and mutually supportive.
2. At the suggestion of the Secretary-General in paragraph 3 of his memorandum (A/BUR/53/1), the General Committee draws the attention of the General Assembly to the provisions reproduced in annexes V, VI, VII and VIII to its rules of procedure.
The legislative assistance typically included advice on laws and legal infrastructure needed, training national drafters, preparing first drafts to speed up the legislative process and advocacy to secure adequate political commitment for adoption and application of the new laws.
Over the last 10 years or so, increasing attention has been devoted to trade in telecommunications services, especially in the GATT/WTO context.
16. The High Commissioner regrets that her Office and the Government of Rwanda were unable to reach a new agreement, considering the pivotal role that a new presence of the Office could have played in further strengthening national capacities for the promotion and protection of human rights, and pending the effective functioning of the National Human Rights Commission.
Other settlers noted that neither Yitzhak Rabin nor Shimon Peres had made comments like Barak’s when they were Prime Ministers.
The point was made that the proposal by the Secretary-General seemed to indicate that Member States had already agreed to retain the Council, while in reality there were divergent views on the matter.
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel
65. The National Human Rights Commission has continued to undertake activities to promote and protect human rights despite its limited resources and independence.
Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
(k) Appointment of a member of the United Nations Staff Pension Committee.
Although all committees had come to insist on that approach, it was not provided for in the text of the treaties, nor was it envisaged at the time of drafting of the earlier treaties.
8. The Commission was appreciative of the fact that international non-governmental organizations that had expertise regarding the major items on the agenda of the current session had accepted the invitation to take part in the meetings.
4. To favour the establishment of direct links between relevant institutions and organizations in the spheres of culture, education, health and social services, scientific research and technological development, information technology, and also between representatives of the civil society and the non-governmental organizations.
The actions and the statements made by the Prime Minister in this regard are absolutely unacceptable, they have no legal validity and they do not and cannot change the status of the occupied territory.
12. I have been in contact with representatives of the different groups and with individual members and intend to continue to remain so.
Freight is provided for at 15 per cent of the cost of the equipment;
20. Some countries in Asia had shown that the commodity sector could be a basis for the diversification and structural transformation of the economy.
III. Recommendation of the Second Committee
“(c) Subjecting resort to anti-dumping duties, countervailing duties, phytosanitary and technical standards to increased multilateral surveillance, so that they respect and are consistent with multilateral rules and obligations and are not used for protectionist purposes;
10. Statement IV gives the status of expenditure against the approved budget for the year ended 31 December 1997.
The largest payment so far was the NIS 3 million paid to the family of a girl who had suffered a severe head injury that had left her in a vegetative state.
As a result, positive developments in legislation and policies are blocked by a lack of cooperation on the State and local levels.
65. The business plan for 1996 aimed to update and increase effective utilization of information systems resources, including the Office’s conversion to IMIS, with the expected benefit of providing better systems integration with the United Nations.
(a) The assessment on Member States of the amount of $32,562,900 gross ($25,691,600 net) already appropriated by the General Assembly in its resolution 48/255, to be offset by an equal amount from interest and miscellaneous income in accordance with paragraph 9 of resolution 48/255;
- Contribute to the expansion of world trade on a multilateral, non-discriminatory basis, in accordance with international obligations.
The Committee began its consideration of this agenda item and heard a statement by the Chairman of the Committee on Conferences who introduced the report of that Committee (A/52/32 and Add.1)
5 Ibid., Forty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 30 (A/44/30), vol. II, para. 152.
Several speakers emphasized the central role that radio played in developing countries as the most accessible medium to their peoples, and in that connection pointed to the need to strengthen the Department’s radio services.
The bulk of the assistance has been focused on the development of transit infrastructure.
Core professional positions at INSTRAW were vacant for long periods, resulting in only two junior professionals remaining at the Institute in Santo Domingo, besides the Acting Director.
(c) To limit their requests for numbers of hard copies of documents;
Discussions could also touch on the respective roles of the enterprise sector in agriculture and industry, economic and social infrastructure, finance and investment, and institutional support in strengthening and accelerating diversification efforts.
“(d) The early entry into force of START II and the early commencement and conclusion of negotiations for START III by the Russian Federation and the United States of America;
20. Over the past two years, a great deal of progress has been made in the implementation of the Programme of Action, particularly in the areas of building institutional frameworks, broadening partnerships between international organizations active in the countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States and their Governments, and developing civil society, especially enhancing the capacities and skills of emerging local non-governmental organizations.
9. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.2/53/L.45 (see para. 11).
(i) other generators in the package will not be actuated;
B. United Nations role in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
On the basis of the outcome of the Consultative Meeting, the participants noted the following:
13. Emphasizes the need to ensure adequate financing and staff support for the effective functioning of the Committee, including for the dissemination of information;
Any outstanding issues from the subsidiary bodies will be referred to the plenary for consideration.
33. Furthermore, the chairpersons noted the many advantages that would accrue if the treaty bodies were able to meet on an exceptional and occasional basis at the various United Nations regional offices.
The Chairman, on behalf of the Committee, extended his deepest sympathy to the Government and to the people of Mexico for the tragic loss of lives and extensive material damage which had resulted from the recent floods.
These forces are present but are still quite weak and in constant danger: nationalistic and authoritarian tendencies are still too strong.
5. At its first meeting, on 26 November 1997, Ambassador Wilhelm Breitenstein (Finland) and Ambassador Asda Jayanama (Thailand) were reappointed as Vice-Chairmen of the Working Group.
Many also believed that, in elaborating and implementing the reform proposals for the reorientation of the Department, the Secretary-General should fully take into account the views of Member States.
As has been discussed and analysed in this section, the techniques of molecular biology can be useful tools in monitoring compliance with international regimes, detecting illicit BW development and in attempts to quickly determine the aetiology of disease outbreaks.
Between 0230 and 0730 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at the outskirts of Luwayzah and Mlikh and at Jabal Sujud.
Citizens will have increased access to legal advice and assistance through the creation of a prototypical and replicable legal aid society.
Expressing concern that these technologies and means can potentially be used for purposes that are inconsistent with the objectives of maintaining international stability and security and may adversely affect the security of States,
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES
This complementarity provided considerable scope for cooperation between the two organizations, e.g. in the area of strengthening trade points and TRAINFORTRADE operations.
Report of the Secretary-General on the revised estimates in respect of matters of which the Security Council is seized (A/C.5/52/24)
34. The original concept of cooperatives took root in the majority of the countries of Africa, Asia and Latin America at the beginning of the twentieth century.
Considerable efforts were made during the review period to rehabilitate the capacity of public services institutions (particularly electricity and telephone) and to evaluate and consider alternatives for their institutional development, including options for the introduction of private sector management and privatization.
67. Bank relations with OAS will continue to strengthen and intensify as a result of the second Summit of the Americas, held in April 1998 in Santiago.
73. The Committee further recommends the elaboration of adequate family-planning programmes, with the help of the United Nations Population Fund, so as to avoid the use of abortion as a means of family planning and thereby diminish the risks of maternal mortality resulting from unsafe abortions.
The budget covers two levels: national and subregional.
176. ECLAC enjoys the confidence and trust of its member Governments who make good use of the institution, but generally refrain from trying to micro-manage it.
Jean Daniel, Director of the weekly Nouvel Observateur, translated in El País, 30 May 1997.
35 See A. Adenikinju and S. Olofin, “Economic policy and manufacturing sector growth performance in Africa”, University of Ibadan, Ibadan, Nigeria, 1998.
Globally, ODA has fallen to just 0.25 per cent of gross domestic product in 1996 – the lowest level since foreign aid was institutionalized with the Marshall Plan about 50 years ago.
The president of the International Narcotics Control Board introduced the paper on measures to promote judicial cooperation.
Somehow two sets of values must be brought into a degree of balance reflecting the rights of the individual on the one hand, and the rights of society and the State on the other.
Agenda item 3 - Diversification in commodity-dependent countries
196. The report was submitted in accordance with the decision taken by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its twenty-second session to review the implementation of its recommendations three years after taking decisions on an in-depth evaluation.
73. The declaration must be concise, since it is to be a statement of principle, but it must also be more detailed than the provisions of the draft articles on State responsibility cited above concerning gross and massive violations of human rights.
It should provide replies to the questions raised during the consideration of the previous report and address all the points raised in the present concluding observations.
List of documents before the Commission (HS/C/16/INF.2) - for information
Reduction in production and transaction costs, as well as considerations of market penetration and market power, are thus key elements in the firm’s decisional matrix.
Bearing in mind that an adequate response to emergency situations can be best ensured through local capacity-building and institution-building,
Taking note of the commitment by the participants at the Summit on Nuclear Safety and Security, held in Moscow on 19 and 20 April 1996, to ban the dumping at sea of radioactive wastes, A/51/131, annex I, para. 20.
The Committee believes that strengthening cooperation and coordination with the Department will help to enhance the special information programme on the question of Palestine and assist the Committee in the implementation of its mandate.
This will enable voters to define their political sympathies more accurately, afford citizens an opportunity of participating fully in the political process, bring representatives of the political parties into the new composition of the Majlis and educate parliamentary leaders.
58. The International Decade of the World’s Indigenous Peoples (1994–2003) offers a framework for programmes and activities to improve the conditions of indigenous peoples in such areas as health, education, development and human rights (see E/CN.4/1998/107). These include an indigenous fellowship programme, small grants for indigenous organizations and a series of workshops on indigenous issues.
Proceeding from such responsibility for peace and stability in the region, as well as from the interest of the truth, I would like to draw your attention to certain parts of Dr. Granic’s statement which present a distorted picture of the situation.
In this context, one of UNESCO’s most important lines of action was to support the design and delivery of integrated policies and programmes, especially in the field of education and training, aimed at empowering individuals and communities through a participatory approach.
The Centre at Sana’a, Amnesty International and the Embassy of the Netherlands sponsored a workshop on human rights, for kindergarten teachers in Yemen.
This new set-up will increase the efficacy of project execution through a strengthened commitment by the Participating States to take the lead in their implementation.
At 1600 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired several shells at outlying areas of Majdal Zun and Mansuri.
In general, the description of the assumptions and approaches used to project the emissions of other GHGs has also improved.
The Committee also notes the supplementary information provided by the delegation during and following the consideration of the report.
In some cases, such as Belgium, the Netherlands and Switzerland, one of these scenarios corresponded to “implemented measures” and the other, with more substantial emission reductions, to measures “under consideration”.
Moreover, the Republic of Croatia is not in possession of any of the weapons mentioned in resolution 1996/16.
It therefore seemed of little import for the Board to note that between 1994 and 1996, the ICSC secretariat neither followed up nor enabled ICSC to monitor and report on the status of women in the common system.
The Committee is also charged with proposing structural responses to improve the functioning of the administration of justice.
The Administration explained that although it had encouraged Member States to contribute to the trust fund, donor countries had not shown any further interest.
Experience elsewhere has demonstrated the importance of strong managerial support and linkages to other human resources systems, including consequences for different levels of performance.
These considerations are fully applicable to situations constituting gross and massive violations of human rights perpetrated on the orders of Governments or sanctioned by them.
Violence returned to the country, forcing no less than half a million people to flee and the Governments of the region to refuse to recognize the Government established by the coup.
Third to sixth sessions (New York-Geneva, 1971-1974) of the Special Committee on the Definition of Aggression.
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization —
A total of 533 desktop computers, 200 monitors, 287 printers, 206 laptop computers, 151 uninterrupted-power supply, 40 modems and 21 servers are to be replaced.
Jan Corfee-Morlot, Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development
55. Throughout his visit and in all his discussions, it became clear that one of the most pressing challenges facing Sierra Leone at the present time was the “crisis of the young” – the plight of children affected directly and indirectly by the conflict.
330. The Committee recommends that programmes be undertaken to curb and reverse that trend and, where such programmes exist, it recommends that they should be made more systematic.
Human Rights: A Compilation of International Instruments; Regional Instruments, vol. II (ST/HR/1/Rev.5) (Sales No. E.97.XIV.1)
402. The Committee recommends that, despite the structure of the Federal Government, the constitution and the Convention of Belém do Pará should be implemented throughout the country in order to speed up legal change in all states, and requests the Mexican Government to provide, in its next report, information on the measures it has taken in that regard.
During 1996 and 1997, the design of KOMPSAT was performed in collaboration with the United States spacecraft manufacturer TRW.
Documents before the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice at its sixth session 15 I. OPENING OF THE SESSION
Spare parts, repairs and maintenance (total costs)
7. At the 51st meeting, on 20 November, the Committee had before it a revised draft resolution entitled “Situation of human rights in Rwanda” (A/C.3/53/L.29/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.29.
The Tribunal is studying ways of establishing secure communications with duty stations outside headquarters, of establishing teleconferencing services between Arusha and Kigali, and of establishing a fax transmission system with a switching mechanism for Arusha and Kigali and a permanent satellite link with The Hague.
The general comment is being widely distributed.
54. The Government of Rwanda, with the support of the international community, should continue to strengthen the capacity of the judicial system, particularly taking additional steps to ensure full respect of fair trial guarantees, as required by Rwandan law and article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
Additional requirements under rations take into account the fact that the ceiling man-day rate has decreased from $8.00 to $5.79 as a result of a change of contractor, as well as provision for 24 days composite rations at the daily rate of $9.74 per person.
In addition to the ongoing biodiversity management project, a one-year project for establishing a strategy for safeguarding biodiversity funded by the Global Environment Fund was initiated in 1997.
The Communication, Assessment and Review (CAR) programme has co-ordinated the secretariat’s support to the Subsidiary Body on Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) and the Ad Hoc Group on Article 13 (AG 13).
In that regard, the Committee recommended to the General Assembly that the Secretary-General be requested to submit proposals for consideration by the Committee at its thirty-ninth session on ways in which full implementation as well as the quality of mandated programmes and activities could be ensured and could be better assessed by and reported to Member States.
20. Several representatives observed that the geographical location of their countries rendered them vulnerable to well-organized trafficking networks.
The National Police maintains that it received an anonymous telephone call to its emergency number at 7.10 p.m. on 11 September, telling them where the kidnapping victim was being held.
CCAQ was appreciative of the information provided by the ICSC secretariat, which showed that there could be no logical justification for reducing either the margin or any other entitlements related to expatriation as a result of ongoing service.
Since competition laws and policy represented an extremely multidimensional and complicated issue, more international organizations would be involved in its consideration in the years to come.
Between 1 January and 25 August 1998, terrorist groups from Albania caused 87 border incidents, using firearms in 68 cases.
India’s approach in these negotiations will be to ensure that this treaty emerges as a universal and non-discriminatory treaty, backed by an effective verification mechanism.
In this regard, the Committee suggests that the State party envisage reallocating resources towards fully implementing the Convention.
16. All these elements should, in fact, be sought out and thoroughly explored in order to assess objectively whether (and, eventually, to what extent) international human rights law is moving beyond the traditional dichotomy of individual versus State, beyond the duty of States to respect and ensure the observance of human rights, and towards the creation of obligations applicable also to private individuals and other non—State actors, including liberation movements and terrorist organizations.
39. Report of the Secretary-General pursuant to Security Council resolution 807 (1993) (S/25470 and Add.1).
The Second Meeting took place in Caracas (Venezuela) in November 1996.
An agreement was signed between OAU and Africa Online Ltd. for hosting a World Wide Web site for OAU, which has been in place since June 1998.
The numbers prove the success of the project, reinforcing the commitment of the Office to work for the continuing maintenance, improvement and updating of the Web site.
The strategy has two principal objectives: to increase community knowledge of the threat of mines through public information and to initiate and institutionalize a process of behavioural change through mine-awareness education.
As at 30 June 1998, 164 States were parties to the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961Ibid., vol. 520, No. 7515. or to that Convention as amended by the 1972 Protocol, 157 States were parties to the 1971 Convention and 147 States were parties to the 1988 Convention.
They are further limited by the significant decline in recent years of official development assistance funds, as well as the decline in UNDP core resources.
The ACC requested all organizations to develop and institute separate lines in their respective budgets for security.
40. UNCTAD - Meeting of Experts within the framework of the Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
In paragraph 6 (b), replace the end of the last sentence with: “... should provide information about the main elements of the draft resolutions and/or presidential statements under consideration by the Council;”.
In May 1996, the three missions started procurement action for the supply of rations for 1997, following which the Procurement Division issued requests for proposal on 8 November 1996 requesting a response within 33 days.
of the Azerbaijan Republic to of the Republic of Kazakhstan to
29. As in the past, the United Nations University has played an active substantive role in the subsidiary machinery of ACC, most notably in its subcommittees dealing with nutrition, water resources and women, respectively.
In annex I to resolution 1998/46, the Economic and Social Council decided on the restructuring of the Commission on Science and Technology for Development.
(a) Trade and investment in LDCs: opportunities and constraints in the multilateral trading system 10
D. Agreement on Identity and Rights of Indigenous Peoples
406. The Committee agreed that the secretariat should make the text in CEDAW/C/1998/II/WG.II/WP.2 available to Committee members, along with an annex containing proposals for amendment.
Finally, it is crucial that States seriously consider diverting military spending in favour of programmes that will improve the welfare of children.
Last year, a major readership survey confirmed the importance of United Nations print materials to redisseminators around the world.
11. Report of the Security Council (item 11).
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization —
Chinese diplomatic missions have always worked to protect the interests of overseas Chinese, including the Taiwan compatriots. Their efforts have been highly appreciated by the Taiwan compatriots.
External fittings shall be protected so as to preclude the release of the shell contents upon impact or overturning of the portable tank on its fittings.
The civilian police were also cited as important in ensuring smooth exits from peacekeeping operations.
Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues
The experts highlighted the relevance, inter alia, of nationality and residency requirements, licensing, recognition of qualifications, national health financing policies and portability of insurance.
The general debate on the items was held at the 3rd to 6th meetings, on 5, 7, 9 and 12 October (see A/C.4/53/SR.3–6).
“Having considered the report of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women on its eighteenth and nineteenth sessions, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 38 (A/53/38/Rev.1).
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/52/SR.68/Add.1).
This role will be enhanced with the effective functioning of the National Human Rights Commission.
Welcoming the significant reductions made by some of the other nuclear-weapon States, and encouraging all nuclear-weapon States to consider appropriate measures relating to nuclear disarmament,
Reaffirming its resolutions 43/217 of 21 December 1988 and 52/227 of 31 March 1998,
However, it was noted that not all experiences of public-private partnership had been successful.
In particular, actions may include the production of dedicated energy crops, the increased use of bio-fuels, on-farm energy use of methane, the use of options to reduce enteric fermentation, the use of precision fertilizers application technologies, nitrogen testing kits, and nitrification inhibitors; and
The delays and difficulties encountered in the past were often of an entirely arbitrary nature, both with regard to the granting of permits and honouring them once they had been issued.
Technical and Legal Adviser in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs - four terms: 1964-1965, 1966-1969, 1980-1981 and 1992-1994.
Pressure-relief devices shall operate at pressures determined according to both the properties of the organic peroxide and the construction characteristics of the portable tank.
The non-recurrent and recurrent cost estimates are indicated in columns 5 and 6.
Judges receive the usual subsistence allowance during their stay in Geneva and a fee based on the number of cases dealt with annually.
UNU/INWEH UNU International Network on Water, Environment and Health
This had a further negative effect on the level and quality of the humanitarian programmes delivered by UNRWA.
The United Nations will support you every step of the way, until the day arrives when torture is finally consigned to the darkest spaces of history and historical museums.
3. Substantive and financial support to a Forum on the RAP ($247,400);
The meeting was opened on 29 October 1997 by Mr. J.C. Saigal, Senior Programme Manager of the Division of International Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities (DITC).
If the disciplinary case is to be pursued, written allegations are prepared and served on the staff member who is given an opportunity to reply in writing.
The first set of inter-office vouchers that Headquarters sent to Geneva under the new procedures included a backlog listing all transactions from April 1996 to August 1997, partly resulting from delays in the introduction of IMIS.
All these terrorists were managed from Albania.
The Union and its member States are committed to cooperating with international human rights mechanisms at the global and regional levels.
When a Government itself incites national hatred, we can only fear for the worst.
a Amounts received, but not identified as to purpose, are held as accounts payable until identified, at which time they are recorded appropriately.
1994 In negotiations for the establishment of the Association of Eastern Caribbean States.
The Committee shall [be open ended] [consist of [5] [10] [15] [25] members].
47. The Advisory Committee is of the view that, for the 1999 proposal, as for the 1998 revised estimates, an attempt is being made to cover every eventuality and little effort is made to absorb some of the additional workload and functions.
He requested UNCTAD’s assistance in creating the capability to establish an investor tracking system in Kenya’s investment promotion agency.
Kailash Sethi (India), Customs and Central Excise, Vishakhapatnam
Humanitarian considerations should be kept in mind when imposing sanctions and in the course of their implementation.
492. In its review of copies of the reports received pursuant to paragraph 2 (b) of article 15 of the Convention (see CERD/C/SR.1285 and 1286), members of the Committee paid particular attention, in the light of the principles and objectives of the Convention, to the conditions prevailing in East Timor, Western Sahara and New Caledonia.
17. At the 47th meeting, on 31 July, the representative of Lithuania, on behalf of the Eastern European States, introduced a draft decision (E/1998/L.45) entitled “The issue of the review of the distribution of seats in the Executive Board of the World Food Programme”.
21. Bearing in mind that the resources likely to be available from the Development Account represent a small component of the overall needs of the economic and social sector, projects and activities proposed for financing from the Development Account will be defined within the scope and priorities of the approved medium-term plan and should address major development goals of the Organization.
5. Takes note of the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;2
The working group should include representatives of the Committee, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the United Nations Children's Fund, the Department of Public Information of the United Nations Secretariat, the International Federation of Journalists and non-governmental organizations.
Once the SG.6 form has been authorized by Protocol, permanent/observer missions are requested to pick up the authorized form and deliver it to the delegates before their arrival to Headquarters.
The next session of the International Rubber Council, which would be held in March 1997, would appoint the principal officials of the Organization, namely the Executive Director, the Deputy Executive Director and the Buffer Stock Manager.
These amounts are reflected in the respective performance reports.
(d) The final determination of the total proportionate share due to the proposed WTO pension plan would be made in April/May 1999, based on final end-of-1998 data reflected in the year-end accounts of the Fund.
D. Supplementary explanation on the liquidation of UNPREDEP for the period from 1 September 1998 to 30 June 1999
The Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to it at its fifty-third session on progress made in the implementation of measures, themes, recommendations and activities related to the Decade, including recommendations for possible actions and initiatives for the rest of the Decade, as well as proposals for better coordination of actions taken by the United Nations system.
In 1993, the Commission had not ruled out a future review of the question of whether the recognition programmes for the Professional and General Service categories should be aligned, and whether a non-pensionable bonus should replace the current incentive.
The lower than expected output was due to the suspension of all United Nations activities in southern Afghanistan.
55. The Board expects that the Administration would specifically address the issues of recruiting consultants on a competitive basis and on a “sole candidate” basis as well as methods of ensuring a wider geographical base of consultants.
Scientists have predicted a La Niña episode for the period 1998/1999.
21. Nonetheless, participants in the consultations were of the opinion that it could be fruitful to examine all existing reporting instruments in more detail in order to determine the extent to which the similarities could be increased.
Additional industrial developments could further increase this substantially, but such developments would not be counted against the national target as the origin of such emissions is not considered to be "domestic consumption". Methane emissions decreased by 9 per cent and could decrease further mainly as a result of developments in the waste sector.
S. Decision 15/19: New objectives, role and place of the United Nations
The assessment will aim to solicit the views of traders with regard to the availability and quality of trade information, and how the lack thereof impacts on their performance.
The fifth session of the AG13 in July will be its last session before the third session of the COP, and, in this regard, the following elements and suggestions are put forward for consideration.
56. In the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the authorities are reported to discourage all religious activities except those which serve State interests.
At 2145 hours artillery shells fired by Israeli forces fell in outlying areas of Ghanduriyah.
Moreover, the European Monitoring Centre for Drugs and Drug Addiction had set up two projects, on epidemiology and on demand reduction, to prepare the ground for future activities in those areas.
82. On 6 June 1998, the Belgrade Tolerance Centre also organized, with the support of the Westminister Foundation for Democracy, a seminar on “Women, Journalism and Tolerance”.
39. A three-year trial of prescription of narcotic drugs to drug addicts was approved by the Council of Ministers of Switzerland in 1992.
Currently, no core budget posts are being funded through bilateral arrangements with governments and organizations.
Between 1630 and 1645 hours Israeli forces fired six 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar from their position at Tall Ya`qub.
At 2100 hours an Israeli gunboat out at sea fired bursts in various directions.
It embraces all methods used to distribute power and manage public resources, and the organizations that shape government and the execution of policy.
These could include the consolidation of a number of existing functions and units into a more centralized structure by taking into account, inter alia, requirements to streamline and accelerate the publishing process, bringing greater integration and coordination.
3. Enabling countries to respond to the opportunities arising from the Uruguay Round agreements so as to derive maximum available benefit by: analysing the impact of the Uruguay Round agreements on development and enhancing capacities for participation in the multilateral trading system.
33. Attention was drawn to the value of drug liaison officers in providing instant access to the law enforcement agencies of their respective countries in support of drug investigations and in contributing expertise to the drug enforcement agencies in the host country.
Elaborating further on the nature of "disability policy", he suggested that measures to combat exclusion and bad conditions, to be effective, must be taken in two main areas - support to the individual and measures to create accessibility.
The Inter—American Court of Human Rights, for example, in a ground—breaking ruling, found that amnesty for the perpetrators of serious human rights violations was incompatible with the right of every individual to a fair hearing before an impartial and independent court.
Annex I Review of the work of the Disarmament Commission in accordance with General Assembly resolution 52/12 B
A tender for the construction of some 200 additional housing units there was expected to be published shortly by the Housing Ministry.
We each certify that, to the best of our knowledge, information and belief, all material transactions have been properly charged in the accounting records and are properly reflected in the appended financial statements.
Provision is made for reimbursement to the Government of Switzerland for depreciation costs of contingent-owned medical equipment.
7. During the period under review, AALCC was represented at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly on the overall review and appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21.
Proposed travel budget for the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for 1999
(c) Financial or other incentives - to encourage "waste to energy" using clean technologies, the utilization of landfill gas and bio-gasification, without detracting from the priority given to the prevention of waste or discouraging other recycling of waste operations;
In considering the draft provisional agenda for its fortieth session, the Commission decided to continue that practice.
1987-1995 Member of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights.
It was observed that the reduction in resources during the period reviewed and managerial difficulties contributed to the lack of implementation of a number of recommendations.
It emphasized the need to involve key groups in the community, including parents.
Among such factors are the hearing of motions by parties and difficulties relating to the location, transfer and safety of witnesses.
In order to fulfil their commitments laid down in the present Protocol, Annex I Parties, together with non-Annex I Parties, may undertake joint implementation, in the territory of the non-Annex I Party carrying out projects, to limit or reduce anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases, or for the conservation and development of sinks and reservoirs, which mitigate those gases.
The representative acknowledged that domestic violence in Bulgaria was still not seen as a human rights abuse and that more awareness-raising campaigns were needed.
These deplorable incidents have been thoroughly investigated and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the question of religious intolerance has duly been informed of the inquiry.
Only universal organizations like the United Nations have the scope and legitimacy to generate the principles, norms and rules that are essential if globalization is to benefit everyone.
Other countries, such as the Netherlands and the Russian Federation, also contributed optical telescopes and related observational and other instruments.
In the opinion of some delegations, the coastal State would in any case retain the possibility of arresting a ship which was leaving or had left port as long as it was within its jurisdiction.
This negotiating text has been produced in full recognition of the fact that the AGBM has not yet taken a decision on the type of legal instrument to be adopted by the COP at its third session.
It would now be important to bring in the perspective of developing countries and transition economies through studies of clusters (industrial districts/technology parks), networks and strategic partnerships (between firms in the same country, as well as between domestic and foreign firms) in developing countries and transition economies to understand the driving forces, processes and results of such inter-firm cooperation.
In paragraph 2 of his subsequent report to the General Assembly (A/51/777), the Secretary-General advised that it was his intention to submit a separate report on the issue and on related measures taken by the Secretariat.
Its expansion by those countries which intend to develop cooperation with the countries in the Great Silk Road region is naturally and objectively determined by the entire course of historical development.
21. Voluntary contributions in kind (non-budgeted)
UNCTAD United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
The regular budget also shall be accompanied by a statement on the main changes in comparison with the previous biennium.
The Meeting of the Parties shall adopt at its first session, and periodically review thereafter:
Agriculture was the largest (39 per cent) source of nitrous oxide (N2O) emissions, followed by industrial processes (35 per cent in 1990, 32 per cent in 1995) and fuel combustion (22 per cent in 1990, 26 per cent in 1995).
(d) Subscription to aviation publications ($500).
51/4 Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of American States
Contracted services span governance and poverty-alleviation programmes, environment programmes, and social rehabilitation and post-conflict reconstruction initiatives in 19 countries, including Afghanistan, Angola, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cambodia, Haiti and Somalia.
Because of its global perspective and access to information sources throughout the world, UNDCP was well-positioned to identify the international trends related to the problem of ATS, and thereafter to place the issue on the international agenda.
Travel of participants and representatives
The facility with its current staff is capable of checking and repairing most types of Electronic Services Section items that exist in the United Nations inventory.
(a) To base the definition on the proposals made by the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) so as to avoid possible deviations or contradictions (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.1/Rev.2);
His efforts have been instrumental in keeping humanitarian issues on the international political agenda.
612. The Committee notes with appreciation that the Convention is fully incorporated into domestic law, and that the Civil Code and the Code of Criminal Procedure expressly provide that their provisions shall not apply in case they conflict with a provision of an international convention in force in the Syrian Arab Republic.
The targeting of unarmed civilians is a violation of international humanitarian law, in particular article 3 common to the four Geneva Conventions of 1949.
The Committee notes that this amount is separate from the amounts requested for the financing of UNOMSIL.
16. The representative of Italy, referring to the statement of Morocco and Italy’s contribution to one of UNCTAD’s projects of assistance to the Palestinian people, pointed out that, in addition to such direct bilateral funding, it should be remembered that much of UNDP’s financing was itself from bilateral donors.
Procedures even existed for settling certain disputes by obtaining a “binding” advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice.
18. The Committee also welcomes the establishment of the Parliamentary Committee for the Protection of Childhood as well as the National Committee for the Disabled, both of which could be important in the endeavours to implement the principles and provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The apportionment of the appropriation of $125,722,800 gross ($122,665,800 net) provided under resolution 50/89 B is shown in column 2.
Such support is necessary because the United Nations lacks the capacity, resources and expertise to address all problems that may arise in Africa.
58. The challenges facing the international aid community in Afghanistan have resulted in an ever-increasing need for a common vision, and a common programme to address broader cross-cutting issues, such as gender discrimination, violation of human rights and humanitarian law.
Although ACP countries get tariff advantages, it is non-ACP sources that are the market leaders, notably Brazil, Thailand and Philippines.
Between 2010 and 2110 hours Israeli helicopters and a reconnaissance aircraft overflew Tyre at various altitudes.
This is due to the ongoing controversy over education policy, curricula etc.
(b) Provision of food, including transportation and distribution Transportation
FCCC/AGBM/1996/9 Provisional agenda and annotations
194. The Council of Europe indicated that, in a resolution adopted by its Parliamentary Assembly on the sustainable exploitation of living marine resources, it had invited its member States, to adopt, among other actions, practical measures to reduce by-catches and discards.
TD/B/COM.1/7 Report of the Expert Meeting on Strengthening the
On budgetary contributions, he stated that delays in contributions might warrant consideration by the SBI later in the year and, if the status of contributions remained unsatisfactory, by the Conference of the Parties (COP).
(iii) Preparation of a manual for setting out the operational standards and guidelines of the Unit
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
There is also some effect on the overall negative cash flow where expenditures under the liquidation phase of several peacekeeping missions are not balanced by the collection of corresponding assessments.
Item 103 of the provisional agendaA/53/150.
This amounts to $1,153,400 for a full calendar year.
The monthly cost of fuel per vehicle amounts to $156.
(b) Assessment of the amount of $11,077,300 gross ($10,309,500 net) for the period ending 20 April 1998;
At present, the secretariat is finalizing preparations for the reviews of second national communications from Annex I Parties, including updating the list of experts nominated by governments for participation in in-depth reviews.
1414. It was important that the scale of the problems experienced by disabled children be acknowledged.
The unbudgeted requirements of $3,466,900 resulted from the need to enhance the communications infrastructure throughout the mission area in connection with the transition of UNAVEM III to MONUA.
The division of powers under the 1990 Constitution maintains the separate branches of Government through the executive, legislature and courts.
Alternate: Petru Pavel Gavrilescu (Romania)
Letter dated 25 June 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Rwanda to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (S/1998/583).
6. Specifically, the programme includes two human rights training seminars for human rights associations and local representatives.
All of this called for further research and an evaluation of existing practices to provide policy makers with a sound scientific basis for decision- making.
15. However, not all of the national disaster preparedness structures in place have been able to cope adequately with the 1997/1998 El Niño event.
43. On 10 October, a Hamas official in Gaza denied reports that his organization had offered Israel a truce.
A Party may authorize any domestic entity (for example government agencies, private firms, non-governmental organizations, individuals) to participate in actions leading to transfer and receipt under paragraph 136 above of tonnes of carbon equivalent emissions allowed.
(c) Amphetamine-type stimulants as a global problem;
9. Requests the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system concerned to provide information on:
At the same time, FDI remained narrowly distributed in a few developing countries: most countries that needed inflows of foreign capital and know-how did not have the capacity to attract FDI, and the international community was increasingly reluctant to assist their development efforts.
(b) Fostering the exchange of local, national and regional experiences on implementing conference outcomes;
18. Stresses that the pursuit, extension and establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones, on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at, especially in regions of tension, such as the Middle East and South Asia, represent a significant contribution to the goal of a nuclear-weapon-free world;
A UNESCO chair in human rights, democracy and peace was established at An-Najah University, Nablus, a physical learning environment project was launched and the model kindergarten project in Gaza can now accommodate 50 children.
5. Since 9 June, the Eritrean regime has brutally expelled well over 4,000 Ethiopian civilians after confiscating their property, including personal belongings, and after inflicting severe injuries on them.
54. Recalling the presidential statement, the Special Committee stresses the need, in the case of upcoming missions or the expansion of existing missions, to invite prospective troop contributors to consultations at the earliest possible stage in order to provide them with access to the information required and to enable them to make an informed decision on participation.
The UNESCO representative informed the Committee that the World Press Freedom Prize had been given by UNESCO to a jailed journalist and also referred to the imprisonment of a member of the jury for the Prize.
Draft provisional agenda for the second session of the preparatory body
IPHC furthermore had incorporated by-catch removals into its stock assessments and harvest policy.
3See the Results of the Uruguay Round of Multilateral Trade Negotiations: The Legal Texts (Geneva, GATT secretariat, 1994).
The European Union recalls that the Cambodian Constitution accords King Sihanouk the role of supreme arbitrator in order to ensure the proper functioning of the Government.
The long-standing cooperation between UNRWA and the Jordanian Ministry of Health continued to cover a wide range of public health activities, including immunization, family health, surveillance of communicable diseases, development of human resources for health, quality assurance of essential drugs, participation in national health surveys and in-kind donation of hepatitis B vaccine.
III. Measures taken at the national and regional levels
It was requested that the priority areas of the Special Initiative should be those laid down by the Member States in the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s.
Affirming the applicability of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949, United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 75, No. 973. to the Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, including Jerusalem,
At 10 a.m., a panel on "New Challenges for International Cooperation" will be mo-derated by Hassan Hamed, President, Union des Radiodiffusions et Télévisions Nationales d'Afrique (URTNA).
7. The Republic of Panama endorses in its entirety resolution 52/53, adopted by the General Assembly on 9 December 1997, and reaffirms that it took the decision at an early date not to transfer its diplomatic mission from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, in strict observance of Security Council resolution 478 (1980).
It is uniquely placed to address the numerous and diverse needs of the developing countries, as its universality, its governance structure and its global operation network allow it to act in a manner that responds to donor and programme countries alike.
As a result of those actions, the level of resources required was significantly reduced.
United Nations Board of Auditors The President of the General Assembly
There has been an increase in the seizures of psychotropic substances in the 1990s, which may be indicative of the extent of geographical spread of abuse of those substances.
The country coverage of United Nations operational activities far exceeds that of any other bilateral or multilateral organization.
The technical assistance mission undertaken in April 1998 issued a report entitled “Reconstruction of the data bank and information management systems of the Permanent Secretariat of SELA”.
(iii) To recommend ways of diminishing the effects of impunity.
62. It is worth mentioning that institutions connected to the issues of population and development, such as the “Comité National Population” had been non-operational for years.
The 9 mm cases bore the markings of the Kirat Ordnance Factory, India.
5. Takes note of the observations of the Board of Auditors on the outstanding tax refunds due to the Fund from some Member States in respect of direct taxes imposed on the investment income of the Fund, as set out in paragraphs 13 to 15 of its report, which is reproduced in annex III to the report of the Board;6
Many of them may classify as persistent organic pollutants (POPs).
(c) Food and sustainable agricultural development
The amount allocated has been fully obligated during the period.
The emoluments of the judges will depend upon the action the General Assembly takes on the report of the Secretary-General on the conditions of service of the members of the International Court of Justice (A/C.5/53/11).
Recommendations were made to address this situation.
37. Introduced to UNCTAD’s membership in the course of 1991, the Trade Efficiency Programme received the official endorsement of UNCTAD VIII (Cartagena de Indias, Colombia, March 1992) and was further reinforced by the conclusions of the United Nations Symposium on Trade Efficiency (Columbus, Ohio, October 1994) and of UNCTAD IX (Midrand, South Africa, May 1996).
22. No provision was made under this heading.
The World Youth Forum calls for the development of regional and international teaching materials through United Nations agencies, the adequate training of all educators and the establishment of national coordination units.
7. Credentials of representatives to the fifty-second session of the General Assembly: report of the Credentials Committee (A/52/719) [3 (b)].
The consideration of this item, in both an informal and a formal setting, will continue until the morning of Friday, 5 December 1997.
The revised total cost of the project, re-estimated on the basis of the report of the independent experts, would amount to $77.6 million.
Reaffirming paragraph 80 of the Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly, Resolution S–10/2. in which it is stated that in order to prevent an arms race in outer space further measures should be taken and appropriate international negotiations held in accordance with the spirit of the Treaty,
International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of Apartheid
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution con-tained no programme budget implications.
In addition, in view of the complexity and amplitude of the human rights dimension of terrorism, it would be also premature, as well as counterproductive, to proceed with a definition before the Sub—Commission determines which issues it considers worth developing, taking into account that the work of the Sub—Commission should not overlap with the activities of other United Nations bodies responsible for dealing with the overall problem of suppressing international terrorism.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
The Conference of the Parties should endeavour not to hold such sessions at a time which would make the attendance of a significant number of delegations difficult.
(iv) The facilitation, as appropriate, of access by the developing countries to advanced communication technology available on the open market;
Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors
The representative of Yemen made a statement regarding his vote on operative paragraph 21.
Current trends and patterns in international trade can provide some indication of where new trading opportunities in terms of markets and products might emerge for developing countries at various levels of development.
75. In order to ensure the success of the Fourth International Conference and improve our understanding of the democratization process, it is important that extensive preparation is undertaken before the Conference.
National coordinating agencies will receive guidance and advice in mobilizing private-sector investment, conducting feasibility studies, developing marketing strategies, identifying effective credit schemes, organizing international round tables, negotiating debt swaps and assisting national authorities seeking extensions or enlargement of current international preferential trade arrangements for selected Andean exports.
The SBSTA also took note of the methodological issues outlined in the report on the informal workshop on Annex I communications, referred to in paragraph 48 above.
2. Requests the five nuclear-weapon States to undertake measures towards the implementation of paragraph 1 of the present resolution;
Item 9. Programme of activities of the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People
Staff costs have been shown on a net basis under line item 2(b).
The Committee also agreed that it was essential for Member States to pay more attention to the problem of collisions of space objects, including those with nuclear power sources, with space debris, and other aspects of space debris, in accordance with paragraph 29 of General Assembly resolution 52/56.
UNIDO plan of action for the integration of women in industrial development.
Results of valuation in dollar terms and other disclosures
At its 3rd meeting, on 27 February, the SBI addressed the sub-item on action by the Depositary of the Convention.
V. Accounting and financial reporting issues
As part of the chemicals agenda, UNEP has developed the voluntary prior informed consent procedure on the trade of hazardous chemicals and pesticides and, jointly with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), has convened negotiations for a convention on the issue.
UNCT is today the forum in which joint assessments, strategies, programming and implementation are decided and managed.
III. ANNOTATIONS TO THE PROVISIONAL AGENDA
Mr. Theo van Boven presents examples of such violations in his study, but those he refers to are not simply gross violations, but gross and massive violations of human rights, such as genocide, slavery, execution without due process or arbitrary execution.
1. Takes note with concern of the observations of the Committee on Conferences in paragraph 135 of its report and encourages members to participate in the work of the Committee;
(e) A decisive strengthening of international development cooperation;
Over the years information centres have produced more than 200 local-language versions of the Universal Declaration.
Permanent Representative Permanent Representative of Belgium to the United Nations of Canada to the United Nations
We shall have to respect the reservations that have been made in the dialogue that goes forward.
3. The following specialized agencies and related organization were represented at the meeting:
Recalling Security Council resolution 350 (1974) of 31 May 1974, by which the Council established the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Force, the latest of which was resolution 1139 (1997) of 21 November 1997,
64. The United Nations accounting standards and accounting for contributions in kind is commented on in paragraphs 23–30 of the report of the Board.
Statements were made by the representatives of Croatia, Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), the United States and the Netherlands.
The second calculation shown is a net one, which includes any prior period adjustments to income or expenditure;
The Declaration on the Right to Development4 brings together the two covenants, through its elaboration of a holistic vision integrating civil, cultural, economic, political and social rights, aiming at a constant improvement of the well-being of the human person.
As requested in paragraph 2 of resolution 15/9, the Executive Director has made a concerted effort to reduce both the number of documents submitted to the Commission and the number of pages per document.
86. The UNICEF nutrition programme ($236,000) is aimed at reducing children’s mortality, morbidity, nutrient deficiencies and (proteino-energetic) malnutrition.
Following the operation, which lasted for several hours, the residents were released.
Austria increased the relevant tax rate in May 1996.
Rule 48 (Suspension or adjournment of the meeting)
Moreover, graduation into "value added" agro-based manufacturing is highly desirable.
(a) Globalization, liberalization and development.
The massive presence of NGOs in the conferences increased public awareness of the conferences and the issues they dealt with and, ultimately, of the United Nations, and was a driving force for the setting of international norms and standards.
28. One lesson that has been drawn from an analysis of peacekeeping trends as they relate to the present report is that by the time a crisis breaks, it is too late to build the Secretariat capacity that would be required to address it.
In accordance with General Assembly resolutions 3237 (XXIX) of 22 November 1974 and 43/177 of 15 December 1988, the observer of Palestine made a statement.
It reaffirmed that the coordination and support of disaster reduction activities at the country level, the ultimate objectives of which are to reduce vulnerability to disasters and to protect development gains, is in the interests of both the development and the humanitarian community.
3. The Committee discussed the current situation at its 1263rd meeting.
Convinced of the close linkage of national interests with those of the Arab nation and of the clear connection between the national security of Arab States and that of the Arab nation;
269. After the preparation of the Secretary's report, the Secretary received the following communication dated 1 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of the Russian Federation to the United Nations, which was distributed to the Board:
The distribution of the 23 posts by offices and grades is as follows: one P-5, 11 P-4 and one General Service for the Mission Planning Service, three P-4 and one P-3 for the Civilian Police Unit and four P-4 and two P-3 for the Training Unit.
The meeting began its work by adopting the following agenda:
Like a number of other States of the West African subregion, Côte d’Ivoire is affected by the consequences of the illicit circulation of small arms.
51. The Committee suggests that further efforts should be undertaken to disseminate information about the risks of consanguineous marriages, including through the media and health education programmes.
99. The Committee is pleased to be informed of the measures implemented to eradicate gender stereotypes within the education system.
During interrogation, he was ordered to strip and interrogators proceeded to torture him until he gave the names of everyone he could think of who had taken part in the incident.
Governments were entitled to deduct a fee from payments made to claimants to compensate for the costs they incurred.
Mr. Zoran Jolevski, First Secretary, Permanent Mission of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to the United Nations Office at Geneva
Peak tariffs are normally within the 12 to 30 per cent range and only exceptionally reach levels as high as 320 per cent (e.g. leather shoes).
Direct access to official United Nations documents by United Nations officials and officials of permanent missions (34 as at the end of 1997) is now possible and has reduced the volume of documents needed.
Those expenditures, which have been offset by liquidations of prior period obligations, have been shown in accounts as at 30 June 1997 as prior period adjustments to net excess (shortfalls) of income over expenditures.
18. It is the hope of the Commission that these considerations will contribute positively to the Assembly’s discussion of ocean affairs.
These have included targeting specific causes of death, strategic choices of comprehensive case management (an initiative supported by UNICEF and others) and of integrating child health into reproductive health services for parents.
Theme groups (each coordinated by a United Nations organization) have been established as mechanisms for enhanced United Nations collaboration within each cooperation area as given below:
Nevertheless, the fact that existing international law is excessively rigid, inadequate, has gaps or its interpretation makes it too difficult to apply for the purpose of defining an act as mercenary does not make it right to invoke existing norms as permitting acts and conduct which are intrinsically mercenary.
International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights
20. The Registry is using all means to deal with these problems, including attempting to recruit translators under one-year fixed-term contracts and utilizing external translators outside the premises.
The President of the Russian Federation, Mr. Boris Yeltsin, and the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan, Mr. Islam Karimov, having thoroughly studied the status of relations and prospects for the development of all aspects of cooperation between the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan, and having held a thorough exchange of views on current international problems, state the following:
The presentation distinguishes the different types of funds which are managed by UNFPA.
Accordingly, OCHA urges Governments to take all possible measures to ensure the protection of civilian populations and aid workers, consistent with respect for international humanitarian law, human rights law, refugee law and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
76. Another classification divides closures into three categories: all of the Gaza Strip is under a general closure at all times; strict closures when all permits are cancelled; and absolute closures, which are applicable even within the West Bank and the Gaza Strip when persons cannot return to their places of residence or are unable to leave them.
Consideration of communications under article 22 of the Convention [6]
The Committee continued its general debate and heard state-ments by the representatives of Brazil, Tunisia, Pakistan, Spain and the United Kingdom.
Statements were made by representatives of four Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island States (AOSIS).
Clustering and networking of economic activities takes place in industrial districts - geographical concentrations of individual enterprises in related activities - or networks of enterprises connected through business arrangements.
320. The representative concluded that the new Government, which had been installed in mid-1996, had embarked on a policy of reform and modernization.
The first devastating blow that was struck at education immediately after the occupation in 1967 was the total abolition of the Syrian Arab curriculum at the schools in the villages of the occupied Golan and its replacement by the Israeli curriculum imposed on Palestinian Arab students in 1948.
G. Emissions from the land-use change and forestry sector
As similar unfounded allegations of so-called airspace violations have been rejected in toto in our previous communications addressed to you, most recently in my letter dated 19 October 1998 (A/53/520-S/1998/974), I will confine myself to reiterating that flights within the sovereign airspace of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus take place with the full knowledge and consent of the appropriate authorities of the State.
Spending for this purpose as a percentage of gross national product (GNP) has been relatively low.
In addition, 14 bridges suffered slight damage, 2 suffered major damage and 10 were totally destroyed.
Since atmospheric emissions entering the sea through precipitation over the open ocean are normally diluted and diffused, the immediate effects of atmospheric pollutants such as smog, toxic air pollutants and acidic depositions entering the sea through precipitation (most of the earth’s evaporation (86 per cent) and precipitation (78 per cent) takes place over the oceans) have not yet been identified by the international community as requiring urgent remedial action.
The Symposium was attended by 51 representatives from 21 African countries and 17 observers from regional organizations, such as the Economic Commission for Africa, the African-American Islamic Institute and the Union du Maghreb Arabe, as well as the Government of Norway and the European Commission.
18. The Secretary-General and the members of ACC support recommendations 3 (c) and 3 (d).
(a) A comparative study of the present budgetary procedures and the proposed results-based budgeting, which should, inter alia, show very clearly the differences and similarities between the two;
PRINCIPLE 9. GUARANTEES FOR WITNESSES AND VICTIMS
It is important not merely to address conflict, but also to try to prevent it.
Another focus of UNHCR’s activities has been on refugee children and adolescents.
The manufacturer whose permit was held up was compelled to import without a permit and pay a penalty of 5 per cent.
“Regretting that the financial markets have exhibited extreme volatility, which has resulted in higher interest rate spreads and a sharp decline in private capital flows to developing countries, leading to a significant slowdown in economic activity,
48. The Working Group had achieved a great deal and the progress made had been important in building confidence and trust.
3 Address to the Nation by the Head of State, Commander-in-Chief of the Armed Forces, Federal Republic of Nigeria, His Excellency General Abdulsalami Abubakar on 20 July 1998, note verbale No. 205/98 from the Permanent Mission of Nigeria to the United Nations Office at Geneva addressed to all permanent missions and international organizations in Geneva, 22 July 1998.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
At United Nations Headquarters, public forums have been organized since February 1995 to disseminate among practitioners and scholars the results of the research undertaken by UNU.
Letter dated 22 September 1998 from the Secretary-General to the President of the General Assembly
While trade had grown rapidly, FDI had also grown rapidly since the early 1980s - in fact, more rapidly than trade and domestic production.
Generally speaking, postponements were more than offset by introducing additional activities prompted by the need to address new mandates, including the preparation of important conferences, as explained later in the report.
2. United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UN-MOT)
Remote access could also rapidly be granted to peacekeeping missions for data retrieval, pending a review of the solution identified for data entry.
72. Review and implementation of the Concluding Document of the Twelfth Special Session of the General Assembly:
Partnership between the United Nations system and such focal points should be established within the framework of the United Nations Decade on Human Rights Education (1995-2004).
There were many positive aspects that should be better publicized, as the whole continent was embarked on the task of strengthening macroeconomic policies and major efforts were under way to put in place sound economic reforms.
They also reaffirmed the vital importance of respect by States of the privileges and immunities of experts in relation to the exercise of their United Nations-related functions.
For instance, in the view of the Expert Meeting on health services, the increasing cost-consciousness of public health systems and the growing role of the private sector in many countries provides new opportunities for trade.
6. The Permanent Mission of Peru considers that any decision to increase the number of permanent members of the Security Council would constitute not merely an amendment to the Charter, but a constitutional reform of the United Nations.
To further strengthen these efforts, UNSO has developed a jointly funded programme with the United Nations Volunteers (UNV) to place nationally-recruited UNVs within National Coordinating Bodies in (15) selected African countries.
26. Assistance to Africa also features in UNCTAD’s work on trade and environment.
The Agency also adopted an integrated approach to improving delivery in the context of continuing financial constraints in the basic education programme – the service area which accounted for the largest share of UNRWA’s recurrent expenditure, and to which the refugees attached the greatest value for the future of their children.
Emphasizing the economic and strategic importance of the Caucasus, with its rich natural and human resources, the sides expressed their belief that the existence of stable, democratic and market-oriented States, secure within their borders and at peace with the neighbours, has great significance for the promotion of regional prosperity and cooperation.
In recent years, approximately half the financial resources put at the disposal of ILO for technical cooperation have been channelled to Africa.
Consequently, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia demands that its full-fledged membership rights in that Organization be restored to it.
For new passenger cars, an average fuel consumption target of 5 litres/100 kilometre for petrol-driven cars and 4.5 litres/100 kilometre for diesel-driven cars by 2005 shall be introduced.
4.2.1.14 Additional general requirements applicable to the transport of Division 6.1 substances in portable tanks
91. Investments Committee [General Assembly resolution 248 (III)]
The Department plans to significantly increase the volume of its posting of multimedia material, including regular radio news and updates, and will also introduce and host online chats with United Nations experts on various issues.
The target areas for such work in the coming biennium will be south-west Asia, south-east Asia and Latin America.
The representative of Australia introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed as well as Costa Rica, Denmark, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg and Norway.
243. Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women, thirty-ninth session [General Assembly resolutions 31/133 and 39/125]
Architecture of the United Nations Logistics Base communications facilities
Requirements under this heading had been estimated at a monthly cost of $221 per vehicle based on an average mileage of 1,670 kilometres per month and consumption of petrol at 4 kilometres per litre at a cost of $0.53 per litre.
UNLB United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi
11. At the 7th meeting, on 13 October, the Secretary of the Committee made a statement, in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, on the programme budget implications of the proposals relating to Western Sahara, New Caledonia, American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Montserrat, Pitcairn, St. Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands (see A/C.4/53/SR.7).
Kyrgyzstan has entered the era of democracy and renewal.
o Individual accountability for the improprieties, irregularities and losses, as well as the lack of control in the procurement operations of the Mission, be determined for appropriate action, including invoking financial rule 114.1 for the recovery of losses, where justified;
Likewise, while each communication refers to a given type of intolerance and discrimination, this does not mean that other types of violations do not occur in the same State.
47. In previous reports, the Special Representative had noted the reports he had received of the activities of the Islamic Human Rights Commission.
The project for establishing networking between the above institutions aims to:
12. Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 11 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of 434,234 dollars approved for the Force for the period from 1 March to 30 June 1999;
Following intense international pressure, the Government commuted his sentence.
2. United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)
14. While most developing countries have made persistent efforts to educate their children, efforts to educate adults have been limited.
49. As concerns rural areas, the Special Committee was informed that the Israeli authorities designated Arab villages on maps as consisting only of mosques and areas within a 200 metre radius around the mosque.
At the international level, President Clinton announced in his address to the General Assembly on 22 October 1995 that the United States was fully prepared to expand its cooperation with other United Nations Member States in an effort to stop the flow of narcotics, to halt the spread of organized crime, and to stem the proliferation of small arms.
As provided in paragraph 34 of decision 7, the Governing Council considered losses arising out of “[a]ctions by officials, employees or agents of the Government of Iraq or its controlled entities during that period in connection with the invasion or occupation” to be direct losses.
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.10/Rev.1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 138 to none, with 8 abstentions.
This development was reported to the General Assembly in the Secretary-General’s report of 31 July 1997 (A/51/957).
The functions of the secretariat under Article 8.2 and arrangements made for its functioning under Article 8.3 of the Convention shall apply mutatis mutandis to this Protocol.
FAO Telephone: (39.6) 5225.5879 (expected to become 5705.5875 in August)
149. United Nations Decade of International Law
The Committee welcomes the fourth periodic report, as well as the addendum to the report, updating information submitted by the State party.
At the same time as they were striving to tap the trading opportunities of the new context and adapt their institutions to the commitments made, they had to formulate their positive agenda for ongoing and future trade negotiations.
294. The Committee is gravely concerned about information it has received with regard to violations of women's human rights in East Timor.
The remaining restrictions on trade unions and professional associations which erode their autonomy should equally be removed.
The League reiterated its strong support for the Agency’s humanitarian activities, concern over the repeated funding shortfalls faced by the Agency and their implications for the Palestine refugees and the host authorities, and the importance of increased contributions to the Agency by the international community.
Finally, ad hoc queries are made by selected staff against the database covering special requirements.
16. The forcible separation of parents from their children is one of the most distressing aspects to the deportations.
27. The most difficult issue in financial liberalization is choosing which flows to deregulate and which to control at any point in time.
The strategic objective is to put forward options for easing demographic constraints on sustainable development in the Sahel.
4. This review of the work to be undertaken, and the lack of experience within the Organization in the field of cost accounting in general, led to the decision to resort to external consultants to undertake a study that would cover the issues outlined in the preceding paragraphs.
1. Urges all States to respond to the appeal in its resolution 32/90 F of 13 December 1977 and reiterated in subsequent relevant resolutions in a manner commensurate with the needs of Palestine refugees for higher education, including vocational training;
In addition, however, the level of external debt, the debt service burden, and the availability of foreign assistance assume particular importance in Africa.
Rather, duties and responsibilities should be assigned systematically to a number of individuals to ensure that effective checks and balances exist.
Based on this decision, the following is suggested.
III. Actions taken for recovery of mission subsistence allowance overpayment
3. Other matters in the field of trade and development:
2. The deployment of United Nations military observers in the Prevlaka peninsula was originally authorized by the Security Council in its resolution 779 (1992) of 6 October 1992.
At its third session, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) welcomed the contributions made at this workshop and noted that consensus on mechanisms for consultation had not been reached among non-governmental organizations (NGOs) participating in the workshop.
As from Wednesday, 1 October 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Participation in the Governing Board of the Centre and in its activities is open to Member States of the region, and in due course and upon approval by the Governing Board, the Centre would grow into a network of nodes enabling it to fully utilize the resources and potential of the region.
Another petition, submitted by the Association for Civil Rights in Israel (ACRI), called for a ban on violent shaking.
At its 3rd meeting, on 27 February, a report was made by the chairman of the session on the transfer of technologies, which took place as part of the informal workshop on Wednesday, 26 February (see also paragraph 15 above).
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH/FRENCH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
(a) Provide juridical advice on the legal aspects of activities of the United Nations Logistics Base, including relations with the host Government and other bodies;
However, a "new generation" of regulations may be required to ensure that foreign commercial presence is supportive of the national health system in the importing country.
It is estimated that an amount of $467,000 is due for troop costs for the period from 1 July 1996 to 28 February 1998.
It further welcomes the dissemination given to the Covenant and the Optional Protocol in the Macedonian language and in the languages of the ethnic minorities.
It is important, therefore, that the Secretary-General clarify and confirm that reimbursement under the new wet-lease arrangements with troop-contributing Governments does not include provisions for support and services already provided by the United Nations to military personnel.
The recommendations of MICIVIH with regard to the importance of autopsies in cases of death in police custody were implemented following the incident in Fort-Liberté.
The identification of training needs and suitable institutions in Africa to provide such training will thus be facilitated.
The Central and Eastern European countries and Cyprus associated with the European Union and the European Free Trade Association country Iceland, member of the European Economic Area, align themselves with this statement.
45. Supporting family structures, especially assistance to the poor, and providing the necessary resources to family and schools dealing with young women and young men with physical and mental disabilities;
UNDCP provided support for the prevention of diversion of precursors and licit drugs, particularly in Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Guatemala and Peru.
The recommendation is accepted and will be reflected in the guidance and monitoring provided by the Office of Human Resources Management in regard to the appointment of consultants by the substantive offices.
Successful enterprise development is affected by a conducive economic environment in terms of the macroeconomic, regulatory and legal frameworks, the structural characteristics of the national economy, the degree of market development, the institutional framework, the infrastructural and human resource base and the quality and coherence of government policies.
These releases, which are prepared for the use of information media and are not official records, also contain background information.
The Committee is pleased to be provided with copies of the national policy.
Paragraph 79 (f): The intelligence information system of the World Customs Organization, which has a regional office for Eastern Europe in Warsaw, is being used for the exchange of information on illicit trafficking and other related data.
75. Organization of American States (OAS) (G.A. resolutions 49/450 and 49/5).
In Mexico, for example, an important concept in the Guadalajara pilot project on ISO 14000 for SMEs is the cooperation between large and small enterprises.
(u) Letter dated 26 August 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Brazil to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/297);
First, national reunification should be achieved independently, without reliance on outside forces and free from their interference.
Some have doubted the value added of the country strategy note as an inter-agency coordination mechanism, and suggested a thorough assessment of the country strategy note experience as compared with countries which did not adopt the country strategy note mechanism.
4. At the 8th meeting, on 9 October, introductory statements were made by the Under-Secretary-General for economic and Social Affairs, under the items as a whole and sub-item (b), and the Officer in charge of the New York Office of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, under sub-item (d) (see A/C.2/53/SR.8).
e. Six internally compiled and typeset volumes of the United Nations Treaty Series Cumulative Index covering volumes 1401–1700 of the United Nations Treaty Series.
Following some 100 days of interrogation, he had been charged with holding a counterfeit identity card and the documents of an outlawed organization.
Between 1000 and 1030 hours an Israeli helicopter overflew the areas of Jarju`, Arabsalim and Luwayzah.
Coordination of project implementation and preparation of reports
“Impunity”, “serious crimes under international law”
The programmes and subprogrammes of the proposed medium-term plan shall be reviewed by the relevant sectoral, functional and regional intergovernmental bodies, if possible during the regular cycle of their meetings prior to their review by the Committee for Programme and Coordination, the Economic and Social Council and the General Assembly.
The fact that mines affect the lives of individuals, their subsistence and the provision of humanitarian assistance is irrefutable.
47. Election of the judges of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994 (D.47).
49. Institutional support arrangements and human resource development are critical in improving the efficiency of transit transport.
First national communications from Annex I Parties: Review visit dates 6 English Page
As electronic instruments of credit, credit guarantee and payment start to be used on a global (i.e. extra-territory) basis, without being necessarily linked to any specific currency, who can exercise the relevant macroeconomic authority and control over such flows?
The high number of children involved in labour, especially in rural areas and in particular in coffee-growing areas as a result of a long-standing cultural pattern, is a matter of concern, as is the fact that the Government has not adequately enforced child labour provisions in the rural areas of the country.
14. Decides that the President of the General Assembly, consistent with the approved programme budget, should have full authority to use the funds provided in the budget for the Office, including hospitality and travel and any other requirements for the accomplishment of the official responsibilities;
Governments had some role to play in such matching exercises, particularly by providing a predictable regulatory environment, access to international capital markets, and the appropriate infrastructure.
In its view, there had not been any case of violation of the resolution by the Japanese industry since the adoption of resolution 46/215.
Both, as well as their sister Convention CBD, were joined by the interaction amongst ecological problems that they address, and by their commitment to sustainable development.
5. During its consideration of the item, the Special Committee had before it a report of the Secretary-General (A/53/130 and Corr.1), submitted in response to the request addressed to him by the General Assembly in paragraph 19 of resolution 52/73, containing information on the action taken by organizations of the United Nations system in implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations referred to above.
28. During his visit to Indonesia and East Timor (3 to 7 December 1995), the High Commissioner for Human Rights recommended the continuing investigation of the violent incident of 12 November 1991 and asked the Government of Indonesia to pay compensation to the families of the victims.
1. Notes with satisfaction the activities carried out by the Regional Centre in support of efforts at promoting understanding and cooperation among African countries in the areas of peace, disarmament, security and development; See A/53/348.
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions informed that, from the period of inception to 28 February 1998, $2,818.9 million had been assessed on Member States in respect of UNIFIL.
Letter dated 14 August 1998 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i.
At the same time, the liberalization of the services sector in developing countries was complex and required a cautious and progressive approach allowing countries to liberalize in accordance with their capacity and stage of development.
Convinced that the internationally recognized status of Mongolia will contribute to enhancing stability and confidence-building in the region as well as promote Mongolia’s security by strengthening its independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity, the inviolability of its borders and the preservation of its ecological balance,
The Chairperson, with the agreement of the Sub—Commission, may dispatch a message on behalf of all members of the Sub—Commission.
The results, which will be put to immediate use in the cities, include tools for considering gender concerns, for conducting city consultations, for remote sensing and geographic information system (GIS), and for environmental risk assessment, as well as a newsletter and an information service to provide routine responses to queries on urban environmental management.
B. Member States that have made no payments
HINA later reported that “on September 2, seven police officers beat up [the Italian tourist] who died from injuries the following day in Split hospital”.
By 31 July 1998, the Convention had been signed by 128 countries and ratified by 30. It is expected to enter into force early next year.
Indicators providing information on national coordination include: the presence of trade facilitation committees, the participation in these committees, their status, the presence of other associations such as shippers’ councils, freight forwarders’ associations, etc.
Increasing procurement from developing countries
The Zone, which entered into force on 27 March 1997, is an important contribution to the process of nuclear disarmament and reflects the genuine commitment of the States of South-east Asia towards achieving common disarmament goals.
Article VI (Domestic regulation) and Article VII (Recognition) of the GATS were considered to be particularly relevant in this respect.
Provision is made for hiring local security guards to ensure the safety of UNMOT property at team sites during the night at a rate of $50 per team site per month for 16 sites ($9,600).
20. The IMIS application is year-2000-compliant by design.
In addition, 550 household sanitary latrines were constructed in different communities.
An account of the discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (E/1998/SR.39, 40 and 46).
23. UNICEF financial regulation 4.6 requires that contributions-in-kind be considered as income only when specifically requested by UNICEF and received in accordance with its specifications.
In its resolution 52/12 B, the General Assembly took note of the recommendation of the Secretary-General and asked for a more detailed report that would include, inter alia, a full explanation of the proposed change for consideration before the end of its fifty-second session.
3. A detailed report on technical cooperation, including resource mobilization and coordination of activities,E/AC.15/1998/9. was presented to the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at its seventh session.
During the period covered by the present report, the Committee received 14 initial or periodic reports.
48. For the Investigation Division, the Prosecutor requests 35 additional posts (28 Professional and 7 General Service) for 1999, as follows: 1 P-4 and 1 P-3 post for the Office of the Chief of Investigations, 3 P-2 posts for the Military Analysis Team, 21 posts (1 P-4 and 20 P-3) for the Criminal Investigation Teams, 1 P-3 post for the field office in Banja Luka and 1 P-3 post for the field office in Sarajevo (see A/53/C.5/13, para. 45).
762. In the spirit of articles 2, 3 and 22 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party make all appropriate efforts to ensure easy and full access to basic services, including education, health and social services, to all children living under its jurisdiction.
Equipment, material, chemicals, working manuals, guidelines and scientific information were provided to 63 laboratories in 19 countries.
In this context, UNCTAD and other organizations should explore ways to facilitate the effective participation of developing countries in those bodies.
Accordingly, we progressed step by step, fostering democratic culture among the population.
At 1425 hours Israeli forces fired eight 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Kafra and Yatar from their positions at Tall Ya`qub.
Annex IV Distribution of civilian staff by office
In order to enhance coordination and improve the administration of United Nations fellowships, the establishment of a working group at the Secretariat level to review the fellowship operations of different departments will be considered.
4. At the 29th meeting, on 13 November, the Vice-Chairman of the Sixth Committee, the representative of the Netherlands, on behalf of the Bureau, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Establishment of an international criminal court” (A/C.6/53/L.9).
The Special Representative explained that all the cases presented in the two memoranda had occurred outside the context of combat.
8. The sixth meeting of the States parties to the Convention was convened by the Secretary-General at the United Nations Office at Geneva on 26 November 1997 to elect five members of the Committee against Torture to replace those whose terms of office were due to expire on 31 December 1997. As a result of the election, the membership of the Committee for 1998 is as follows:
It focused on the impending environmental crisis caused by the rapid urbanization and increasing per capita water demand, especially in developing countries, coupled with the changes taking place in the global environment.
(d) Immediately following meetings between Security Council members, troop-contributing countries, other contributors and the Secretariat, the President should brief interested non-members of the Security Council on the contents of such meetings;
The Hungarian Ministry of Foreign Affairs claims that, in the aftermath of the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait, it was required to evacuate “Hungarian citizens from Kuwait and Baghdad”.
6. Reaffirms also that democracy, development and respect for all human rights and fundamental freedoms would be strengthened by enhanced international cooperation, in particular, for development;
Such solutions include the promotion of social spending through the cancellation of external debt of the highly indebted poor countries; trade agreements respecting the right to work and decent working conditions; fulfilment of the agreed 0.7 per cent target of GNP for official development assistance; the full payment of United Nations dues in time without conditions; and further reform of the United Nations system.
79. Long-term renegotiation of debt owed to commercial banks can take place in the framework of the London Club.
"Recalling its previous decisions regarding the fact that, in order to meet the expenditures caused by the Force, a different procedure is required from that applied to meet expenditures of the regular budget of the United Nations,
D. Activities not carried out because of low levels of contribution to the Trust Fund for the Programme of Action for the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination
Since 1988 Algeria has been engaged in an extensive programme of economic reforms, whose central aim is to ensure a shift from a controlled economy to a market economy.
The secretariat shall, in agreement with the President, include any item which is proposed by a Party and has been received by the secretariat after the provisional agenda has been produced, but before the opening of the session, in a supplementary provisional agenda.
5. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization
14. With regard to trade and investment, opportunities for technical cooperation between ESCAP and ECO are being explored in the following areas: developing a subregional database, strengthening inter-subregional financial linkages, using training facilities, institution- and capacity-building, managing trade policy issues, replicating successful experience in “growth triangles”, and preparing an inventory of and monitoring restrictive trade practices.
4. The revisions proposed to programme 2 reflect actions taken by the General Assembly in its resolutions 52/12 B of 19 December and 52/220 of 22 December 1997.
2. Reaffirms that, in order to achieve positive results, it is useful for the three regional centres to carry out dissemination and educational programmes that promote regional peace and security aimed at changing basic attitudes with respect to peace and security and disarmament so as to support the achievement of the principles and purposes of the United Nations;
Such periodic elections of permanent members of the Security Council will, in the final analysis, ensure that the decisions of the Council are less subject to the strictly national interests of its various members. Annex XXII
This type of efficiency measure covers three main areas, namely, human resource management, finance and general administration.
Some countries have repealed antiquated laws dealing with the compulsory treatment of mentally ill patients.
Strengthening judicial institutions is a very important way in which the international community can help African countries to promote good governance.
In a move to enable the PA to benefit from the regional programme of UNDP for the Arab States, and at the request of UNDP, UNCTAD presented a proposal to the UNDP meeting held in Geneva on 17-18 March 1997 to discuss with national focal points the RBAS/UNDP regional project RAB/96/001 - “Support to the Arab States and the Palestinian Authority in their Pursuit of Economic and Social Reform and Multilateral Economic Cooperation”.
UNMOT has experienced burglaries at the team sites.
15. In contrast to the volatility of short-term borrowing and other domestic outflows, foreign direct investment (FDI) in developing countries increased in 1997.
77. On 22 January, IDF troops used smoke bombs and stun grenades to disperse dozens of Palestinian rioters who threw stones at an IDF tractor near Khan Younis.
2. At its opening meeting, the Expert Meeting elected the following offiicers to serve on its Bureau:
(a) Requests the Trade and Development Board of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development and the Joint Advisory Group on the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO to consider the proposals on new administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions; A/53/7/Add.3, para. 11.
(b) The SBSTA welcomed the activities of the secretariat, in co-operation with the University of Amsterdam (IVAM Environmental Research), to expand the survey of technology and technology information needs to all non-Annex I Parties, and requested the latter to co-operate with the secretariat in its completion.
19. In Japan, the legal and administrative framework governing the activities of cooperatives is set up according to different sectors (agriculture, consumer, etc.) and deals with labour unions and consumer cooperatives.
27. In the Philippines, a national workshop was held in May 1996, inter alia, to review, jointly with selected indigenous organizations and relevant government agencies, existing legislation and policies so as to identify areas for reform, and to devise mechanisms and strategies to enhance the participation of indigenous representatives in national decision-making.
After consultation among the respective Chairmen, the AGBM will start one day earlier than originally planned and compensatory time will be allocated to the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) and the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) on Tuesday, 5 August 1997.
46. Under UNFPA financial regulation 12.2 (a), the reserve is required to be held in irrevocable and promptly available liquid assets.
1 June to 31 December 1991 (resolution 45/269)
The member organizations of La Fédération internationale des associations de personnes agées (FIAPA) has undertaken a survey, entitled “Adolescents of yesterday and today”.
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment ForceA/52/768 and A/52/805. and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,A/52/860/Add.1.
Additional contributions to the Fund during the biennium have amounted to $2,398,936 ($1,370,543 in 1996 and $1,028,393 in 1997).
It is expected that this amount would be matched on a reasonable basis by interested donors.
They further recommended that performance standards be stated in terms of operational capability.
Staff member of the Editorial and Translation Division of the International Labour Office, Geneva, 1953-1955.
The Board recommends that the assessment procedures be documented to ensure transparency.
Those delegations proposed that the Committee adopt the mechanism of informal consultations at forthcoming sessions of the Committee.
Delegations are encouraged to request the formal inscription, at least 48 hours prior to the meeting, of specific items they would like to raise in the Committee, keeping in mind the detailed list of topics adopted by the Committee in 1982 (see document A/49/46, paragraph 5).
On 27 August 1998, government forces launched a two-day campaign involving mortars and artillery in and around the village of Senik.
B. Number of reports of States parties received and considered
The exhibition will be held from 1 December 1997 to 5 January 1998 in the First Basement of the General Assembly Building (at the "Viennese Cafe").
On that basis, the Council expressed its conviction that there must be thorough preparation for any Arab summit meeting if it was to succeed in helping to salvage the peace process.
5. The report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/25 and Corr.1) contains the preliminary financial performance report of MINUGUA for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1998, as requested by the Advisory Committee in its previous report (A/52/707, para. 22), to allow better monitoring of the resources appropriated for MINUGUA.
Report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
98. Some delegations were of the view that the final technical report on space debris should include conclusions.
Task forces on specific peace-building initiatives will also be established to ensure integrated action by the entire United Nations system, the chairmanship being decided on each occasion on a pragmatic basis.
Ministry officials also noted that the levels of reparation payments set by the courts had increased steadily.
1. All countries are affected by the devastating consequences of drug abuse and illicit trafficking: adverse effects on health; an upsurge in crime, violence and corruption; the draining of human, natural and financial resources that might otherwise be used for social and economic development; the destruction of individuals, families and communities; and the undermining of political, cultural, social and economic structures.
54. Other members felt that the debt-burden adjustment continued to be a necessary step in determining Member States’ capacity to pay.
17. On 14 February 1996, a “Trust fund to support the activities of UNDOF” was established for the purpose of providing additional support to the activities of the Force.
Independent reports assessing the effectiveness of humanitarian activities in Afghanistan, Angola and the Great Lakes region were prepared.
Inverter, rachet keys, bolt cutters and blades
11.6 It is however important to note that many of these additional contributions are tied to specific, highly focused projects and thereby pose the risk that UNEP’s agreed priorities may become distorted if the balance between the two types of funding (Environment Fund on the one hand, and earmarked external resources on the other hand) is not kept in check.
Among them, street children constitute an exceptionally vulnerable and neglected group.
Test run twice yearly, i.e. 1,000 tests at $13 each test
39. Taking advantage of intense media interest in the United Nations generated by the recent visit of the Secretary-General to Iraq, United Nations Television has continued to strengthen its relationship with broadcasters worldwide.
“(d) Managing the human resources of the Organization effectively;
59. Evaluations of MICIVIH programmes on human rights promotion were completed.
60. Mr. Joinet pointed out that the Commission on Human Rights regularly emphasized the need for effective cooperation between the various organs of the United Nations.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
However, in lieu of the Coffee Morning and Briefing, a briefing by Ms. Jill Sinclair, Director of the Non-Proliferation, Arms Control and Disarma-ment Division, Department of Foreign Affairs and International Trade of Canada, will take place on Friday, 7 November, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 8.
Teacher - St. Xavier's School, Jawalakhel, Lalitpur.
The reduced number of detained persons represents, for the first time, a positive development in the detention situation.
The difficult socio-economic situation, however, has resulted in a severe decline in the standard of living and an increase in the unemployment rate.
In 1996, the inhabitants of 465 Palestinian towns and villages in areas of the West Bank under Israeli control could not leave their places of residence as a result of the imposition of a complete internal closure of the West Bank.
The process of these consultative meetings started with the holding of one such meeting for Mongolia and its transit neighbours, namely China and the Russian Federation.
A subregional seminar for judiciary personnel from States in western Africa was held at Abidjan, from 23 to 26 April 1996, and national seminars were held for such personnel in Ghana, Namibia and Yemen.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/687);
255. The Committee recommends that legislative measures protecting women against all forms of violence, both public and private, be strengthened.
♦ Standards of treatment with regard to specific issues
The project is seeking funding from the World Bank.
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
Each agency appears to insist on evaluating “its” programme for reasons of accountability and visibility, even though joint evaluations could promote lesson learning, economize on scarce national resources, and focus attention on the relevant national concern or programmes.
Different approaches had been used to overcome the problem of non-portability, such as the one followed in the European Union and bilateral agreements which allowed total or partial portability of public health insurance.
9. Bearing in mind the restructuring of the political and economic sectors of the Secretariat, the following composition is now proposed for a high-level steering group on disarmament and development: the Under-Secretary-General for the Department for Disarmament Affairs; the Under-Secretary-General for the Department for Economic and Social Affairs; and the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme.
The second subgroup would deal with the social and humanitarian effects of sanctions, and would include representatives of the United Nations development programmes and specialized agencies concerned, such as UNDP, UNICEF, UNHCR, WFP, ILO, FAO, and WHO, as well as other relevant intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, as appropriate.
The situation of democracy and human rights in Haiti [44]:
Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations
3. As at 1 August 1998, a total of 161 States parties had ratified, acceded or succeeded to the Convention, of which 60 had acceded and six had succeeded to it.
1. Jamaica voted in favour of resolution 52/10, adopted by the General Assembly on 5 November 1997, and has consistently voted in favour of the resolutions entitled “Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States Against Cuba” since the first one was adopted by the General Assembly at its forty-sixth session in 1991.
Annex VI Proposed staffing table for the Civilian Police Support Group
At the Standing Committee meeting, the United Nations Administration indicated that it might not be possible to provide the Fund with additional office space within the main Secretariat building and that, if additional space were found, whether in the main Secretariat building or elsewhere, the intention would be to charge the Fund for any additional costs incurred by the United Nations, in terms of the costs of the actual additional space, moving and construction.
Maintenance of existing main supply routes to observations posts
21. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
Any alternative arrangements according to 6.6.1.2 shall be indicated on the certificate.
One of the unresolved problems in that regard was how surveillance could be made more symmetric so that it focused not just on the financial system of recipient countries, but also on financial institutions in the capital-exporting countries.
Other related activities undertaken by the Office and by the Department of Public Information are highlighted below, respectively in section III and IV.
In addition, the Russian Federation remitted payments of $65 million against assessments in arrears, which was paid to Member States to reduce the Organization’s past due obligations for troops and contingent-owned equipment.
52/9 Intra-Asia and Asia-Europe land bridges
(b) Establish or strengthen cooperation with associations of the chemical trade and industry, and with persons or companies engaged in any activity related to precursors, for example, through the establishment of guidelines or a code of conduct, to intensify efforts aimed at controlling such substances.
139. The remedies for damage resulting from violations of economic, social and cultural rights will vary according to whether the rights violated are collective or individual.
The Board considers that the budget control mechanism at the section level needs further refinement.
First of all, this relates to the fundamental issue of availability of personnel with requisite experience and knowledge of United Nations policies and procedures.
134. These forums gave academics, policy makers and the general public an opportunity to learn about the University’s latest research findings.
African Women Leaders Panel, Fourth World Conference on Women, Beijing, 1995. Indira RANA
23. UNHCR has conducted an analysis of the available data and the results show that approximately 90 per cent of the unrecorded assets are in 13 countries.
Vents or pipes from the pressure-relief device outlets, when used, shall deliver the relieved vapour or liquid to the atmosphere in conditions of minimum back-pressure on the relieving devices.
UNDCP will carry this work forward in concert with a network of collaborating institutions and outside experts.
Israel believes that this process is the only way to achieve historic reconciliation and lasting peace between the two sides.
(ii) A revised version of the Commentary to the Model Law, taking into account new legislative developments in the field of competition; and
1. Previous recommendations not fully implemented
5. Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirtieth session: report of the Sixth Committee (A/52/649) [148].
In respect of the Committee's recommendation that Mr. Polay Campos be retried in compliance with the requirements of fair trial set forth in the Covenant, the State party submits that a sentence can be reviewed by an extraordinary appeal measure, the recourse of revision foreseen in article 361 of the Code of Criminal Procedure.
Actual expenditure for 1998 was expected to be less than the amount budgeted owing to austerity and other cost reduction measures taken in response to funding shortfalls.
Regret was expressed that the report focused solely on the cost-effectiveness of the publications and did not address the issue of late submission of documentation to the intergovernmental bodies, which impacted on the effectiveness of their work.
Single compartment portable tanks with a length less than 3.65 m need not have closed off forklift pockets provided that:
The ICSC secretariat has also proposed to the Commission that the additional flat rate may be adjusted on the same date and by the same percentage as the normal flat rate.
5. Decides that, in order for the permanent secretariat to enjoy the administrative and financial autonomy necessary to ensure efficient servicing of the Convention and of its implementation, it should not be fully integrated into the work programme and management structure of any particular department or programme of the United Nations;
Country-specific commitments are specified below.
Packing and marking of the goods and trucks also complied with general European standards for such chemicals, as listed in the International Register of Potentially Toxic Chemicals.
FAO is currently engaged in supporting the Presidential Commission on Land Reform in Malawi and in assisting Zimbabwe to write a land policy that will lead to a more equitable distribution of agricultural land.
It was informed that more than 100 Palestinian prisoners were isolated two to a cell of 2 square metres that included a toilet and that their basic rights were not respected.
As requested by the Advisory Committee, the report covers a period of three years, from 1 January 1993 to 31 December 1995.
Take note of the specific industrial development problems raised by the individual least developed country delegations and recommend the following action programme for the biennium 1998-1999 in full partnership with UNIDO:
Mine-clearing is conducted by both battalions under the operational control of UNDOF headquarters.
Judea and Samaria (West Bank) police spokesman Opher Silvan stated that the police would seek arrest warrants for those who had failed to report for questioning.
The new parties include members from the Guarantor of the Voice of Burundi (Inkinzo), Intwaru, the Party for People’s Reconciliation (PRP), the People’s Party (PP), the Rally for Democracy and Economic and Social Development (Raddes), the Social Democratic Party (PSD) and the Worker’s Independent Party (PIT).
Provision of $29,700 is made for requirements for data-processing equipment such as: (a) the upgrade of existing and obsolete computers; (b) accessories such as modems, network cards, graphic cards and peripherals; and (c) software licence upgrade;
Report of the Executive Secretary of the Governing CouncilPreviously issued as S/AC.26/1996/R.32.
(h) United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF):
In the mid 1970s, the WMO Research and Monitoring Project on Atmospheric Carbon Dioxide was initiated whose objectives were to strengthen long-term monitoring for better trend determination, to predict its concentration through the next century, and to assess its possible effects on the climate.
An asset is a resource controlled by an enterprise as a result of past events and from which future economic benefits are expected to flow to the enterprise.
III. STATUS OF IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS ADOPTED BY MEETINGS OF SUBSIDIARY BODIES 12-14 6
This is exactly what the information centres have been doing and doing well.
It has also helped government, business and civil society sectors (Albania, Georgia, Latvia, Nicaragua, United Republic of Tanzania, Ukraine and Uganda) to develop programmes to combat corruption and promote ethical behavior in public life.
It also undertook field assessments of the humanitarian impact of sanctions (the Sudan and Burundi) in 1997.
The Committee welcomes police training by non-governmental organizations, and notes the efforts undertaken by Zimbabwe to integrate human rights education in the school curricula.
The decision to use the appropriation under the external printing was based on the premise that there were savings under the external printing during the previous bienniums owing, to some extent, to the underutilization of funds since substantial work on the Repertory was not completed.
83. The Committee noted that Malaysia and its neighbouring countries had recently experienced severe haze episodes caused by uncontrollable peat and forest fires brought on by extreme drought and that data from the SPOT (France) and NOAA/AVHRR (United States) satellites had been used to determine and monitor the burning areas.
20. There is a great need for properly functioning, cost-effective and integrated primary health care facilities.
This element shall be payable at the level of the hardship classification of the duty station for the duration of the staff member's assignment. Non-removal element
205. The Committee recommends that legislative measures be undertaken to ensure that national legislation conforms with the provisions of articles 37 and 40 of the Convention, including establishing a minimum age of criminal responsibility.
As in the Japanese system, these consultations are basically of two types: functional and sectoral.
Increasingly, such attacks have become the objective of armed conflict, rather than an unfortunate by-product.
The General Assembly takes note of chapters I, III, V, VI, VIII (sections A, C and I) and X of the report of the Economic and Social Council.
The Urban Management Programme conducted an analysis of the situation of street children and shelter in Eastern and Southern Africa.
Without a payment by the major contributor that offsets the shortfall in 1995, the United Nations will be in a deficit regular budget cash position at the end of each future year.
There are several products and sectors where tariffs are particularly high and where trade has stagnated or even regressed between 1990 and 1996, sometimes contrary to the general trend of rapid growth of overall import demand.
41. In France, the National Committee for Human Rights Education presented a report on the civic and human rights education curricula at the secondary school level, which illustrates the pedagogical objectives, the contents and reference materials for such courses.
The issue now for these countries would be to determine the optimal path to follow in order to continue competition-promoting reforms.
The Board recommends that the Administration establish the ECA and ESCAP conference centres of ECA and ESCAP as separate cost centres and that all costs associated with their operation be apportioned to them for more accurate determination of their profitability.
Conclusion of effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons: report of the First Committee (A/52/598) [69]
In view of the request for two helicopters for medical evacuation, the Committee enquired as to the need for the light fixed-wing aircraft to perform the same functions.
35. The authorities have recently begun to implement the same policy pursued in Cibitoke, dismantling the larger sites on the RN9 road and moving people to new, smaller sites grouped around advanced military posts.
6. At the 28th meeting, on 12 November, the representative of Egypt introduced a draft resolution entitled “Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization” (A/C.6/53/L.6/Rev.1).
In that light, the Secretary-General would recommend to ACC the participation of the Rector of the University in the relevant discussions in ACC.
Plans to install a dedicated commercial line between the Logistics Base and the San Pancrazio site were cancelled, and there were no charges to the Logistics Base for use of the satellite transponder, as costs were borne by the peacekeeping operations.
18. At the same meeting, on the proposal of the President, the Council decided to waive rule 54 of its rules of procedure and then adopted draft decision E/1998/L.45.
9. Progress in the implementation of the memorandum of understanding on legal assistance between the entities, signed on 20 May 1998, was made in connection with two ongoing war crimes trials taking place in the Federation.
179. Pursuant to its decision 1997/321 of 18 December 1997, the Council, at its 3rd and 5th meetings, on 6 February and 7 May 1998, considered four draft decisions, recommended for adoption by the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights at its sixteenth session.
Focus groups and interviews with managers and staff are used to assess organization-wide requirements in individual programme areas.
182. On 15 December, the IDF demolished two houses and sealed two more in the village of Azira Shamalya where relatives of suspected suicide bombers lived.
4. As mandated by the General Assembly, two separate trust funds should be established early to fund the expenditures of Habitat II and necessary corrections to the accounts should be carried out.
(f) Systems contract for the repair, maintenance and preservation of audio and video equipment held in long-term storage ($25,000).
Transfer of funds back to the accounts of States that provided the original funds to the escrow account has been initiated.
The satellite weighs about 500 kg and will be operated on a sun-synchronous orbit at an altitude of 685 km.
While noting the measures adopted recently to provide assistance to women victims of violence and forced prostitution and to prosecute persons involved in procuring, the Committee is extremely concerned about the extent of these problems.
29. In UNTAC, stolen mission property could be seen for sale in local shops.
324. The Committee welcomes the many important initiatives and measures undertaken in different areas by the Dirección General in a short period of time and commends it for its ongoing work on a number of legislative drafts aimed at repealing or revising discriminatory laws and provisions.
Additionally, Governments and civil society organizations could be urged to co-sponsor and co-fund such symposia.
At 2355 hours the client militia fired an illumination flare over Mansuri from its position on Hardhun hill.
(b) Progressively reduce subsidies of fossil fuels and reduce/remove such subsidies, tax schemes and regulations which counteract an efficient use of energy;
Vice-Chairmen: Mrs. Sharon Brennen-Haylock (Bahamas)
This action consists of helping national authorities to develop medium-term policies and development strategies for sustainable human development and, in particular, the formulation of a national poverty reduction strategy.
To enhance the level of climate change abatement cooperation, these Parties shall cooperate to establish internationally coordinated cross-sectoral, cost-effective policy instruments, and abolish subsidies that run counter to the objectives of the Convention.
It may also be noted that there is general agreement on what types of violations of international law can be regarded as international crimes only in respect of certain types of such crimes (aggression and genocide, for example).
Each agency took the lead for certain of these country missions, but all were heavily involved in each.
Problems of information-gathering relating to RBPs originating overseas have been experienced by some countries.
— Designation of Permanent Secretariat: location of the Permanent Secretariat
(iii) Travel of the aviation specialist and safety specialist from New York to the mission area ($6,100) and of an aviation specialist for training at ICAO ($4,500) for a total cost of $10,600;
19. Since the mid-term review, certain African countries have encouraged privatization as an instrument of resource mobilization, while others have created a more enabling environment for attracting FDI.
Furthermore, the National Human Rights Commission analysed whether the Mexican law complies with international agreements on women’s and children’s rights and proposed amendments thereon to the current law.
It is also necessary in order to avoid the risk of “bureaucratic capture” by large firms or enterprises with strong political connections.
of the Republic of Serbia to the President of the International Committee of the Red Cross
“NOTE: When consigning an organic peroxide in an IBC in accordance with the following provisions, it is the responsibility of the consignor to ensure that:
The Committee noted that normally the Assembly would not make decisions on the methodology for the next scale of assessments before 1999 and decided to consider a number of issues further at its fifty-ninth session, with a view to making a consolidated set of recommendations to the Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.
Our objective, as part of the new orientation, will be to improve the facilities for their activities at the United Nations on a continuous basis.
III. Review of progress made and future plans A/53/413
Taking note of the declaration issued on 9 June 1998 by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Brazil, Egypt, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Slovenia, South Africa and Sweden, entitled “Towards a nuclear-weapon-free world: the need for a new agenda”, A/53/138, annex. supported and responded to by a number of States including some members of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries,
This was due in part to the difficulties in identifying, locating and disposing of non-expendable equipment, the considerable volume of claims received against the United Nations and outstanding legal matters.
In 1998, the amount was Lux F 15 million to ICRC, Lux F 5 million to UNICEF, and Lux F 5 million to UNOCHA.
The recommendation was implemented in March 1998 at the time of closing 1996–1997 accounts.
Horizontal (or functional) subsidiarity would help define a new division of labour in providing support services between the Government (i.e. the administration, as well as government agencies and institutions), civil society, including non-profit organizations, foundations, membership organizations and other NGOs, and individual enterprises, including their self-help organizations.
The provision of $122,400 was based on the estimated monthly cost of $10,200 for spare parts, supplies and maintenance of UNSMIH- and contingent-owned communications equipment.
I enquired whether there was any money available for travel expenses in the United Nations budget, as the inviting Governments only provided for accommodation and food inside their own countries.
In the view of some of these experts, JI was a supplementary tool in the context of the UNFCCC and the design of JI schemes should give full attention to the promotion of technology transfer in accordance with priorities of the host country.
Reiterating that, despite the existence of an already established body of principles and norms, there is a need to make further efforts to improve the situation and to guarantee respect for the human rights and dignity of all migrant workers and members of their families,
It is noted with appreciation that the judiciary has begun to treat offences concerning trafficking of women and others for the purpose of prostitution as acts which can be assimilated to slavery and contrary to international and national law.
At the invitation of the Chairman of the AGBM, Mr. Suphavit Piamphongsant, the Vice-Chairman of the AGBM, chaired the informal round table on new proposals from Parties on 3 March.
(c) The economic recovery and development of Africa;
Question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters [59]:
138. The Assembly may also wish to call for continued efforts to foster cooperation and dialogue among relevant institutions, particularly at country level, in the assessment of country situations, and support to the implementation of national policies and in providing development assistance.
Report of the Secretary-General on the question of enforced or involuntary disappearances (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.46)
Provision is made for the cost of external audit services.
Two new thermal power plants are under construction, which are much more efficient than the older ones.
It will be useful to look ahead to the programme and structure of the work of the next and final session of the AGBM in the light of the progress made at the seventh session.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
They thus forego the benefits of either specializing in profitable crops or diversifying into non-traditional areas.
– General agreement on a comprehensive reform package is unlikely to be achieved without an understanding on the future scope and application of the veto;
Expenditures chargeable to the United Nations Office for Project Services account are related to the Office’s administrative budget, as approved by the Executive Board, and are incurred provided sufficient amounts are available in the Office’s income so that the self-financing principle is maintained.
The United Kingdom’s legal position was based on its contention that the decision to terminate the locally employed civilians had been made by the United Nations.
210. The Commission noted that a specific and detailed proposal for the preparation of a convention had been submitted by a delegation to the Working Group for consideration at a future session (A/CN.9/WG.IV/WP.77).
31. An increase in public investment is not only possible but necessary. It will be recalled that Guatemala has in the past registered positive economic growth rates, without this having brought about either a substantive improvement in social and economic conditions or adequate institution-building.
The Office of the High Commissioner and other components of the United Nations system should provide assistance, upon request and within their respective mandates, to Governments in the process of ratifying such instruments and the preparation of initial reports.
In this connection, two posts at the General Service level funded from the support account were transferred to the new service.
Workers and their families who are affected by job instability or insecurity are extremely vulnerable.
The C-130 violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the area of Mesaoria and landing afterwards at the illegal airport of Lefkoniko, in the occupied area of the Republic, before taking off at 1350 hours on the same day, returning back to the Ankara FIR.
Introduction and consideration of draft resolutions submitted on all disarmament and international security agenda items
Upon inquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that the overexpenditure of $48,400 under section 32 was due to insufficient provisions for staff assessment relative to provisions for salaries.
In its report on the accounts for the biennium 1994-1995, the Board had recommended early resolution of the issue in view of the age of the balances and the amortization of the principal amount of the United Nations bonds.
It is a requirement of international law that an assailant apologize for his crime and compensate the victim.
In order to increase processing and storage capacity for the field mission logistic system, three additional file servers ($75,000) and three linear backup tape drives ($24,000) are required.
The Committee should also recommend to the Secretary-General that revision of existing incentives, including promotion, be considered with a view to enhancing the mobility of language staff.
(a) United Nations Disarmament Information Programme;
The Trust Fund for Afghanistan, which is overseen by the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat, as well as the UNDP trust funds, support mature mine-action programmes which will need to be sustained on a long-term basis.
In order to ensure that CLOUT became a system covering in a comprehensive way all case law available on UNCITRAL texts, the Commission urged the States that had not yet appointed a national correspondent to do so.
Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance of the United Nations, including special economic assistance
After two years of negotiations, the draft text of a legally binding instrument prescribing prior informed consent of such trading was concluded in March 1998.
The SBI agreed to begin the review process on the basis of guidelines which specify objectives, a methodology and criteria, and invited Parties to submit views on their experience regarding the financial mechanism by 15 May 1997.
Freight charges for equipment required for two base camps.
Bahrain, Russian Federation, Saudi Arabia.
The Governing Council also approved the report and recommendations of the Panel of Commissioners appointed to review the well blowout control claim put forward by the Kuwait Oil Company for the cost of extinguishing oil well fires (S/AC.26/1996/5 and S/AC.26/1996/5/Annex).
Firstly, there are no plans for the conversion of the said monastery into a hotel.
(a) Arrange for interpretation at the session;
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
At its 4th meeting on 30 July, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI took note of the information provided by the secretariat.
Requirements in regard to public awareness, in an estimated amount of USD 47,800, are further expected to arise in 1999 in respect of consultancies (USD 18,000 for an editor), temporary assistance (USD 18,800), supplies and materials (USD 5,000) and freight and courier postage (USD 6,000).
Both the status of permanent member and the identification by name of the States parties to the Charter which enjoy such status were determined by the signing of the Charter, which was officially concluded by the plenipotentiaries to the 1945 San Francisco conference.
National authorities, in cooperation with UNDCP and the Board, should consider further research on such matters as: scheduling and rescheduling of ATS precursor chemicals (see paragraphs 41 and 42 below); and the possibility of punishing, as a criminal offence in the sense of article 3 of the 1988 Convention, the diversion of non-scheduled chemical substances knowingly used in the illicit manufacture of ATS (see paragraph 45 below).
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY OF THE UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS
b) a set of data called a baseline that serves as the starting point for evaluating subsequent trends in an indicator or issue.
Major improvements and extensions to existing buildings are reflected in the construction-in-progress fund and are capitalized when the projects are completed.
37. With respect to national execution, the Committee, however, is not convinced that a complete exercise has been carried out to determine an appropriate rate of reimbursement for support costs incurred by UNDCP.
The offices away from Headquarters should make the existing legacy payroll systems year 2000 compliant as a contingency measure in the event that the IMIS payroll system is not implemented in 1999.
In the context of the forthcoming World Conference on Racism and Xenophobia, meetings of this kind should be organized at the subregional and regional levels in other parts of the world.
5. Requests the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as coordinator for the International Decade of the World’s Indigenous People:
By 1992, the top 5 per cent were getting an estimated 18 per cent, a share that in recent years has become substantially larger, as that of those in the poorest brackets has been diminishing.
Statements were made by the representatives of Portugal and Indonesia (see A/AC.109/SR.1487).
Over the years it has sent over 10,000 experts to train technicians all over the world, especially in Asia, the South Pacific, Latin America and Africa, to help develop their agricultural, fishery and livestock industries.
Restrictions on movement of health personnel may arise in connection with economic needs test requirements, discriminatory licensing, accreditation, recognition of foreign professional qualifications, nationality and residency requirements, state and provincial requirements, immigration regulations, access to examinations for completion of qualifications, foreign exchange controls affecting the repatriation of earnings, and discriminatory regulation of fees and expenses.
337. It was stated that the aim of publications was to fulfil an identifiable need and that they should therefore be demand-driven, cost-effective and not duplicate publications produced either inside or outside of the Organization.
At present, no international exchange of hydrochlorofluorocarbon (HCFC) production quotas is permitted under the Protocol.
There are large differences among the least developed countries in this respect.
Rm1 = guaranteed minimum tensile strength (in N/mm2) of the metal to be used (see 6.6.4.3.3);
Letter dated 2 September 1998 from Mr. Rauf R. Denktaş
The Committee notes that in the period under review, two States parties (Ecuador and the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya) whose reports had been listed for consideration at the sixty-second and sixty-third sessions respectively had notified the Committee a short time before the session that they could not take part in it.
(d) The outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly: the Political Declaration (resolution S-20/2 of 10 June 1998), the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction (resolution S-20/3 of 10 June 1998) and Measures to enhance international cooperation to counter the world drug problem (resolution S-20/4 of 10 June 1998).
422. The Committee welcomes the opportunity to resume the dialogue with Nepal after a lapse of 11 years.
The will to restrict to only medical and scientific uses appeared to be weakening in some countries, and the proliferation of radically liberal attitudes and legitimization of non-medical use of drugs under the umbrella of harm minimization was not justifiable.
A senior officer has been appointed as a focal point within the Executive Office of the Secretary-General and moreover, the Secretary-General has been represented at all recent sessions of the UNITAR Board of Trustees.
In addition, local governments and those individual institutions that have lost some Government support should be put in a position to generate the revenue required to meet the needs of their constituencies as well as to cover shortfalls resulting from budget cuts.
For Israel, the peace process is not a temporary truce, but an irreversible commitment to reach a permanent reconciliation with the Palestinian people and the Arab world.
In addition, the level of contributions from donors to humanitarian assistance programmes has noticeably declined, with some notable exceptions.
2. The information on those topics submitted by Member States as at 31 October 1997 is contained in document A/AC.105/679 and the information submitted as at 15 January 1998 is contained in document A/AC.105/679/Add.1.
(c) Draft guiding principles for international negotiations.
Provision of $13,900 is made for third-party liability insurance coverage based on a monthly rate of $290 per helicopter.
6. Measures adopted by Member States to address trafficking in women and girls were described in the report of the Secretary-General on this subject submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session in 1997 (A/52/355).
Suggestions were made for internationalization of efforts to face the tremendous needs for research and development in this area.
It points out that resources already available at Headquarters, including those financed from the support account, can be called upon to provide the services envisaged in the case at hand.
65. Southern NGOs are particularly important partners of FAO, because of their knowledge of local situations and the services they provide to needy farmers and rural communities.
17. Commends the Economic and Social Council for its debate and resolution on this issue and requests it to continue to consider, in consultation with the Special Committee, appropriate measures for coordination of the policies and activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system in implementing the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly;
6. The Board welcomes the adoption of a more systematic approach to assessing country needs, and will review the outcome in due course.
The Committee encourages the State party to take all appropriate measures to protect children against sexual exploitation.
– Note by the President of the Security Council dated 29 March 1995 (S/1995/234);
1. Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments: appointment of a member of the Joint Inspection Unit: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/110) [17 (j)].
It was noted by several delegations that the role of the centres differed depending upon the specific needs of the country in which they were located. A number of delegations expressed their concern about the cutting back of resources to the centres and were of the view that sufficient funding must be provided to allow them – in particular those located in countries where local media were less developed – to perform their functions.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of this letter and its annex circulated as a General Assembly document under item 113 of the provisional agenda.
292. Concern is expressed over the limited educational facilities in the villages of ethnic Vietnamese, the lack of legislation authorizing the establishment of schools for them and the obstacles to their children learning the Khmer language.
The cost estimates for the maintenance of UNSMIH from 1 to 31 July 1997 and the related repatriation costs, as well as for the maintenance of UNTMIH from 1 August to 30 November 1997 contained in document A/52/512 remain unchanged.
Governments should identify ways and means to promote the participation of small and medium-size enterprises and small farms therein, such as export credits and trade finance.
Against the provision of $5,000 per month for generator fuel (electricity) and $2,550 per month for butane (cooking) gas, actual average requirements were $2,690 and $770 per month, respectively.
Even prior to the end of the conflict, there is a need for a clear assessment of key post-conflict peace-building needs and of ways to meet them.
Additionally, the Council extended the mandate of UNPREDEP.
In addition to the needs of hospitals and clinics, other beneficiaries requiring the disinfectant were identified, including some 560,000 refugees and displaced persons in Serbia, 80,000 in Montenegro and about 520,000 in eastern Bosnia, who for logistical reasons depended on supplies shipped through Belgrade.
With weak internal controls and limited audit coverage, many things could go wrong without detection by either management or the Supreme Audit Institution.
Special attention shall be given to archives relating to places of detention, in particular when the existence of such places was not officially recognized;
4 (XL) Pilot maritime drug law enforcement project of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme
Should requests for financing remain at this level in 1999, contributions in the amount of approximately $6 million would have to be paid before May 1999 in order to fully meet such requests.
34. OIOS reiterates that, as the fees paid to plan administrators depend on the number or amount of claims they process, the Organization should, by any means, verify the accuracy and reasonableness of these charges.
. This represents USD47 billion or a 20 percent increase from 1995 and a 184 percent increase since 1990.
7. Requests the Secretary-General to continue his work on the elaboration of training manuals for law enforcement and judicial personnel on action against transnational organized crime;
351. The Committee recommended that recommendations 3, 7, 8, 11 to 13, 17 and 18 be considered by the relevant bodies dealing with administrative and budgetary questions before the General Assembly takes a final decision on these recommendations.
The Assembly recognized that institutional arrangements for the convention secretariats should provide effective support and efficient services, while ensuring the appropriate autonomy necessary for them to be efficient at their respective locations.
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).
76. No provision is required under this heading.
31. Construction/prefabricated buildings.
The Committee also recommends that the Government facilitate access to credit for rural women.
The Executive Secretary made a statement in which he noted that this was the first meeting in Bonn, and that the secretariat had now assumed the responsibilities of setting up and managing conference facilities.
Operational activities for development [99]
An Israeli flag was spread at the entrance to the exhibition hall, forcing the visitors to tread on it.
IPTF was strengthened by 336 police, from 1,721 to 2,057.
The resident coordinator is to keep the representative informed about relevant United Nations work and initiatives, continues to coordinate United Nations operational activities for development, and will provide continuity once the mandate of the office has ended.
Foreign aid amounted to more than 72 per cent of GDP in 1996 – twice the Sub-Saharan Africa average.
19. To overcome this obstacle, democratic society develops dialogue and communication among its members and between them and the outside world.
Delegations are urged to use these facilities fully by starting all meetings promptly at the scheduled time.
Office of Communications and Information production costs
83. Planning and monitoring of programme outputs should be improved by identifying more formally the timing and resource requirements for the various outputs.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.11 and draft decision A/C.1/53/L.65
However, a political solution still remains elusive.
(a) Specialized agencies of the United Nations system
41. On 22 April, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, stated that there was concern that the current impasse in the peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians could lead to further violence in the region.
23. The programme of technical cooperation in public administration of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat has a large financial management dimension.
Owner’s registration number Pressure vessel code to which the tank is designed
II. Annotations to the provisional agenda
The fact that the transport sector is the fastest growing source of CO2 emissions, the figure for 1996 being 35 per cent higher than that for 1990, is partly explained by the growth in the number of new cars purchased (with no signs of saturation yet) and partly by the increased transit traffic of heavy trucks.
The declining importance of primary commodities in world trade appears to foreshadow a continuation of the long-term erosion in the prices of primary commodities relative to those of manufactured goods.
It noted further that the mortality assumptions included a modest projection of future decreases in mortality rates.
11. Human rights constitute an indivisible whole reflecting the unity and uniqueness of the human being.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
8. Commends the efforts of the Commissioner-General to move towards budgetary transparency and internal efficiency, and hopes that such moves will continue;
Overall, 2,000 participants have been drawn into these events from the United Nations Secretariat, the permanent missions, non-governmental organizations and academic institutions.
To attain the communications goals set by the Secretary-General, and drawing on recommendations of the Task Force, I am examining very carefully the recommendations regarding the establishment of regional hubs.
1. Voting, except for elections, shall normally be by show of hands.
In addition, the Agency offered a discussion of prioritization of its activities at the informal meeting held on 28 May 1998, in the context of the partnership approach that the Agency had been advocating.
Launched in October 1993 following the signing of the Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements, PIP aimed to demonstrate the tangible benefits of the peace process through a comprehensive initiative to develop infrastructure, improve living conditions and create employment opportunities in refugee communities Agency-wide.
UNFICYP United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus
Such countries, while not having a large problem by world standards, still required assistance and support in order to control problems associated with drug trafficking and money-laundering.
Furthermore, the Committee recommends that the State party review its legislation on the age of marriage for girls in the light of the principles and provisions of the Convention, notably those of its articles 2, 3 and 24, with a view to raising it and ensuring the same age for girls and boys.
12. The United Nations system was represented as follows:
This stock of information and experience accumulated by Member States and United Nations organs points up the need to accord the highest priority to combating the circulation of and illicit traffic in small arms.
Moreover, FAO was also developing a planning, budgeting and monitoring system based on the same commercial software package and with many features similar to those of the ILO monitoring, evaluation and reporting system.
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention and its implementation and monitoring within the Government and the general public, including concerned non-governmental organizations.
Instruct the secretariat, in the absence of a further decision by the General Council being required, to inform the General Council of the amount transferred from the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and any adjustments made in accordance with annex 1 to the present decision.
In personnel management, the audit disclosed that the staff shortages faced by the Identification Commission could be overcome by suitable retraining and redeployment of staff of the Mission.
The former also attached material and documents collected by the Laka Foundation and a number of other organizations and researchers.
17. At its forty-second session (1993), the Committee noted the conclusion adopted by the fourth meeting of persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies that:
70. UNCTAD - Meeting of Experts within the framework of the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
As from Thursday, 4 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
At the subregional level, mechanisms for controlled delivery operations and sharing intelligence will be set up, and coordination of control measures on the Khorog-Osh road (Tajikistan, Kyrgyzstan and Uzbekistan) ensured.
The Service executed a number of initiatives and improvements, despite a lack of financial and operational support.
of the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan to the United Nations
The Committee further notes that insufficient attention has been paid in practice as well as in the legislation to the principles of the best interests of the child, respect for the child's views and the child's participation in family, social and school life.
The problem faced by the United Nations in this area, as in so many others, is that of insufficient resources.
18. The representative of China observed that the Committee had been operating for decades in a highly efficient manner and by consensus.
The value of non-expendable property is recorded in memoranda accounts, and is disclosed in notes to the financial statements;
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Many countries simply do not have a national drug abuse data collection system, while others may have statistical systems or registries on which indirect indicators could be based but lack sufficient coordination to be able to form a consistent picture of the drug abuse situation.
We are deeply concerned at the persistent reluctance of the nuclear-weapon States to approach their Treaty obligations as an urgent commitment to the total elimination of their nuclear weapons.
"We are prepared to embark on face-to-face negotiations in 1997 once the ground has been sufficiently prepared to ensure success.
Forum on the role of NGOs in private enterprise development.
13. The following pledges were outstanding as at 1 July 1998:
(f) There were weaknesses in the programme management both under the trust funds and the environment fund, such as commencement of projects before their acceptance and/or approval, non-receipt or delay in receipt of quarterly expenditure statements and half-yearly progress reports, delay in receipt of terminal reports and self-evaluation fact sheets and delay in closure of the projects.
170. In the light of article 2 of the Convention, the Committee also recommends that the State party take all necessary measures to reduce the drop-out rate of girls in rural and urban areas and to prevent their involvement in child labour or prostitution, and to reinforce the access to basic services (health, education and social care) for children in rural areas and for disabled children throughout the country.
Third, national courts can replace the management of a firm and can seize its assets; those sanctions cannot and should not be applied to sovereign Governments.
In paragraph 5 of the same section, the Assembly further requested the Secretary-General to revise the assessment form on consultants to make it more detailed and more clearly indicative of the quality of the consultant’s work and his or her ability to undertake future assignments.
Member of delegations, representatives of non-governmental organizations, the media and Secretariat staff are invited to attend.
1963-1966: Baccalauréat (Secondary school leaving certificate).
2. Environment and sustainable development [98] (A/52/25, A/52/112, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/52/318, A/ 52/347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/514-S/1997/ 815)
All reports indicate that children are recruited for war activities, just as they were in the 1996 rebellion.
11. Another major constraint is the heavy debt burden.
Accounts receivable included the following (in United States dollars):
299. On 7 January, the Government approved the construction of 575 housing units in the Efrat settlement.
40. While the Bretton Woods institutions are unable to attach conditions related to the level of military expenditure to their loans, some member Governments have considered attaching such conditions to their own loan agenda and may include issues such as the degree of transparency on military spending into their own decisions on whether to vote in favour of a particular loan from an interregional institution.
The United Nations Centre for Human Settlements reported an increasing involvement in programmes involving the reconstruction of physical infrastructure and services; promoting improved governance, especially at local levels; and restoring community institutions.
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer
Such arrangements do exist in varying degrees in the different regions and subregions, but they are generally organized on an ad hoc basis to defuse conflicts in cases of crisis.
1312. The Committee is concerned at the fact that the State party does not appear to have taken fully into account the provisions of the Convention, especially its general principles as contained in articles 2 (non-discrimination), 3 (best interests of the child), 6 (right to life, survival and development) and 12 (respect for the views of the child), in its legislation, its administrative and judicial decisions, and in its policies and programmes relevant to children.
Furthermore, it is expected that in Bolivia, Colombia and Peru, national alternative development agencies will be in place capable of coordinating and channelling effectively all relevant national and international resources aimed at creating the conditions for the elimination of coca crops, wherever these are illicit or known to feed the cocaine industry.
Furthermore, there is no right of appeal.
An assessment should also be made of the economic potential of developing the Semipalatinsk airport.
Hague Conference on Private International Law
A high volume of such cases diminishes the impact of a truly exceptional circumstance.
Document: Reports of the Secretary-General (resolution 51/198 B), A/53/421; and (resolution 52/175), A/53/288.
The programmes thus elaborated are based on a comprehensive situation assessment, including the national legislative and institutional situation and capacities.
Half of the families in Gaza had to borrow money in order to buy food.
It noted that the Trust Fund for supplementary activities could be utilized to support the participation of additional experts from eligible Parties.
2. The Board endorsed the approach set out in TD/B/43/CRP.4, under which the Secretary-General of UNCTAD would review the report of the secretariat task force on publications, to be completed by March 1997, and subsequently report to the Board.
ANNEX IX Letter from the Chairperson of the Committee to the Chairman of the International Law Commission and Special Rapporteur On Treaty
8. Establishment of an international criminal court (D.153).
(b) The contracts with the Fund's custodians should be reviewed with a view to providing adequate insurance coverage for the Fund's assets held by the custodians or under their control (para. 26);
“...that Member States establish a Revolving Credit Fund, initially capitalized at a level of up to $1 billion through voluntary contributions or any other means of financing that Member States may wish to suggest.
The status of the 823 communications registered for consideration by the Human Rights Committee thus far is as follows:
134. Since 1996, FAO field offices in affected areas have been requested to regularly provide information on the local situation as regards landmines and its impact on the agricultural sector.
The General Assembly requested the Board of Auditors to undertake special studies and follow up on previous recommendations and to report to the Assembly accordingly.
12. More than three decades after African countries gained their independence, there is a growing recognition among Africans themselves that the continent must look beyond its colonial past for the causes of current conflicts.
The constraints on domestic policies in individual member States should be taken into account in international negotiations.
It includes chiefly the development of the European pre-operational system (GNSS-1) in Europe.
The Secretary-General was represented at the Conference by the Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs.
For example, the interactive multimedia exhibit, “Summitry works: words into action”, was produced for the World Summit for Social Development at Copenhagen and the Fourth World Conference on Women at Beijing.
41. The Special Representative expressed the hope that the work of the Committee would be serious and reiterated his commitment to assist the Government’s efforts, through the Committee, to investigate past human rights violations, to undertake a reform of the judiciary and to draft a law establishing an independent permanent National Human Rights Commission.
Nevertheless, the ultimate impact of the programme could only be monitored over the medium to long term, in comparison with data collected through benchmark surveys.
Consequently, an additional amount of $1,980,200 yet to be recorded will be required to meet troop reimbursement costs, resulting in an actual unutilized balance of $2,093,900, as compared to $4,074,100 reported in the financial statement.
Village chiefs, group chiefs or other local party officials went from house to house collecting registration cards.
2. The provisions of paragraph 1 should not be regarded as detracting from the right of States to establish, in conformity with the norms of international law currently in force, lawful restrictions of human rights, especially in connection with the declaration of states of emergency or war.
Similarly, of the total 3,246 cash receipt vouchers issued, some 2,128 pertained to peacekeeping operations, representing 65.6 per cent of all the cash receipt vouchers issued.
This includes providing the necessary resources and shore-based support.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/38 B), A/53/334.
VI. Functional titles and job descriptions of additional international staff
The Conference of the Parties should endeavour not to hold such a session at a time which would make the attendance of a significant number of delegations difficult.
The resources provided to us in the 1998–1999 programme budget are limited.
267. In the sphere of political decision-making, the representative noted that even though there were no legal barriers to women’s participation, it remained low because of traditional attitudes.
Additionally, household food security support is also extended to female-headed households, most of whom have been displaced by the conflict.
Each Annex I Party could share the burden regarding emission reduction according to its capability, so that Parties with the same capabilities would share equal emission reduction burdens.
(a) For the purposes of this principle, archives containing names shall be understood to be those archives containing information that make it possible, in any way whatsoever, directly or indirectly, to identify the individuals to whom they relate, regardless of whether such archives are on paper or in computer files.
He has dissolved Nigeria’s five State-sanctioned political parties and cancelled the elections held under General Abacha.
E. Ratification, acceptance, approval or accession 47 20
Training secretaries in filing techniques and bookkeeping.
Voluntary contributions receivable from Member Statesd
While recognizing their importance, the Expert Meeting will deal with the specific issues of information systems and technologies.
(a2)* With the intent to cause death or serious bodily injury among the public or serious harm to the public health; or
It also welcomes the fact that the delegation has confirmed the Government's willingness to ratify International Labour Organization Convention No. 138.
The remaining 80 per cent must resort to the use of inadequate materials and fabrics, sometimes not disposable.
The application of the precautionary principle called for in Agenda 21 should become the general rule in ocean management.
It will be made to the Permanent Representatives of the donors and other Governments directly concerned.
(ii) Certain Member States have indicated that they do not intend to pay some of their assessed contributions or that such contributions will be paid only under certain conditions.
The lead agency participated in the Global Conference of the International Federation on Ageing (October 1997), the symposium of the Fédération internationale des associations de personnes agées (October 1997), and the National Congress of the Federazione Italiana Pensionati Attivita Commerciali (June 1998).
The weaknesses in the necessary services infrastructure are why many potentially income-generating, job-creating microenterprises never takeoff.
38. Concern is expressed about the situation in Chechnya.
b. Had been recruited at the duty station from which he or she separates, and is repatriated to the place of home leave or other location, in accordance with rule 107.1 (c).
"3. Notes also that the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, on the basis of the application of the methodology approved by the Board and agreed upon by the Interim Commission for the International Trade Organization, has made a recommendation for the termination of the membership of the Interim Commission in the Fund, effective 31 December 1998;
(i) Withdrawal of identity cards from Arab residents of Jerusalem;
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
Appointment of members of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal
38. Within the Department, the Division for Social Policy and Development continues to serve as focal point for the follow-up to the Summit.
The United Nations Mission in Haiti (UNMIH) was established for an initial period of six months by the Security Council on 23 September 1993 (resolution 867 (1993)).
The Fifth Committee postponed consideration of the Secretary-General’s report pending the relevant recommendations of the Advisory Committee on the proposed amendments.
3. Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms [112 (b)]
His wife, Glenda Janeth Aguirre, was also beaten as she tried to get into the car in which her husband was being taken to the local Second Corps precinct of the National Police.
QELROs of each Party included in Annex I to the Convention shall take into account the differences in starting points and approaches, economic structures and resource bases, the need to maintain strong and sustainable economic growth, available technologies and other individual circumstances, as well as the need for equitable and appropriate contributions by each of these Parties to the global effort.
on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People addressed to the Secretary-General
Part two: Actions taken by the Conference of the Parties at its second session
The project is aimed at strengthening the administration of LAS and modernizing its work procedures.
Each individual person could have an equal right to the emission of greenhouse gases, leading to the fair distribution of rights amongst all the Annex I Parties according to cumulative emissions of greenhouse gases since the industrial revolution to a certain target year.
This is important in terms both of protecting incomes and boosting the investment process, as well as for economic activities on the whole.
(a) Report of the Committee on the Rights of the Child; Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 41 (A/53/41).
(b) The discussion section should reflect views expressed in a precise and objective manner.
13. The independent expert invites the United States of America, a country with a time-honoured legal tradition, to fulfil a fundamental duty by contributing to the pursuit of truth.
3. Takes note of resolution GC(42)RES/43, adopted on 25 September 1998 by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency at its forty-second regular session, concerning the application of Agency safeguards in the Middle East;
205. It is regretted that the cooperation of the State party with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia remains insufficient and that individuals indicted by the Tribunal for war crimes and crimes against humanity are not put at its disposal.
In this connection, the European Union would like to urge all States to ratify the 1994 Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel.
3. At the same meeting, the Expert Meeting adopted the provisional agenda circulated in TD/B/COM.3/EM.2/1.
Any Party that withdraws from the Convention shall be considered as also having withdrawn from this Protocol.
There were 786 relief and social services staff.
Based on these propositions, it has been suggested to eliminate the term “race” from both national and international legal texts.
A second meeting was scheduled to be held in September to consider the draft text of a Memorandum of Understanding and a draft training programme.
30. The World Food Programme (WFP) is continuing its assistance to schools, hospitals and orphanages in the rural districts that were directly affected by the war and is working with non-governmental organizations to help provide food to some 2,000 malnourished children in clinics.
41. A photographic exhibit to commemorate the Universal Declaration of Human Rights was displayed at Headquarters from December 1997 to March 1998.
There will be a meeting of the Staff Council today,13 Novem-ber 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 1.
(c) Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors (A/52/103 and A/C.5/52/7)
Given those same considerations, the Panel determined that it would be possible to complete the review of the remaining nine Claims and submit a report and recommendations to the Governing Council within 180 days, in accordance with article 38(c) of the Rules.
41. In January 1998, UNFPA issued revised guidelines for preparing consultant’s terms of reference which include clear criteria for the supervision and assessment of assignments.
This served as an attraction for foreign investors not only to commodity processing but other areas as well, facilitated the transfer of technology, and led to a trickling down of higher productivity to a wider portion of the Malaysian economy.
Further incidents occurred in the days that followed, during which houses and coffee plantations were burned and populations fled towards and into Ngozi.
Inventory methodologies recommended by the SBSTA and approved by the Conference of the Parties shall be used to calculate base period emissions to establish emissions allowed under paragraphs 117.2 or 117.3, and budget period emissions to determine compliance with emission budgets.
14. At its 1299th meeting (fifty—third session), on 19 August 1998, the Committee, after having been informed of the Secretary—General's estimate of the financial implications, adopted decision 7 (53), in which it requested that its summer session at the United Nations Office at Geneva be extended by five working days.
(b) That this decision shall be communicated to the State party and the author of the communication.
36. The Secretariat has begun to implement the recommendations contained in the two reports of the Office for Internal Oversight Services (see para. 1).
At 1300 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired shells directly at Bra`shit and Shaqra.
I should also like to take this opportunity to inform you of the position taken by the Government of Lebanon with respect to the recent Israeli proposals regarding Security Council resolution 425 (1978), and the background to those proposals, and their political, legal and propaganda aims.
“(f) Implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development;
The Ministry noted, however, that in order to properly implement activities of the Decade at the national level, an inter-ministerial task force would need to be created.
With an up-to-date information technology strategy, the Office could establish a strategic view of all the information technology projects and developments, ensuring that they are properly coordinated and efficiently implemented, as well as meeting its business needs.
Economic and social development in Africa (Part V, section 16)
Their contribution was a welcome innovation that would greatly facilitate the debate on an issue of central importance to the developing countries.
13. The Committee reaffirmed the importance of participation of non-governmental organizations and the involvement of civil society in the implementation of and the follow-up to the Declaration and Programme of Action, and decided on the modalities for the participation of these organizations in the work of the Preparatory Committee; it also decided to defer consideration of the modalities of their participation at the special session until its next meeting.
In his view, the principles of the Charter of the United Nations should be upheld and, to this end, public information should be made available to all humankind and not left to the media of a few developed nations.
The regulatory and voluntary sectors should be complementary to achieve policy and other objectives as well as overall cost effectiveness.
9 Ibid., Supplement No. 9 (A/53/9), para. 85.
Page Annex Excerpt from the final communiqué of the nineteenth session of
A regional conference on the theme “Human rights for human development” took place at Yalta, Ukraine, in September 1998, as a joint initiative between the Government of Ukraine, the UNDP Regional Bureau for Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) to commemorate the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
With all due respect to the distinguished experts, I am of the view that the Committee, in drafting its conclusions and recommendations, has had in mind more the prevailing judgements and views of the international factors about the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia than the Yugoslav report itself and the statements made by the members of the Yugoslav delegation.
“7. The Council encourages the human rights treaty bodies to continue and increase consideration of the status and human rights of women in their deliberations and findings and to promote a better understanding of the rights contained in international human rights instruments and their particular significance to women.
The contract was subsequently extended without bidding on six occasions between 1 December 1994 and 30 September 1996.
Experts felt this omission was disadvantageous.
(b) Parties shall, where appropriate and with regard to sustainable environmental and land use considerations, particularly the need to mitigate global climate change, take or initiate actions to:
“Expressing concern over the marginalization and exclusion of a large number of developing countries from the globalization process, and the increasing vulnerability of those developing countries which are integrating into the world economy, resulting particularly from a severe erosion in trade preferences, through the process of globalization and accentuation of income disparities within and among countries,
Saami customary law as well as recognized Saami rights during the Finnish-Swedish period were ignored in all legislative actions.
Brazil is by far the largest exporter of chocolate among producing countries, followed by Malaysia, Mexico, Indonesia and Colombia.
113. It was recalled that, in accordance with resolutions 52/12 B of 19 December 1997 and 52/220 of 22 December 1997, the operational demining activities as well as the Mine Clearance Unit were transferred to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and that the humanitarian mine-clearance activities should be conducted under the responsibility of the United Nations Humanitarian Assistance Coordinator.
Military- civilian partnership in research and development is not only synergistic, it is also cost-effective and fiscally prudent.
5. Welcomes the fact that the Government of Nigeria is reviewing the remaining decrees, and urges it to repeal urgently those which have an impact on the fundamental human rights of its citizens;
258. Likewise, the payment of a separate maintenance allowance for those staff members whose families remained at the home duty station was unnecessary, as this was precisely the reason why their emoluments were left intact at the home duty station.
The mediatory efforts of the United States of America and the personal role of President Clinton, as the result of which the Middle East peace process has resumed its dynamism for the first time after a long recess, are highly appreciated in Ukraine.
Furthermore, the Commission should secure its mandate on such important issues as integrating trade, environment and development; trade in services; improvement of trade preferences; and identification of obstacles and barriers to trade.
South Africa recognizes the important role of the United Nations in global efforts to curtail the proliferation of small arms and light weapons in all its aspects.
III. REPORT OF THE PROGRAMME AND BUDGET COMMITTEE
Items 18 and 90 of the preliminary list A/53/50.
UNDAF aims to coordinate programming, consolidate information, utilize a joint resource framework and resolve problems related to common administrative and operational issues.
Those data had also been supplied to the Publications Board at United Nations Headquarters for review.
Provision is made for reimbursement to Governments of a usage factor for all items of personal clothing, gear and equipment issued by those Governments to their military personnel at the standard rate of $65 per person/month plus $5 per person/month for personal weapons and ammunition for a total of 12,444 person/months.
Members of the Government and the National Assembly attended the meeting.
It seems that some Parties were unclear, however, about what financial contributions should be reported.
Group training sessions on Library United Nations documentation and the Internet
These changes have been most visible in the series of United Nations Conferences held in the 1990s.
2. Welcomes the steps taken by Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to implement the Plan of Action for the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education90 and to develop public information activities in the field of human rights, as indicated in the report of the Secretary-General;
18. Calls upon the Commission on Human Rights to continue to make proposals to the General Assembly, through the Economic and Social Council, on the future course of action on the question, in particular on practical measures for the implementation and enhancement of the Declaration on the Right to Development, including comprehensive and effective measures to eliminate obstacles to its implementation;
Policy issues for action by UNDCP (continued)
It was proposed to meet the estimated additional requirement of $553,400 gross ($493,700 net) from the resources provided for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
We have taken the first vital steps towards transformation, but we have some way to go before we become a truly effective twenty-first-century organization.
On the other hand, it was pointed out that, in that resolution, the Assembly had affirmed that the concept of “humanitarian limits of sanctions” merited further attention and that standard approaches should be elaborated by relevant United Nations bodies.
The rules of evidence provided for in principle 18 (c) shall apply.
6. Takes note of the report of the Secretariat on reservations to the Convention; CEDAW/C/1997/4.
Measures must also be taken to protect civilians until mine-clearance work is completed.
Another joint Israeli-Palestinian protest against settlers and the army took place in Kfar Kadum in connection with the Israeli authorities’ decision to confiscate an additional 1,000 dunums of land from the village for an Israeli industrial zone.
(iv) Review of the geopolitical and security situation in Central Africa.
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization/support of assembly areas and support for the Joint Security Unit
The head of B’tselem, Eitan Felner, accused the Israeli Government of trying to “freeze” the life of Palestinians in the territories.
19. OIOS recommended that the inquiry initiated by the Mission be expedited and follow-up action taken promptly.
Guided by the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Resolution 217 A (III). and other human rights instruments,
11. Reiterates its request that the Secretary-General direct all departments to include, where appropriate, the following elements in reports originating in the Secretariat:
321. Concern was voiced about the challenges that the Special Initiative was facing in identifying in a convincing manner its added value in view of declining official development assistance and marginal investment flows for Africa, its mainstreaming within the United Nations system and the building of sustainable partnerships for Africa through the Special Initiative.
While in 1981 a total of $111 million, or 28 per cent, of exports were destined for Jordanian, other Arab and international markets, by 1996 these markets absorbed $31 million, or only 12 per cent, of Palestinian exports.
Lending to the poorest countries is done by the International Development Association (IDA).
(j) Organization of three interregional workshops for strengthening national machineries for the advancement of women to exchange experiences on efforts to implement the Beijing Platform for Action, with emphasis on women’s role in decision-making;
Since that time, the Organization has encouraged and assisted Central American countries in the steps taken to consolidate their progress towards peace, freedom, democracy and development.
19. At its 1028th and 1029th meetings, on 10 March 1994, the Committee considered possible amendments to its rules of procedure which would take into account the working paper it had adopted in 1993 on the prevention of racial discrimination, including early warning and urgent procedures.
However, in a spirit of cooperation, it would be willing to accept the proposal made by the Russian Federation.
We should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly under items 72, 79, 96, 97, 104, 105, 157 and 162 of the provisional agenda, and of the Security Council.
Though more than two years had elapsed since the setting up of the Mission’s Pretoria office, appropriate procedures were yet to be established for claiming refund of value-added tax on its purchases.
(d) Meeting of persons chairing human rights treaty bodies;
(b) There is need for training for law enforcement, immigration and border officials in source countries, to help them to identify patterns and methods of trafficking and prevent trafficking through effective investigation and prosecution;
591. The Committee also recommends that the State party gather all necessary data on the situation of children in the various areas covered by the Convention, including on children belonging to the most vulnerable groups.
(d) Draw up a reconversion plan to ensure that members of such groups are not tempted to join the ranks of organized crime.
(f) Cause congenital deformities, mental retardation and genetic damage;
481. In the light of articles 19, 34 and 37 (a), the Committee strongly recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures to prevent and combat corporal punishment, sexual abuse and exploitation and ill-treatment of children, including in institutions and in detention centres.
The Committee concluded that notwithstanding the reservations that the author might have had regarding the effectiveness of national legislation to prevent racial discrimination in the labour market, it was incumbent upon her to pursue the remedies available, including the filing of a complaint with the District Court.
The following are also directly related to the right to freedom of movement (regrettably, inasmuch as they deprive populations of that right): forcible exile, mass expulsion and deportation, population transfer, forcible population exchange, unlawful forcible evacuation, eviction and forcible relocation, "ethnic cleansing" and other forms of forcible displacement of populations within a country or across borders. / See, in particular, Sub-Commission resolution 1996/9.
Although the Advisory Committee was informed that the Governing Body and the General Conference had discussed the new budget reforms, further reports from the UNESCO secretariat are expected.
The United Kingdom states that it has no new information to contribute.
8. Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/52/620) [90].
During the incident, it became obvious that under shelling United Nations troops were unable to conduct continuous observation because of the inadequate protection afforded by current observation posts.
Hearing of a representative of a Non-Self-Governing Territory: Gibraltar
With a view to ensuring the continued success of Expert Meetings, one delegation suggested that the secretariat refine the evaluation process during and after each such meeting.
All of this has caused enormous frustration for it disregards the historic agreements adopted at the National Sovereign Conference.5
It creates new circumstances on the ground by transforming agricultural areas into arid land. It inflicts environmental damage on the surrounding area and causes serious harm to the owners, whose land has been so transformed that they are no longer able to cultivate it and are forced to abandon it.
By the end of the reporting period, however, the Eritrean authorities had not yet agreed that the repatriated programme, suspended in 1995, could resume.
(b) Introductory seminars directed at a wide audience including government officials and academics, as well as business and consumer-oriented circles;
The other special procedures and mechanisms are also increasingly integrating a gender perspective into their work by providing information in their reports on violations of women’s human rights.
In China, VSAT systems are being used in voice and data transmission, e-mail, faxes, video-conferencing and dedicated lines of communication.
83. The Government of Cyprus has requested the Cyprus Development Bank to undertake a study of services and programmes provided to older persons and to propose an outline for future policies.
It is estimated that the pilot interme-diate-level course will be provided in the spring of 1999
The threat of falling into a situation of exclusion and opportunities to establish new ways of integrating with the globalized economic system.
In 1997, within the framework of cooperation of the Spanish International Cooperation Agency (Agencia Espanola de Cooperation Internacional) (AECI) with SELA, the Spanish Agency financed the organization of an intensive training course (19—28 May 1997, Santa Cruz) for participants from Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Costa Rica, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Mexico, Nicaragua, Panama and Venezuela.
At the 1616th meeting (sixty-first session), on 23 October 1997, Mr. Abdallah Zakhia, who had been elected at the Seventeenth Meeting of States Parties to the Covenant, made a solemn declaration in accordance with article 38 of the Covenant before assuming his functions.
The programme is designed for indigenous individuals, supported by their organizations and communities, who are committed to the understanding and promotion of international human rights and the process of development and implementation of international human rights standards.
The GM should identify the potential partners and the sources of expertise required in both the technical and financial aspects of the programmes and projects.
(c) The role of technology policy in industrialization and industrial competitiveness.
In particular, the Office of Internal Oversight Services is concerned that the original cost price of the electronic data-processing equipment may frequently exceed the replacement cost, since the cost of such equipment tends to decline over time as a result of rapid technological advancements.
The budget provides for 1,379 24-hour one-man ration packs at a cost of $10 per pack (7 days' supply) to be held in reserve for emergency use by the Mission owing to the prevailing security conditions in the mission area.
There is also the blanket embargo imposed on Iraq with regard to its access to scientific, medical and cultural publications.
As a result of the discussions at the last meeting, proposals were made to divide the List into two parts, to be published in alternate years, one focusing on pharmaceuticals and the other on chemicals.
It needs to take strong action to protect the judiciary from political pressure, intimidation by military officers and corruption.
- Statement by H.E. the President of Argentina
10. Intercountry: sector, execution modality and location by source of funding, 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 64 INTRODUCTION
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.4-6).
This issue has been addressed by UNOPS and hardware and software have been procured to establish a database that will eventually produce detailed maps complete with minefield overlays.
In accordance with this decision, $5 million was transferred from unexpended general resources to the Global Contraceptive Commodity Programme in 1996.
16. Commends non-governmental organizations for the action that they have taken against racism and racial discrimination and for the continuous support and assistance that they have provided to the victims of racism and racial discrimination;
10. Decides further that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 9 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the additional estimated staff assessment income of 856,000 dollars approved for the period from 1 November 1998 to 30 June 1999;
Note 6. Administrative and programme support services
50. The representative of the Netherlands said that his group was generally satisfied with the results achieved during the current session of the Committee and with the constructive atmosphere in which discussions had taken place.
(c) when leaking or damaged to such an extent that the integrity of the portable tank or its lifting or securing arrangements may be affected; and
So far, the programme has been organized in two parts.
Competition authorities could also enhance the entry of foreign investment by advocating the dismantling of government-sanctioned domestic cartels and by advocating trade liberalization.
In its resolution 44/192 A of 21 December 1989, paragraph 5, the General Assembly took note of the observations and proposals of the Secretary-General on the technical guidelines relating to the treatment and valuation of voluntary contributions in the form of supplies and services, and endorsed the observations of the Advisory Committee.
One member felt that this ceiling should be abolished.
NGOs were invited to make an input into the draft guiding principles of drug demand reduction adopted by the General Assembly at the special session.
One of the two staff members who had been detained in Kabul was released, though the other case remains unresolved.
They stated that on rainy days, their staircase was filled with soldiers who would not clear the way to allow them to enter or leave their homes.
68. In determining General Service salary scales by grade at headquarters duty stations, ICSC used the regression methodology to smooth out the differentials between grades.
This practice should therefore be discontinued immediately and the posts concerned be included in the staffing table and justified as administrative and programme support posts.
III. PROPOSALS FOR FUTURE ACTION . 35 - 57
(iv) Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Africa and the Representative and Regional Humanitarian Adviser of the
(a) The substance is not considered to be a substance prohibited for transport by 1.1.2;
This situation is even more reprehensible in view of the fact that, to date, approximately ten police officers have been killed in 1998.
The President of FICSA also recalled that the Working Group had been set up in response to requests from a number of quarters for the reform of ICSC.
F. Comprehensive survey by the Joint Inspection Unit of the role publications play in implementing mandates of intergovernmental
6(b) Consideration of other relevant reports:
Annual premiums for these policies in 1997 amounted to more than $1 million.
The resulting losses were originally estimated at $3.04 million, and were attributed to inaccurate needs assessment and deficient procurement planning.
For the special segment of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, during which it will act as preparatory body for the special session, the Commission will have to elect new, or confirm existing, officers.
The Chair of the meeting made a number of suggestions to reinvigorate the process, and asked for feedback from participating States.
Until such time as appropriate measures to limit and reduce emissions of such greenhouse gases are decided upon by the Meeting of the Parties, on the basis of the study, each Party included in Annex I to the Convention shall make as much effort as possible not to increase its emissions of such greenhouse gases.
Concerned about the continuing human suffering resulting from the June 1967 and subsequent hostilities,
It aims to promote the health and well-being of indigenous peoples worldwide and acknowledges the basic rights and principles of indigenous peoples, including self-determination, and indigenous peoples' need to be involved at all levels of the design and implementation of the project.
14. These prices declines can be expected to affect adversely a large number of developing countries that are highly dependent on commodities for their exports.
6.6.4.2.6 Portable tanks intended for the transport of refrigerated liquefied gases having a boiling point below minus 182 °C at atmospheric pressure shall not include materials which may react with oxygen or oxygen enriched atmospheres in a dangerous manner, when located in parts of the thermal insulation when there is a risk of contact with oxygen or with oxygen enriched fluid.
(c) Applications of biotechnology for development.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
All police actions were directed against terrorists, not against the civilian population.
Reminders should be sent to the missions that had not yet responded.
In another passage, the Amnesty International report states that the Israeli army of occupation arrested a number of persons in the border strip, subsequently transferring some of them to prisons inside Israel and turning the rest over to the South Lebanon Army for interrogation and detention in the Khiam camp.
8. Invites all States to accede to relevant international human rights and humanitarian law instruments, and urges them to implement those instruments to which they are parties;
(e) The recommendations concerning future work on impact indicators in paragraphs 9, 10 and 11 of note A/AC.241/INF.4 are important.
International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD)
OIOS believes that that figure is relatively high;
The systematic soliciting of views from NGOs would add a new dimension to an established practice.
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization
New concerns and principles – precaution, inter- and intra-generational equity, scientific uncertainty, sustainable development – have also arisen in recent years and now need to be factored into the negotiation process.
The estimated cost of the construction project includes material and labour, technical reconnaissance, site preparation, erection of structures, drainage, water supply and waste disposal systems, electrical installations, storage and surface improvements.
Trust Fund in Support of Actions to Eliminate Violence against Women
72. Unlike some other world conferences, the Social Summit does not have a vocal natural constituency.
In October 1997, UNESCO decided to participate in the Plan of Action by providing cooperation in the amount of $250,000.
As a result, additional requirements amount to $712,200.
In this regard, SMEs needed particular assistance in which the State could play an important role, including access to essential inputs.
Ambassador of Mexico to Italy and the FAO
Vis-à-vis the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, the Republic of Albania has become a centre for terrorist groups and organizations to congregate, train and arm their members before infiltrating Kosovo and Metohija, the autonomous province of the Yugoslav Republic of Serbia, to carry out terrorist actions.
The Committee of the Whole will also consider any other issues that may be referred to it by the Conference.
B. Possible approaches to promoting technology transfer
(b) Preparation of guidelines for correctional systems;
6. The head of the permanent secretariat may make transfers within each of the main appropriation lines of the approved core budget.
Provision is made for a total of $461,725 person-days at the rate of $4.76 per person per day for 1,230 military personnel and 35 civilian police ($2,197,800).
The European Union urges both parties to extend the ceasefire geographically and beyond the above-mentioned time period.
Several panels discussed extraterritorial laws and laws governing child pornography.
Figure 13.4 Replace Figure 13.4 with the figure reproduced overleaf, with the title “Example of a form which may be used as a combined dangerous goods declaration and container packing certificate for multimodal transport of dangerous goods”. CHAPTER 14
I have the honour to transmit to the members of the General Assembly, pursuant to section VIII of Assembly resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996, the report of the Board of Auditors on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission.
6. The Special Committee also examined the present report, which was adopted on 4 March 1998.
- Qualification requirements are higher for immigrants than they are for Swedes;
12. The OIOS review established that during the purchase authorization stage, the UNHCR Belgrade office, through the Headquarters support office for the former Yugoslavia, presented the identified needs for disinfectants to the Procurement Section.
13. Dangerous instabilities have generated advocates and efforts aimed at the creation of great States, which in fact is a political manoeuvre to camouflage other ideas and an endeavour to violently disintegrate the present States in the region.
A/52/860/Add.4 6. The Advisory Committee was informed that unliquidated obligations of $17.2 million were reduced to $15.6 million as of 31 January 1998, of which $14.8 million related to military personnel costs.
Accordingly, it was desirable to establish a schedule that would take account of the need to continue to monitor German/United States total compensation levels and prepare for another cycle of studies to identify the highest paid national civil service.
The estimates simply referred to the per diem costs.
(i) Retain the current paragraph with the new department name;
I have the honour to transmit herewith the statement issued by the Federal Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on 11 March 1998 concerning the situation in Kosovo and Metohija.
Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories
It was also stated that the report did not contain information that would confirm that view.
Finally, he thanked the European Commission for its generous support which had facilitated the participation of some representatives from ACP countries at the Meeting, as well as the UNDP for providing support for some of the substantive preparations for the Meeting.
Parties’ strategies to mitigate GHG emissions have not changed considerably from policies and measures described in the first national communications.
It notes that discrimination against women exists in laws regarding:
(a) A culture of social interaction and sharing based on the principles of freedom, justice and democracy, tolerance and solidarity,
The operational reserve is estimated to cover the following contingencies (in United States dollars):
The Māori Women’s Development Fund and the Women in Self-Employment Network provided financial and peer support to women entrepreneurs.
60. Two projects in the Russian Federation – the Hermitage/UNESCO project and the Bolshoi/UNESCO project – are particularly concerned with new patterns of management, marketing, public relations and fund-raising.
QUANTIFICATION BY LOSS ELEMENT Claimant Contract
In this connection, the lack of information on complaints concerning racially motivated offences as well as the absence of lawsuits in courts claiming racial discrimination may indicate that awareness of the Convention is not high among judges, lawyers and the public at large.
9. Methodological issues related to joint implementation.
1016. The Committee welcomes the intention of the State party to ratify the Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Cooperation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption.
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
Once the determination is made that external support is required, programme managers, in consultation with their Chiefs of Administration/Executive Officers, are required to ascertain that:
E. Vice-presidents 7. Following the precedent of the seventeenth special session, the preparatory body may wish to recommend that the vice-presidents of the upcoming special session should be the same as those of the fifty-second regular session of the General Assembly, on the understanding that the regional groups may make substitutions of the vice-presidents allocated to each group.
290. It was emphasized that the system-wide medium-term plan serves as an effective monitoring and coordination tool at all levels.
II. Replies from United Nations organizations and programmes
Acknowledgment of programme supplies and equipment
Violations of the rights of a citizen of one State within the jurisdiction of another can also be discussed at the international level, in particular bilaterally.
Improved child and maternal nutrition is also expected to have a significant impact on the reduction of child mortality.
463. Recognizing that the transformation of social values and creating a culture of respect for the human rights of women is a lengthy process, and that implementation of these rights must take place at national level, she described several country-based initiatives of the Development Fund concerning the Convention.
The President of the Security Council made a statement.
Between 0025 and 0550 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 81-mm and 120-mm shells at Wadi Bisri, the Mu`aytah woodland and areas along the Zahrani River from their positions on Rum, Sujud and Suwayda hills and in Ksarat al-Urush.
Mindful of the provision contained in paragraph 103 of “A Partnership for Growth and Development,” that savings should be utilized to strengthen the capabilities of UNCTAD, including in the area of technical cooperation, the proposals relate also to technical cooperation activities normally funded from the regular programme of technical assistance where additional resources are proposed for allocation.
III. RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
An amount of $15,000 has been provided for one medical evacuation flight to Miami every three months at a cost of $7,500 per flight.
The present note responds to the request of the SBSTA and is submitted to the SBI, in accordance with the guidance of that body.
They have to close the “connectivity gap” and improve their supply capacities, as well as the timeliness and flexibility of their response to new and emerging market opportunities.
• International Conference on Population and Development: Programme 28 (Economic and social affairs), particularly subprogramme 28.6 (Population), in close cooperation with the United Nations Population Fund;
The effective integration of development cooperation and humanitarian assistance should be seen as an essential element in ensuring a smooth transition from relief to development.
Gross receipts from the United Nations Gift Centre declined from $5.8 million in the previous biennium to $2.6 million in the biennium ending 31 December 1997 as a result of the Administration’s decision to outsource the Gift Centre operations and consequently to curtail the purchase of new items for sale.
Recalling also the agreement in principle given on 30 August 1988 by the Kingdom of Morocco and the Frente Popular para la Liberación de Saguia el-Hamra y de Rio de Oro to the proposals of the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Chairman of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity in the context of their joint mission of good offices,
The Special Rapporteur accompanied a delivery of humanitarian assistance to internally displaced persons in the Drenica region, where he encountered persons encamped about 1 kilometre outside their village, who acknowledged that, although some had attempted to return, they could not return to destroyed properties and expressed fears for their security.
The provision of $57,000 includes $7,000 for rental of office space in Zagreb, $27,000 for the repair of government-provided premises in order to restore them into their original condition at the end of the mission, $8,000 for garbage/septic removal and cleaning of premises and $15,000 for commercially supplied electricity, water and fuel.
Moreover, the report did not take into account internationally applied development indicators.
The Assembly briefly took up the report during its fifty-second session, deciding in its resolution 52/214 of 22 December 1997 to postpone its consideration.
57. In the other emerging democracies, IMF focuses – depending on the specific needs of each country – on establishing economic and financial stability, effective fiscal policies that are also transparent, viable banking and financial systems, modern corporate governance for rapid integration into the global economy and strengthened human resource development.
Lebanon is bound by ties of solidarity to the whole Arab world, and in particular to the Syrian Arab Republic, to which it is bound by an agreement on the need for a comprehensive settlement and for rejection of any policy of separation and division such as is practised by Israel.
6. At the 41st meeting, on 25 November, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Odyek Agona (Uganda), informed the Committee of the outcome of the informal consultations held on the draft resolution, which he orally corrected and amended as follows:
13. Although the national dialogue did not aim to establish a national development strategy, nor did it discuss all the strategic issues and policies of the country in the long term, it nevertheless allowed for some basic agreements between the Government and other sectors of Nicaraguan society, demonstrating a peaceful way for dealing with the nation’s problems.
264. The view was expressed that the matter of fund-raising addressed in recommendation 22 of the in-depth evaluation, including the mobilization of new and additional resources, was of the utmost importance.
The Board took note of the progress report by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD on the Trust Fund to enhance Participation of Developing Countries' Experts in UNCTAD Meetings (TD/ B/44/CRP.2) and further requested the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to continue his efforts in this endeavour and to make a further progress report on this issue to the seventeenth executive session of the Board in 1998.
Documents received by the Committee at its fifty-second and fifty-third sessions in conformity with article 15 of the Convention
Assistance to developing country Parties in the preparation of reports
V. Modalities of expenditure from the Development Account
The experience of OIOS over the past three years shows that the time factor is even more crucial in investigations.
39. There is also need for ensuring coordination, coherence and complementarity in the design and implementation of instruments for enterprise development.
A member of one delegation spoke of a famous journalist killed by extremists in his country, noting, however, that hundreds of other journalists had refused to give up the struggle to pursue their profession.
The people of Cyprus are looking forward to the future.
(b) reducing or preventing environmental contamination likely to occur as a result of future operations; or
Compensation claims received, awarded and paid by the United Nations Compensation Commission as at 10 June 1997
In 1909, 13 countries formed an Opium Commission, leading to the conclusion of the International Opium Convention, signed at The Hague on 23 January 1912.
The Unit is also responsible for serving the Special Committee for Peacekeeping and various other ad hoc intergovernmental committees on issues relating to peacekeeping.
The programme officers of UNICEF are required to confirm the correctness, validity and completeness of expenditure documentation.
(g) The Administration should monitor and accelerate the pace of preparedness for managing the year 2000 issue.
Emphasizing the role of the Tenth Congress as a consultative body of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, in accordance with paragraph 29 of the statement of principles and programme of action of the Programme annexed to General Assembly resolution 46/152,
The Division also maintains liaison with specialized NGOs, professional organizations and the information offices of the United Nations programmes, funds and specialized agencies, to organize co-sponsored activities and other promotional programmes.
Meanwhile, in early January, the Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations wrote to his counterparts in the following United Nations departments and agencies and invited them to consider whether they have tasks or operations which might economically be collocated with the Base.
The Committee encourages the State party to adopt appropriate measures to assist parents in the performance of their child-rearing responsibilities.
The secretariat's report to the Board will include information on the above issues as well as on proposals for cost-recovery and financial sustainability in certain UNCTAD technical cooperation programmes.
2. Regulation 3.11 provides, inter alia, that the medium-term plan shall be revised as necessary every two years to incorporate required programme changes and that the proposed revisions shall be as detailed as required to incorporate the programme implications of the resolutions and decisions adopted by the intergovernmental organs or international conferences since the adoption of the plan.
(f) Michael Bhatia, Brown University (A/C.4/53/4);
Interest generated from investments and the related receivables and payables are reported in the "undistributed" balance sheet.
Such mechanisms can play a vital role in systematically monitoring the status of children and evaluating progress achieved and the difficulties hampering the realization of children's rights for all groups.
It was also striking that so many people expressed their alarm at the rapid erosion of local value systems within the society, especially among the youth.
Increase of 2 hours per aircraft/month to support in situ registration and disarmament of UNITA personnel
They have improved their military skills and have greatly benefitted, both militarily and politically, from the simplicity of their chain of command under the leadership of Mullah Mohammad Omar.
A general review of the administration and application of mission subsistence allowance payments at peacekeeping missions resulted in the implementation of a revised policy.
(e) Also requested the Chairman of the intersessional working group to report to the Board at its nineteenth session.
174. In regard to the problem of child labour, the Committee suggests that Nepal consider ratifying International Labour Organization Convention No. 138 concerning the minimum age for admission to employment and review all relevant national legislation, with a view to bringing it into conformity with the Convention on the Rights of the Child and other relevant international standards.
26. In the view of OIOS, this practice lends further credence to the concerns expressed by the General Assembly on the use of retirees, in particular with regard to the adverse impact their continued hiring may have on the career prospects of regular staff.
At the same time, paradoxically, explosive HIV growth continues in most regions of the world, and the prevention gap is widening between rich and poor countries.
The Special Representative of the Secretary-General will be responsible for ensuring a consistent policy approach by the entire United Nations system.
An official framework for their cooperation is provided by the inter-institutional task force comprising representatives of UN/ECE, ITC and UNCTAD who meet regularly every other month in order to exchange information about their ongoing and planned activities and to identify the potential for joint action.
and resolution 1998/25 of 17 April 1998, Ibid., 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect. A. as well as resolution 1996/23 of 29 August 1996 of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities, See E/CN.4/1997/2–E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/41, chap. II, sect. A.
The proposed Code of Conduct presented the risk that, if promulgated, it would create a gap between the United Nations and the other agencies.
We are pleased to note that definite progress has been achieved in the area of defence cooperation, particularly in strengthening nuclear security and in implementation of the Cooperative Threat Reduction Programme.
234. The Committee recommends that the State party’s next periodic report, due on 23 July 1998, be an updating report and that it address all the points raised in the present observations.
The saving measures also led to uneven patterns of programme delivery, as the implementation of the Centre’s overall programme of work became unduly dependent on the ability of programme managers to secure extrabudgetary resources for specific components of the programme.
In a conference room paper submitted to the Standing Committee of the Executive Committee at its 13th meeting, (EC/48/SC/CRP.41), a comprehensive update of actions taken on this matter was provided.
(k) Action programme for African least developed countries;
The Committee resumed its consideration of this agenda item and heard a statement by the Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management, who also introduced the report of the Secretary-General on the composition of the Secretariat (A/52/580 and Corr.1).
A growing body of trade law, and other rule-based frameworks, allows global markets to expand. Multilateral treaties address problems related to the global commons as well as to arms limitation and disarmament.
5. The Secretary-General has taken due note of paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 52/162, which is reproduced in paragraph 2 (c) above.
Ibero-American Ports and Coasts Association
The number of gratis military officers should be four P-4 and two P-3.
Many local communities that border the refugee camps in western United Republic of Tanzania suffer from serious food insecurity and poor or no access to adequate health and educational facilities.
The SBI invited Parties to submit views on their experience regarding the financial mechanism by May 15, 1997 and requested the secretariat to prepare a compilation of the submissions.
The cooperation allows for a joint Steering Committee to review the over-all progress and implementation of the programme; monitoring and evaluation at the country level are carried out by each organization on projects for which it is responsible.
A logo for the Year was produced by the Department of Public Information during the first quarter of 1998 and distributed worldwide.
1. Takes note of the observations and recommendations contained in the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,2 subject to the provisions of the present resolution;
65. Malta: Assistance is required in the following areas: (a) organizing seminars in Malta aimed at sensitizing business and consumer-oriented circles to the importance of competition policy; (b) holding training workshops for the staff of the Office for Fair Competition of Malta; (c) the possible funding of an expert to be attached to the Office for Fair Competition in Malta.
24. Reaffirms the role of the General Assembly in relation to the opening of new United Nations information centres, and invites the Secretary-General to make such recommendations as he may judge necessary regarding the establishment and location of these centres;
II. Consideration of draft decision A/C.1/52/L.53
In case No. 591/1994 (Chung v. Jamaica), the complainant had given a detailed account of how he had been beaten on death row and had written to the Ombudsman.
At the Conference itself, numerous parallel events were held that related directly to the link between the Beijing Platform for Action and the Habitat Agenda.
At its second session, the COP, requested the Executive Secretary to submit to the COP at its third session, through the SBI, a second report on the financial performance of the Convention in the 1996-1997 biennium (see decision 16/CP.2 in document FCCC/CP/1996/15/Add.1).
Those developments are today clearly visible in most parts of the region.
Reaffirming the equal rights of women and men as enshrined, inter alia, in the preamble to the Charter of the United Nations, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women Resolution 34/180, annex.
These plans will be tailored to the staffing requirements of individual offices, taking into account projected vacancies through the year 2000, including retirements by gender, and the availability of qualified women for inclusion in candidate pools.
As defined by COP 1, the purpose of this Fund is to finance the participation of representatives of developing-country Parties, particularly those that are least developed countries or small island developing States, and of other Parties with economies in transition, in sessions of the COP and its subsidiary bodies (see decision 15/CP.1, annex I, para. 15).
During the session, the Commission accepted the invitation of the Government of Austria to host the Congress in Vienna.
Yaoundé Declaration on peace, security and development in
Desiring that the United Nations respond positively to assist efforts to investigate Cambodia’s tragic history, including responsibility for past international crimes, such as acts of genocide and crimes against humanity,
write-off of arrears for South Africa a/ 30 359 41 921 41 921
C. Financial issues: capital flows, aid and debt
These are additional to the definitions in Article 1 of the Convention.
The scientific objective was the study in the polar region of the ionospheric-magnetospheric coupling by correlation of measurements made in a balloon at an altitude of 35 km by satellite and by ground radar;
"Anthropogenic emission" means the total emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere within the territory of a Party caused by human activity during a concrete period.
(a) Strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations:
Paragraph 20.7 Insert a new subparagraph (b) as follows:
The impact of those tests would include the creation of Lake Balapan, the “atomic lake”, and the release of radioactive gases into the atmosphere.
The Azerbaijan people and we, the refugees and internally displaced persons, who have witnessed the horrors of the war, are against the war.
Such a process also requires the convening of a special summit of the heads of the States bordering the Caspian.
While some of these Parties only provided a single figure for their World Bank contribution (FIN, GBR), other Parties reported separately contributions to the International Development Agency (IDA) (NZL, CHE) and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (IBRD) (ISL, CHE).
Additional information: Satellite receiving frequency: 2047.0175 MHz
III. Observer missions to the United Nations
To consider the report of the Secretary-General on the scope and organizational arrangements for the preparatory process and for the special session itself.
4. The financial statements and schedules, as well as the notes thereon, are an integral part of the financial report.
The Committee is also concerned about the need to strengthen the State party's capacity to collect and process data to evaluate progress achieved and to assess the impact of policies adopted on children, in particular the most vulnerable groups of children.
In this regard, it underlines that, in accordance with the principle of presumption of innocence, pre-trial detention should not be mandatory.
12. Building on this initiative, and in a manner consistent with the provisions of the conventions and the decisions of their conferences of the parties, UNEP in close collaboration with the convention secretariats and the scientific community could examine and provide studies on the overall progress of the implementation of the conventions.
404. The Committee is concerned about the insufficient measures taken to make the principles and provisions of the Convention widely known to adults and children alike, in conformity with article 42.
It is suggested that a similar procedure be followed at the fifty-third session.
Graça Machel (Mozambique), President, Foundation for Community Development, Mozambique
MECHANISMS FOR CONSULTATION WITH NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS 32 - 33 12
* Following the adjournment of the 31st meeting of the Fifth Committee.
21. In fulfilment of its function of rendering assistance to its member States and with a view to facilitating their active participation in the work of the General Assembly, AALCC prepares on a regular basis notes and comments on selected items of the agenda of the General Assembly, including those related to the work of ILC and UNCITRAL.
CCPR/C/131 Fifth periodic report of States parties due in 1998
The President of the Security Council should decide whether written records of the briefings should also be distributed to non-members of the Council.
III. Action to be taken by the General Assembly
Therefore, under the Flemming Principle, there was no need for a language factor.
f Under the terms of General Assembly decision 51/440 of 16 December 1996, the total assessment on Member States was reduced by the amount of $5,151,661, representing the unencumbered balance for the period from 1 November 1994 to 31 December 1995.
204. UNCTAD - Executive sessions of the Trade and Development Board [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
The policy, which was developed in cooperation with non-governmental organizations and the Commission for Equality, consists of two parts, a survey of the existing situation and specific measures to address crucial areas.
a.m. Appointment of the members of the Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women [17(h)]
The broadening of the Sub-Commission's agenda item "Freedom of movement" to include "the right to leave and seek asylum and the right to return" itself indicates that the experts see the right to seek asylum as a very important component of "freedom of movement".
In particular, the write off and final disposal of the Base’s surplus and redundant holdings (the so-called “Base Backlog”) still needed to be addressed.
23. In the light of this background, IAEA still considers that the Committee should continue to perform its present functions and role and that its authority and independence should be preserved.
It is envisaged that the present backlog in contingent-owned equipment, letters of assist and spare parts claims will require several months of intensive work before the operation becomes current.
35. The UNEP Publications Manual sets the requirement that all publications need approval of the Editorial Committee.
The latest procedures and criteria as approved by the Board are contained in document E/ICEF/1994/L.16.
The functions of the secretariat shall be:
The instrument shall be subject to ratification, acceptance, approval or accession by States and by regional economic integration organizations which are parties to the Convention, subject to the conditions set out in Article 8 (see paragraph 111.3).
On 15 September 1998 (see A/53/PV.3), the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the General Committee (A/53/250), to include this item in the agenda and to consider it directly in plenary meeting.
In addition, the soldiers sometimes threw leftovers of food into their inner court yard.
It will also demonstrate that the Organization is fully committed to ensuring that staff operate in the safest possible conditions.
A United Nations news information system is available for use by broadcasting organizations, correspondents and delegates.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
The project could be extended to include correctional services of southern and eastern African countries, as some officials expressed interest in promoting the social rehabilitation of offenders in custodial institutions.
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $7.6 million.
Total expenditure for the 12-month period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounted to $15.9 million, which is almost the same as for the previous 12-months, which was $15.7 million.
UNFPA must be cognizant of the impracticability of opening separate bank accounts for each project in certain countries, whether due to legislation or infrastructure limitation.
Faced with such an immediate and grave threat to the safety of Ethiopian citizens and the security of the country, the Government of Ethiopia asked those limited number of Eritreans involved in the illegal activities to leave the country.
(b) The regular budget of the United Nations meets part of the costs of the secretariat of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
∙ International Environment Technology Centre
In a separate development, a fire-bombing incident was reported at one of the outer gates, Bab Al Ghwanmeh, of the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem.
An open question is thus the extent to which and how public sector funds could be used to catalyze and leverage private-sector funds.In this context, "the GEF has increasingly been using its resources to leverage additional funds, especially from the private sector.
II. Documents submitted to the Board at its resumed eighteenth session 23
"Parties to the Convention" means Parties for whom the Convention has legally entered into force in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.
Additional requirements of $155,600 resulted from the requirement to replace existing equipment to support the Mission’s public information activities.
501. The working paper on reservations to the Convention prepared by Messrs. Diaconu and Rechetov was distributed to the Committee. It was decided that this paper would be discussed at the Committee’s fifty-fourth session.
An evaluation of the report of the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation, also requested in the resolution, will be submitted when the report is received by the Agency for comments.
Greater international cooperation and further development of joint and/or coordinated efforts, as well as the involvement of all components of the United Nations system in the protection of the rights of the child, should be encouraged.
14. During its first session in New York (2 September–19 December 1997), the Advisory Committee considered the UNICEF support budget for 1998–1999.
Due to United Nations General Fund 396 754
476. The fellowship was established in 1981,97 in memory of the late Hamilton Shirley Amerasinghe, the first President of the Third United Nations Conference on the Law of the Sea, in recognition of his contribution to the development of the law of the sea.
Section 29. Office of Internal Oversight Services
MACROECONOMIC POLICY QUESTIONS: FINANCING OF DEVELOPMENT,
There are no common criteria for the resident coordinator system to adopt for evaluations of their projects and programmes.
21. In order to implement this recommendation, provision has been made in the proposed budget for the following:
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/105), A/53/325.
Any employer who violates the prohibition of discrimination is liable to pay damages.
Competition among domestic firms was often found to have a relatively more beneficial effect than foreign competition, because of rivalry with known competitors, and because of the need to innovate to do better than other firms working under similar conditions; however, an open home market together with global strategies could partially substitute for the lack of domestic rivals in a smaller country.
- “Technical cooperation” - Part I: Note by the UNCTAD secretariat (TD/B/EX(14)/3)
∙ Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA): document FCCC/SBSTA/1997/14, annex I;
In addition, a new Roster Unit was established in the Office of the Director of Operations in July 1997.
It does not take into account hardship or hazardous conditions, which are dealt with by separate provisions.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.4/53/L.6
After the President has announced the beginning of voting, no representative shall interrupt the voting except on a point of order in connection with the actual conduct of the voting.
(j) Produce lethal levels of heat and blast;
75. In rural areas in south-east Asian countries, the first contact with family members or the children themselves is usually made by men who are native to the villages.
Accordingly, the General Assembly is the only organized multilateral source from which the basic mandates conferred on the Security Council emanate.
Reaffirming its resolution 52/179 of 18 December 1997,
Chairman of the African Group A/53/491 Annex
4.2.2.5 Unless the name of the dangerous goods being transported appears on the metal plate described in 6.6.3.16.2, a copy of the certificate specified in 6.6.3.14.1 shall be made available upon a competent authority request and readily provided by the consignor, consignee or agent, as appropriate.
The Chairman explained that this item was prepared by the non-governmental (NGO) community.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
2. Incidents resulting from the occupation
26. In his report of 18 August 1998 (S/1998/775), the Secretary-General informed the Council that while there were excellent prospects for completing the identification process by the end of August 1998, the parties’ views on the identification of tribal groupings H41, H61 and J51/52 had remained irreconcilable.
(f) Appointment of members of the International Civil Service Commission (A/52/106 and A/C.5/52/10)
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.16/Rev.1
“(c) Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters;
The following table shows the non-expendable equipment, at cost, expressed in millions of United States dollars, at peacekeeping missions, according to the cumulative inventory records of the United Nations as at 30 June 1997.
Fourteen countries with the status of within range-above midpoint did not change their status as a result of promotions consequent on the examination (Australia, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, Egypt, Ireland, Jamaica, Liberia, Senegal, Singapore, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Sweden and the Syrian Arab Republic).
A. Origins of the campaign against impunity 1 — 6 3
The representative of Mongolia introduced draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.4/Rev.1.
Report of the Secretary-General on the composition of the Secretariat (A/52/580 and Corr.1)
In the course of the ensuing discussion, interventions were made and questions raised by the representatives of Lebanon, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Poland and Canada.
Markets are purely instrumental means for the efficient allocation of resources.
These measures aim to reduce the length of both the written and oral proceedings, as well as the time that elapses between the end of the written proceedings and the opening of hearings.
Each year more than 4,000 young people have no access to a general secondary education or to any kind of professional training.
The positive response to these initiatives testified to the need for an all-inclusive dialogue in a spirit of mutual respect, openness and tolerance.
A concluding statement was made by the Secretary of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund.
The sum of $100,000 was allocated to support the programme, and to organize an inter-agency meeting at UNESCO headquarters in November 1996 and a regional consultative meeting at Addis Ababa in June 1997, with the participation of United Nations agencies, the World Bank, the Government of Ethiopia, African professional media associations and non-governmental organizations.
B. Quantified emission limitation and reduction objectives within specified time-frames
Conference room papers related to item 4 of the programme of work, Periodic review of the enlarged Security Council
National currency and unit of measure: 1,000 litas
A schedule of meetings constructed on this basis will be proposed in due course.
119. Pursuant to General Assembly resolutions 52/226 and 52/227 of 27 April 1998, the Division is conducting a review of procurement-related arbitration cases and an analysis of the reasons for the increase in contract costs for IMIS.
GC.7/Dec.17 Personnel and related financial implications of the budget reductions 14 7 (GC.7/23; GC.7/L.1; GC.7/SR.7, paras. 36-37)
As repeated reschedulings involve costs for the debtor countries and contribute to further accumulation of debt, the concept of reduction of the stock of debt (instead of the flows of debt service) was introduced by the Paris Club in 1994 and allowed for an exit from a repeated cycle of debt reschedulings.
The SBI considered this sub-item at its 1st and 5th meetings, on 20 and 29 October respectively.
These reservations pose an acute problem for the implementation of the Convention and for the Committee’s ability to monitor compliance with it.
It had before it the proposals in respect of programme 14. Economic and social development in Africa.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
35. Because a democratic society allows citizens to participate in choosing those who govern and in devising the laws governing society, it gives them the power to determine who may and should take on the duties corresponding to the rights granted.
Letter dated 15 April 1986 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Burkina Faso to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/17992);
Nor do they appear willing to make a political commitment to restrict the use of the veto to Chapter VII;
The EU is another large market, with France, Spain, Germany and Italy as main seafood-importing countries.
• 493 (65 per cent) were male, and 266 (35 per cent) were female;
Uganda, which had received a stock treatment in 1995 (with a reduction of 67 per cent) had a “topping up” to 80 per cent (i.e., its debt was further reduced to reach the equivalent of 80 per cent reduction).
In addition, three requests for conference services were cancelled prior to the opening session of the Committee.
The Committee recommends that the State party undertake major efforts to develop awareness-raising campaigns aimed at reducing discriminatory practices against the Roma population and that it envisage special programmes to improve the standard of living, education and health of Roma children.
Nobody can now deny that Ukraine has consolidated its positions worldwide and has considerably improved its image and raised its profile internationally.
7. It should be observed that the notification from the Secretary-General to the Member State and the notification from the State in reply must indicate that the promise to pay by the date stated in the notification from the Member State is backed by the full faith and credit of that State.
It will work to ensure that humanitarian needs are met as an integral component of the overall humanitarian endeavour.
3. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 32nd, 34th, 35th, 37th and 45th meetings, on 20, 23, 24 and 30 November and 17 December 1998.
171. UNCTAD - Preparatory Committee for the tenth session of UNCTAD [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167] 6-10 December
3. In accordance with Security Council resolution 1116 (1997), the mandate of UNOMIL was terminated on 30 September 1997.
107. The Committee also requests more information about the implementation of the 1994 Law of Equal Treatment and the activity of the Commission for Equal Treatment.
1345. The visit to Egypt was the occasion of the holding, for the first time, of joint meetings between the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, an event the Committee on the Rights of the Child had often recommended and reflected in its previous reports (see A/47/41, recommendation 3; CRC/C/1O, recommendation 4; CRC/C/16, recommendation 3; CRC/C/20, recommendation 4; CRC/C/38, recommendation; and CRC/C/43, recommendation).
The Working Group agreed with the recommendation of the Secretariat.
2. Chief Integrated Support Service Officer (P-5).
In terms of the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS), health services include: medical and dental services; services provided by midwives, nurses, physiotherapists and para-medical personnel; hospital services; and other human health services.
206. After a thorough exchange of views on the subject, the Commission reached its decision on the basis of a vote.
In a letter addressed to the Minister of Defence on 22 June 1997, the Minister of Justice restricted the scope of article 51 by excluding its application to military personnel.
UNESCO has also incorporated information on the specific needs of women and children in its formal and non-formal education programmes and has collected information on the impact of such educational programmes on efforts to eradicate harmful traditional practices.
It was erected into a system of government and applied for about a century accompanied by violations of human rights, both economic, social and cultural rights and civil and political rights.
(k) Organization of five Internet conferences on implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action to enable women’s non-governmental organizations, particularly in developing countries, to share experiences and best practices, and to contribute to the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action scheduled for June 2000.
(a) In the third preambular paragraph, the words “Recognizing the need to take steps to improve the security of refugees” were revised to read “Recognizing the need to improve the security of refugees”;
United Nations Industrial Development Organization
They also need to share details of the actual control measures applied.
Agencies endeavour to ensure that the consolidated appeal process reflects priorities decided jointly by the humanitarian community, including local and international non-governmental organizations.
The living conditions of women and children have therefore become highly precarious.
(f) In response to a generous offer by the delegation of Egypt, States members of the Subcommission should establish formal contacts with the competent Egyptian authorities to obtain regular information on movements of precursor chemicals through the Suez Canal.
At its 26th and 27th meetings, on 14 July, the Council held an informal dialogue with the United Nations system country teams from Guatemala and Mozambique.
ECLAC/CDCC, through CCST, provided technical assistance in the conduct of its national consultation on science and technology and human resource development within the CARICOM single market.
94. The Special Committee will also strive to follow up on the General Assembly’s request that the participation of the Non-Self-Governing Territories in the work of relevant meetings and conferences of the agencies and organizations be facilitated so that the Territories can benefit from the related activities of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system.
During our consultations we were informed that a breakthrough had been achieved in the talks between the representatives of the international community and the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia concerning the full and verifiable implementation of Security Council resolution 1199 (1998) with the support and assistance of international organizations.
"15. All States should be called upon to strengthen their national legal and judicial systems in conformity with the existing international drug control treaties, in order to improve and carry out effective drug-control activities in cooperation with other States;
16. Ayatollah al-Gharawi was a well-respected religious scholar and was also a senior spiritual leader (or marja) of Shi’a Muslims.
At the same time, there was strong support for the Subcommission to continue to meet on an annual basis.
29. In its response dated 12 May 1998 to the Secretary-General, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration (CABEI) indicated that it had not financed or supported any project or policies that had led to actions or measures contravening the enforcement of resolutions 46/215, 49/116, 49/118 or 52/29.
(i) In the second sentence, after achievements, insert as well as constraints and problems
In addition, there are a few presentational modifications:
Recognized the need to improve systematic observations and to promote climate research activities, particularly in developing countries.
Letter dated 27 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting three resolutions adopted by the Azad Jammu and Kashmir Council on 21 March 1998 (A/53/131–S/1998/435)
Joint statement on the results of the Russian-Chinese summit meeting on Russian-Chinese relations on the
Federation of European Rope, Twine and Netting Industries
(Signed) Mr. Hisashi OWADA (Signed) M. Jean-Louis WOLZFELD
The signs that the process had already begun were encouraging.
(b) Report of the Conference on Disarmament;
d Owing to the ad hoc financing arrangements for the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi during this period, some international posts at the Professional level were encumbered by staff at lower grade levels than budgeted.
660. The Committee notes with regret that the State party does not have a comprehensive policy to deal with the issue of child labour, a basic minimum age of admission to employment, or a range of minimum ages for different types of work and working conditions.
The provisions of this paragraph will be brought to the attention of the President of each session of the General Assembly.
It was emphasized that priorities could not be revised if no agreement was reached among Member States.
Translation and printing of technical documentation and manuals (in support of activities (b) and (c) under para. 44).
2. The following space objects ceased to exist in November 1996 and were no longer in Earth orbit at 2400 hours Moscow time on 30 November 1996:
During the conflict there were three Defense Meteorological Satellite program (DMSP) satellites,13 some 15 GPS satellites,14 as well as two FLTSATCOM15 and at least two DSCS-III satellites16 in orbit.
I should add that the observance of the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and the fiftieth anniversary of United Nations peacekeeping are also major priorities as regards the Department’s information and communications activities this year.
There was no clear-cut survey or legislation regarding land.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.3
68. The trial began on 9 April 1997 before Trial Chamber 2.
In view of the relatively high growth levels of the Mexican economy that have been mentioned, the Committee would welcome a more equitable redistribution of wealth among the population.
The systematic method of information collection through a variety of mechanisms (questionnaires, assessment mission and surveys) will ensure that countries in need of assistance are identified and prioritized, and that the appropriate activities are undertaken in an effective manner.
There will be briefing by the Chairman of the Commission for Social Development on the preparations for the next session of the Commission on Tuesday, 9 December 1997, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
6. A contribution of $105 was received from the Society of Friends (Quakers) and a contribution of $5,080 from the Dutch section of the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ).
19. The Committee is now the major international body which reviews the exposure of the world population to all radioactive sources under normal circumstances and after major radiological accidents.
In an informal discussion, the participants of the Consultative Meeting exchanged opinions on the document that had been submitted and considered further steps to be taken with a view to preparing the document and, on the whole, establishing a nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia.
Debt relief is therefore indispensable for a transition to a self-sustained growth process in SSA.
The representative of the United States requested a recorded vote on the draft resolution.
States have undertaken to finalize the drafting of the convention in time for its approval by the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session, in 2000.
Such regulations have yet to be prepared and some registrars are therefore refusing to comply with the Act.
Having received, in accordance with article 38 of the Provisional Rules for Claims Procedure, the first report of the Panel of Commissioners appointed to review claims by Governments and international organizations (category "F" claims), covering eleven claims, The text of the report is attached hereto (document S/AC.26/1997/6).
The Trade Point had the status of a public utility association, and its founding board consisted of the professional groups which had participated in its creation.
5. Affirms the need to avoid any economic and other activities which adversely affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories;
4. Calls upon Israel to desist from imposing Israeli citizenship and Israeli identity cards on the Syrian citizens in the occupied Syrian Golan, and to desist from its repressive measures against the population of the occupied Syrian Golan;
Consequently, the treaty monitoring bodies in 1997 examined 16 per cent more State reports than in 1995 and nearly double the number of State reports on implementation than they had examined in 1992.
To continue efforts to facilitate reporting by Governments on implementation of the Global Programme of Action (section III, paragraph 5)
This is particularly the case where the senior management is appointed, or where its appointment has to be sanctioned, by the government and where these institutions and agencies restrict their activities to the provision of administrative services.
These included the representatives of the International Law Commission (ILC), the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL), the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). The sessions were also attended by representatives of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
While savings were to be generated through the rationalization of UNCTAD’s intergovernmental machinery and the focusing of its activities, the concept of savings must be seen in the context of Midrand and the need to strengthen programmes of interest to developing countries and particularly LDCs.
9. At the same meeting, following statements by the representatives of Fiji, Venezuela, Cuba, Bolivia, China and the United Republic of Tanzania (see A/AC.109/SR.1492), the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/L.1874 without a vote (A/AC.109/2122).
This analysis is considered a starting point and focuses on two main elements: (a) global interception rates at a time of expansion of international trade and transportation and improved illicit drug trafficking methods; and (b) law enforcement approaches applied in order to improve interception rates and their range of application in selected key trafficking regions.
The cost estimates amount to approximately US$ 33.7 million for first priority projects (projects marked ***); $6.5 million for second priority (**); and $3 million for third priority (*).
The head of the Convention Secretariat shall dispatch the estimates to all Parties to the Convention at least ninety days before the opening of the session of the Conference of the Parties at which the budget is to be adopted.
These reports are available in English, French and Spanish and can be accessed through the regular telephone line.
The President of the Council should circulate such requests promptly as a document of the Council.
(b) To strengthen the capacity of Governments in formulating and implementing policies for the sustainable development and management of energy through sound choices of energy options, energy demand management, energy conservation, energy efficiency and use of new and renewable energy technologies;
The Commission thus provided guidelines and set priorities for the work of the secretariat for its second session.
UNITED NATIONS CONFERENCE ON TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT
Gender focal points were designated in all divisions of the ECE secretariat to facilitate the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in the work programme; initial intergovernmental discussions were held on gender and human settlements, the environment, trade and timber.
Programme 18. Economic and social development in Western Asia
1. Expresses grave concern at the large number of children living and/or working on the streets and at the continuing growth in incidents and reports worldwide of such children being affected by serious crime, drug trafficking and abuse, violence and prostitution;
522. The Committee recommends that a meeting be organized, gathering international organizations working in the country, including agencies and organizations of the United Nations system and non-governmental organizations, and competent national authorities, with a view to assessing the needs for further international assistance with regard to the promotion and protection of the rights of the child.
Subparagraph 1 (a) follows the line of article 2, paragraph 1 (e), of the draft convention of the Council of Europe on the protection of the environment through criminal law and in principle the line of the Vienna Convention on Physical Protection of Nuclear Materials.
A range of estimates is provided and these are included in the table.
Even less common are explicit policies, procedures or guidelines for such personnel.
(l) Note by the Secretary-General on the appointment of three members of the Board of Trustees of the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (E/1998/L.1/Add.10 and Add.15);
Additionality is a vexed issue, since the extent of any additionality is difficult to assess.
Selected sample of major projects to improve the efficiency of transit transport
During its consideration of the report, the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General who provided the Committee with additional information and clarifications.
1 October 1994 to 8 February 1995 (resolution 49/227 A)
(i) Implementation of the commitments and policies agreed upon in the Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of the Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries
12. The General Assembly, by its decision 50/500 of 17 September 1996, deferred consideration of the above-mentioned reports to its fifty-first session, pending submission of follow-up information requested by the Advisory Committee in its report (A/50/985), including a cost-benefit analysis for the Base.
The study was based on a review of workshop reports and submissions from and consultations with non-governmental organizations, and contained seven main recommendations.
In some countries, persons who would normally be unable to pay for private insurance can afford the managed care plans, thus taking pressure off the public health sector.
The United Nations Accounting Manual requires that inter-office vouchers be reflected promptly and as accurately as possible in the financial reports and statements.
5. At its 51st meeting, on 20 November, the Committee had before it a draft resolution entitled “Comprehensive implementation and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (A/C.3/53/L.65), submitted by the Chairman on the basis of informal consultations.
The divorce may have taken place shortly before the death of the former Fund participant or many years earlier.
When unsafe abortion occurs, many countries, including Malawi, Mozambique and Nepal, report that the resulting complications are treated by trained staff with suitable clinical care.
31. The evaluations show that a major factor for achieving positive and sustainable results is the availability of a critical mass of financial resources in order for the national programmes which the United Nations system is supporting to be effective.
24. The Board decided to accept the conclusion of the Committee of Actuaries as regards the calculation of the possible limitation under article 16 (c) on the amount of the proportionate share.
(b) A change in seizure patterns reflecting a decline in interceptions on "traditional" routes suggested that traffickers were altering their routes and modi operandi when transporting narcotics;
Such authorizations take the form of allotments, which could be issued for the period prior to 16 June 1993 only after sufficient contributions had been received to meet the requirements for financial obligations.
The number of UNRWA staff members arrested and detained throughout the area of operations increased from 44 in the previous reporting period to 61 in the current reporting period (see annex I, table 13).
40. Regarding the Gift Centre, the Board recommended, in paragraph 69, that the Administration resolve the matter regarding the sale of inventory without further delay.
UNCTAD and DDSMS are cooperating closely in EMPRETEC--a United Nations programme on entrepreneurship and business development, whose mandate is split between the two organizations.
The Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro and the World Summit of Social Development in Copenhagen were two events of transcendental importance in this direction, although for many observers it is not yet possible to perceive their practical results.
31. Another reason mentioned was the concern for public health, particularly related to the rapid spread of HIV among injecting drug users.
122. At the 40th meeting, the Council adopted the recommendation made by the Eighth Meeting of the Ad Hoc Group of Experts on International Cooperation in Tax Matters regarding the dates of the Ninth Meeting, in 1999 (E/1998/57, para. 51).
165. Meeting of Chairpersons of Human Rights Treaty Bodies [General Assembly resolutions 46/111 and 49/178]
8. On 2 December 1997, Ms. Mary Robinson, United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, made an appeal to all Governments to contribute to the Fund, if possible before February 1998, prior to the annual session of the Board of Trustees, to be able to recommend travel and project grants for 1998.
The right to reparation should cover all injuries suffered by the victim.
It was informed that there had been fewer deaths at checkpoints than before.
37. The Committee recommends that a permanent and multidisciplinary mechanism be developed for coordination and monitoring of the implementation of the Convention, at both national and local levels, in urban and rural areas.
Participation by AIPLF representatives in the work on specific subjects carried out by the Summits, the Ministerial Conference (MCFC) and the Standing Council (SCFC); this participation shall not entail a constant AIPLF presence during the work of the Summit and the other bodies;
Finally, banks and insurance companies may request EMS registration, and insurance premiums, credit conditions and treatment of liability may become differentiated between registered companies and others.
Ukraine should become a State in which the individual's potential is realized to the fullest and where the individual, for his part, can see his place in the processes of building the State.
With regard to “self-defence”, the notion was considered in the paper in connection with the United Nations forces, rather than with those of States, and reference was made to the 1994 Convention on the Safety of United Nations and Associated Personnel which only partially covered relevant issues in this field.
235. On 19 September, fearing widespread rioting by Arabs over the Jewish presence in the Ras al-Amud neighbourhood in East Jerusalem, the security authorities deployed hundreds of additional troops in and around Jerusalem, especially near the Al-Aqsa Mosque on the Temple Mount.
Other than Japan, and to a small extent the EU, imports are mainly into transition economies such as Russian Federation and developing countries (80 per cent of world trade), particularly the Middle East, South-East Asia and South Africa.
Under agenda item 20, the General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.45/Rev.1 (resolution 52/167).
8. Resolution 51/55 was proposed by the delegation of the Republic of Macedonia and co-sponsored by the delegations of Albania, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo (then Zaire), Denmark, Ecuador, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Italy, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Norway, the Republic of Moldova, the Russian Federation, Spain, Turkey, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Ukraine and the United States of America.
On 21 October 1997, the Chairperson, Mrs. Chanet, the Special Rapporteur for Follow-Up of Views, Mr. Bhagwati, and the Special Rapporteur for New Communications, Mr. Pocar, met with the Permanent Representative of Trinidad and Tobago to the United Nations Office at Geneva to discuss the follow-up to Views.
12. In the light of the above, the Federal Government of Nigeria has continued to encourage the international community to ban entirely the production and use of the above-mentioned weapons, in conformity with international humanitarian law.
Reaffirming the provisions of the Declaration on Principles of International Law concerning Friendly Relations and Cooperation among States in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations Resolution 2625 (XXV), annex.
To deal with the escalating problem of abuse of and illicit trafficking in amphetamine-type stimulants, UNDCP organized an expert group meeting at Vienna in February 1996.
IX. Suspension and amendment of the rules of procedure
Within societies there are social groups that find themselves excluded and in which income differentiation implies a gradual disintegration of the ties by which they were bound to the rest of society.
The charge of spying is not meant on behalf of a foreign State, but is employed by the Government of Iraq also for members of political opponents inside the country.
(c) UNESCO International Congress on Education for Human Rights and Democracy, Montreal, 8—11 March 1993.
3. Enabling countries to respond to the opportunities arising from the Uruguay Round Agreements so as to derive maximum available benefit by: analysing the impact of the Uruguay Round Agreements on development and enhancing capacities for participation in the multilateral trading system
These structural adjustment programmes have inflicted enormous inhuman and counter-productive suffering on the deprived populations of the debtor countries.
The Secretary-General has the honour to draw to the attention of [addressee] that the assessed contribution(s) of [the Member State] to the regular budget of the United Nations [and name of peacekeeping mission or tribunal] for [financial period] of US$- has (have) not yet been paid [in full].
24. A memorandum of understanding between ECO and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) was signed by the Secretary-General of ECO and the Director-General of FAO in Tehran on 8 December 1997, during their visit to Tehran for the summit of the Organization of Islamic Conference.
5. A performance report on actual programme delivery for the last six months of the biennium has been prepared as part of the report of the Executive Director in the financial statements.
Regional commissions and field missions, where an additional working language is used, include this linguistic requirement in their vacancy announcements.
In the area of education, the Committee suggests that further steps be taken to ensure the full implementation of articles 28 and 29 of the Convention.
In certain circumstances, assistance might be conditional on compliance with the international drug treaties.
The provisional agenda in section I above has been drawn up by the UNCTAD secretariat.
In collaboration with other United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations, WFP assists over 65,000 hospital inpatients, orphans in orphanages and malnourished children through maternity and child health- care clinics.
I also drew attention to the need for substantial international assistance to help achieve stability in the region.
Items 88 and 93 of the preliminary list A/53/50.
200. UNU – Council, forty-fifth session [General Assembly resolution 3081 (XXVIII)]
Technical cooperation has assisted in the establishment of a Department of Labour; the rehabilitation and reintegration of ex-detainees; the establishment of a model production workshop to manufacture low-cost wheelchairs and employ disabled persons; the Palestinian Employment Programme; the establishment of a vocational rehabilitation centre; the training of small contractors; and a number of projects to assist chambers of commerce and trade unions.
The special session could consider the growing problem of stimulants and the recommendations emanating from the Expert Meeting.
Future reports will continue to focus on category D, E and F claims and will provide as an annex an updated list of the total claims approved by the Council.
He shall be responsible for their implementation.
120. A concept that is still taking shape in General Assembly resolutions and reports of the Secretary-General, post-conflict peace-building refers to actions to consolidate peace and prevent a recurrence of armed confrontation.
Strategic alliances and partnerships with other related international efforts and organizations should be sought, as well as with the private sector.
2. The present report, the audited financial statements and the report of the Board of Auditors along with the associated report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions will be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session.
Although corrective actions were introduced during the biennium 1996-1997, the objectives of the medium-term plan for the period 1992-1997 for this subprogramme could be achieved only partially.
6. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General, A/53/230. and requests him to submit an updated report on the status of the Convention to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;
These seminars are designed to enhance international awareness among Japanese students through interaction with the UNU global network of experts.
11. Review of the Statute of the Administrative Tribunal of the United Nations (D.156).
(b) QELROs 2 (chaired by Ambassador Kjellén): Articles 3.4, 3.13, 3.14, 5, 6, 8 and 9;
(a) Enhancing developing country capabilities in the field of commercial diplomacy through targeted training programmes.
Unutilized resources of $5,200 were due to restrictions imposed on the purchase of office equipment.
Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
7. The action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session in connection with the financing of UNSMIH is a decision on the treatment of the unencumbered balance of $9,117,000 gross ($8,279,700 net) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
7. Stresses the importance of international solidarity and burden-sharing in reinforcing the international protection of refugees, and urges all States and relevant non-governmental and other organizations, in conjunction with the Office of the High Commissioner, to cooperate and mobilize resources until durable solutions are found with a view to reducing the burden borne by States, particularly developing countries, that have received large numbers of asylum-seekers and refugees;
Mr. Brahimi also discussed with Mullah Omar and other Taliban leaders in Kandahar the possibility of placing civilian monitors in key places in Afghanistan as soon as possible to deter further abuses of human rights in Afghanistan.
24. The Special Representative suggests that in terms of the immediate interests of those most affected – the women of the Islamic Republic of Iran – the discourse should focus in the first place on such everyday needs of women.
It was also noted that a consensus was still to be found as to how those issues might be addressed in an internationally acceptable legal framework.
Twenty-eight years of experience as an attorney in the practice of law in criminal and civil courts.
Special Issue 3/97 The Elimination of landmines, 87 p.
(f) Include guidelines for open tendering in the Procurement Manual and specify in the Manual the frequency at which the Supplier Review Committee should review the evaluation of potential suppliers (para. 104);
16. Requests the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;
Recalling further its resolution 51/157 of 16 December 1996, to which was annexed the programme for the activities for the final term (1997–1999) of the Decade, its resolution 51/158 of 16 December 1996, entitled “Electronic treaty database”, and its resolution 52/153 of 15 December 1997,
This trend needs to be reversed. Donors are invited to increase the level of ODA in accordance with internationally agreed targets.
3. The officers of the first session of the Commission acting as preparatory body, held at Vienna from 26 to 27 March 1997, continued to exercise their functions during the second inter-sessional meeting.
5 (XXXIX) Encouragement of each Member State to require the establishment by banks and other financial institutions of customer identification policies and to broaden anti-money-laundering measures, and of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to strengthen cooperation with the Financial Action Task Force
(d) Further requested the intersessional working group to take into consideration in its work the proposals contained in reports of the External Auditor for the improvement of the functioning of UNIDO;
Moreover, the management of cultural diversity in a system of organizations as culturally diverse as that of the United Nations might appear to some as superfluous.
Priorities, as determined by the General Assembly, in the medium-term plan shall guide the allocation of budgetary and extrabudgetary resources in the subsequent programme budgets.
(g) Appointment of members of the Committee on Conferences;
Human Rights: A Quarterly Review of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, No. 1, winter 1997/1998
Accordingly, WHO has established realistic and measurable targets for each health priority, improved programme evaluation on the basis of agreed targets and results, and further reoriented resources in accordance with priorities.
UNCHS (Habitat) has the further responsibility, as set forth in paragraph 228, "to provide assistance in establishing guidelines for national and local monitoring and evaluation ... through the use of housing and human settlements indicator programmes."
Balancing private and social benefits of IPRs
132. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Haiti
27. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the Special Rapporteur’s view, the conflict remains an internal armed conflict, subject to article 3 of all four 1949 Geneva Conventions.
The presentations were followed by discussions.
Additional financial information on the Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities can be found in table 5 of document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.7.
8. Although significant progress has been made, logistical and other constraints continued to plague the force, particularly in small provincial police stations where the absence of supervision and shortage of resources (in particular functioning vehicles and communications) contribute to a sense of isolation, a lack of motivation and absenteeism.
At its first session, the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues considered two substantive items, namely: "Developments in international investment: interaction between investment and trade and its impact on development" and "Issues related to competition law of particular relevance to development"
8. This report classifies the projects under these headings and gives information as to their current status: in development, in progress or reaching conclusion.
(b) Contingent liabilities amounting to $304.4 million had not been disclosed in the financial statements;
Persons fleeing persecution or war deserve refuge and assistance.
In addition, some developing countries, including the Republic of Korea, India, Singapore, Thailand, Malaysia and Taiwan Province of China, provide direct financial support, and in some cases also fiscal incentives, to promote desired outward FDI.
United Nations Industrial Development Organization
In March 1998, the studies were published jointly by ILO and IDB, along with a comparative analysis of employment and income policies and programmes in the seven countries.
132. Support was expressed for including in the chapter a discussion of the objectives of economy, efficiency, integrity and transparency.
Consideration should be given to ways in which those efforts can continue without interruption after the departure of a peacekeeping operation so as to ensure a smooth transition to lasting peace and security.
. Secretary and Administrative Assistant, G-5.
55. Similar extensions in contracts were awarded without bidding in UNIFIL, UNDOF and UNFICYP.
Therefore, unutilized resources amounted to $124,000, taking into account this prior period adjustment.
These changes are due to the inclusion of the Mine Action Service in the Office.
162. Observer status for the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in the General Assembly
REQUEST FOR THE INCLUSION OF AN ITEM IN THE PROVISIONAL AGENDA OF THE FIFTY-THIRD SESSION
The Secretariat is of the view that the General Assembly will need to address the financial implications of the retroactive implementation in the light of the performance reports of the liquidating missions.
(c) In operative paragraph 11, the words "as an ad hoc arrangement", were inserted after the word "Decides" and the words "and the amount of _ dollars for the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi" were deleted after the words "support account for peacekeeping operations".
Concerns raised in the Special Rapporteur’s letter of 8 April 1998 remain unaddressed.
36. It was agreed that the Chairman would prepare the draft political declaration, taking into account the comments made during the meeting.
9. While the Islamic Republic of Iran is making progress in the field of human rights, this progress is uneven and a number of sectors are, at this time, being left behind.
To this effect, the Habitat Agenda has identified a wide range of action areas to mobilize additional financial resources at national and international levels (para. 204).
We accordingly urge all States that have not yet done so to sign the Comprehensive Nuclear- Test-Ban Treaty without delay.
The Committee recommends that performance indicators be presented under the relevant units and services of the Tribunal.
He defended, however, the action of the soldiers, stating that they believed they were the target of a “terrorist” attack.
Greater interface is required between the Commission préparatoire à la réforme du droit et de la justice and other institutions (bar associations, law schools and the École de la Magistrature), which will have to play an important role in implementing the reform.
The United Kingdom contributed fully to the Global Environment Facility, both at the pilot phase and for the replenishment, and has specific strategies for environmental assistance, including climate change.
The Presidents of Uzbekistan and the Russian Federation noted the urgency of improving the activity of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), and of reforming its structures and mechanisms taking into account the interest of all parties in CIS, the experience that has been gained and the new political and economic realities within the Commonwealth.
61. Economic Commission for Europe (ECE).
In a document dated 8 April 1997 entitled “1998. 50th Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights”, Document available (in English only) on Internet at (http://www.unhchr.ch/html/50th/50anniv.htm). the High Commissioner appealed for practical suggestions and proposals concerning the commemoration.
This should also be used for periodic review of the mobility and hardship allowance, the daily subsistence allowance and education grants.
7. Service organizations have set out to develop alternative accounting systems that meet their decision-making needs.
It is based on the assumption that what is termed a "Centre for Transit Clearance (CTC)" would function as a national focal point for the reception, processing and transmission of data related to customs transit operations.
The plan called for the reorientation of ECE’s programme of work according to the following three main principles: (a) the focus on areas where the Commission has recognized expertise and proven advantages; (b) the exercise of flexibility in the method of work; and (c) the strengthening of cooperation with other regional organizations.
The key objective of the project was to substantially speed up the analysis, review, inputting and processing of treaty-related data, and their subsequent publication, by employing modern electronic technology to the maximum possible extent.
CONSIDER THE FIGHT AGAINST THE ILLICIT PRODUCTION, SALE, DEMAND, TRAFFIC AND DISTRIBUTION OF NARCOTIC DRUGS AND PSYCHOTROPIC
At Headquarters, it had been estimated that lowering the page limit from 24 to 16 would reduce the total volume of documentation by 6 per cent, since only about 25 per cent of the documents processed by the Secretariat fell into the category to which the limit could be applied, and since numerous reports covered by that measure were already no more than 16 pages in length.
Currently, the Geneva post adjustment is determined on the basis of the cost of living of the Professional staff residing in Geneva without taking into account the cost of living of those Geneva-based Professional staff who live in French border towns.
Aluminium may only be used as a construction material when indicated in a portable tank special provision assigned to a specific substance in Column 11 of the Dangerous Goods List or when approved by the competent authority.
(a) An earth satellite station which provides the Mission with access to the United Nations global network;
V. Staff-management consultative mechanisms
(a) Industrial development cooperation (A/52/480)
Draft resolution recommended by the Economic and Social Council
The session was also attended by observers from the following 34 States and one regional economic integration organization not parties to the Convention:
37. Since 1990, UNHCHR has been involved in electoral assistance, with a particular emphasis on the legal and human rights aspects of elections, through its technical cooperation programme.
1. The present report is submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/211 B of 19 December 1997, in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to it at its fifty-third session on the progress made in the implementation of that resolution.
Salaries have usually been too low to attract or keep experienced staff.
Governments and political parties should not only respect the independence of the courts and the police but also refuse their requests for political approval of their decisions.
Where, however, the adoption of one amendment necessarily implies the rejection of another amendment, the latter shall not be put to the vote.
6. Development and transfer of technologies
Unconditionally condemning as criminal all acts of nuclear terrorism regardless of where, by whom and for what purposes they are committed,
It further calls upon those communities to hold intensive consultations with a view to adopting appropriate positions that will safeguard Arab and national rights, and urges them to provide all forms of support to the steadfast Palestinian people.
48. The Mission produced radio programmes and participated actively in various debates and workshops organized by associations of victims on these questions.
This workload placed a very heavy burden on the resources available at the Base.
44. The view was expressed that the organizational structure of the Programme should adequately correspond to the new and expanded tasks to be implemented, as decided by the General Assembly at its twentieth special session.
69. ICSC, forty-ninth session [General Assembly resolution 3357 (XXIX)]
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
32. We agree with the principles of open regionalism in the framework of the multilateral, free, non-discriminatory and open trading system that will favour the integration of our economies into the international economic system.
5. There has been no real outbreak of political violence nor increase in political tension.
The final report on the survey was published and presented at a press conference organized by the Director-General in February 1998.
8. The contamination of large areas with landmines and unexploded ordnance remains a major hindrance to rehabilitation and development in Afghanistan, as well as a deterrent to the return of refugees.
The TCDC Information Referral System (TCDC-INRES), developed by SU/TCDC, has proved to be an important source of information on institutional capacities in the developing countries.
UNDCP will increase its linkages with other parts of the United Nations and external agencies, and facilitate the design and implementation of alternative development programmes by Member States through, inter alia, the publication of a manual on alternative development experiences in South America.
This requires national, regional and international efforts devised within the context of health, human rights and women’s empowerment.
II. CONSIDERATION OF A DRAFT DECISION PROPOSED BY THE CHAIRMAN
In the course of the analysis of factors impeding compliance with article 16, it said:
(a) those which contain pathogens in risk group 1; those which contain pathogens under such conditions that their ability to produce disease is very low to none; and those known not to contain pathogens.
8. At its forty-eighth session, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), to increase the membership of the Committee on Information from 81 to 83 members, and appointed Gabon and Israel members of the Committee.
Emphasizing that legal measures alone are not sufficient, the Committee notes the failure of the Government to undertake comprehensive and systematic public awareness and information campaigns to change stereotypical attitudes that are detrimental to women’s equality.
38. FAO - Council, one hundred and seventeenth session
Improvement and development of technical skills were addressed through training of 52 scientists in methods for the analysis of drugs.
169. The Board, in its report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995, expressed concern about the inadequate staffing of new missions with experienced and qualified personnel to help in the start-up activities.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 119.
(b) Receive, translate and circulate documents;
According to the Special Rapporteur appointed by the International Law Commission to report on the law and practice relating to reservations to treaties a State party may:
The twentieth summit meeting of the Presidents was to be devoted to the Central American region’s vulnerability to natural disasters and climate change.
The decreased inflows were the result of slightly lower interest income owing to a gradual reduction in cash and term deposits as well as the repayment of the inter-fund balance with the United Nations general fund.
It is expected that the project could supply 15,000 tons of paddy rice and 1,500 tons of vegetables to Kinshasa.
10. The following terms are used in this Interim Statement with the meanings specified:
Chapter I Organization of the session 1. The Committee for Programme and Coordination held its organizational meeting (1st meeting) at United Nations Headquarters on 8 May 1998 and the first part of its thirty-eighth session at United Nations Headquarters from 1 to 26 June 1998.
However, several speakers stated with concern that support for humanitarian principles and values was eroding.
For one thing, the timetable for PNC coverage envisages the deployment of retrained police in departments where the indigenous population is in the majority, which is not consistent with the commitment to reflect the multi-ethnic character of Guatemala in the deployment process.
71. On 12 January, it was reported that the security forces had recently arrested several Palestinians from the West Bank on suspicion of involvement in planning attacks to be carried out in Israel.
In addition, national legislation should be reviewed and amended in accordance with the Convention, effective administrative and police structures need to be created, media sensitization and training campaigns conducted and the work of women’s non-governmental organizations in this area promoted.
9. Summary tables 1, 2, and 3 compare the 1997 Plan with the 1996 actual expenditures.
Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations
18. In order to allow for the work on the drafting of the convention to proceed without interruption, the Government of Argentina offered to host an informal preparatory meeting of the ad hoc committee in Buenos Aires from 31 August to 4 September 1998.
In order to guarantee that objective, Cuba believes it is vital to secure the effective implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction (Chemical Weapons Convention), once it enters into force on 29 April 1997.
UNAMIR includes UNOMUR Preparation of final performance report and report on disposition of assets; additional appropriation and assessments may be required; processing of Property Survey Board and Claims Review Board cases; processing of claims for death and disability compensation; settlement of claims from troop-contributing countries against accounts payable; closing of the Special Accounts for UNAMIR; and monitoring of the surplus balance held in the Special Accounts.
B. Organization of the work of the session
III. The United Nations Treaty Collection – the new database
One urgent task is to reform the pension system.
Matters brought to the attention of States parties
It seems that there is still a need for the contribution of our generation to help our two peoples to live side by side in peace.
High-level international intergovernmental consideration of financing for development: recurring themes and key elements
(b) The annual report of the Security Council to the General Assembly should give a detailed and analytical account of the Council’s work and it should be made available to the General Assembly not later than 30 August;
The contractor is further required to prepare a complete inventory of the applications.
(g) The development of a project on nuclear arms reductions, with the initial focus on tactical and short-range nuclear weapons;
54. One of the most common forms of intimidation were attacks on party signs, such as shooting at the sign or taking it down by force.
The magazine was kept separate from the gun.
8. The present annual report, which reflects developments at the Tribunal since the submission of the second report in July 1997, describes the activities of the Chambers, the Prosecutor and the Registrar, then goes on to describe the Tribunal’s cooperation with Member States, particularly Rwanda, and with other institutions, including the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
24. The Meeting drew up a list of 55 key future actions covering six major areas: reaffirmation of the Programme of Action and the Bali Declaration; policy and institutional framework; programme implementation; national capacity-building; resource mobilization; and regional action.
The settlements of Kiryat Arba, Emanuel, Efrat, Elkanah and Ariel, and settlements under the jurisdiction of the regional councils of Mount Hebron, Mateh Yehuda, Gush Etzion, Gaza and Mateh Binyamin received government aid amounting to more than NIS 3 million.
AND TRAINING PROGRAMMES ON COMPETITION LAW AND POLICY
137. The Council considered social and human rights questions at its organizational session (agenda item 5), resumed organizational session (agenda item 8) and substantive session (agenda items 14 (a) to (g)) at its 3rd, 5th, 44th and 46th to 49th meetings, on 6 February, 7 May and 28, 30 and 31 July and 5 August 1998.
AAPSO Afro-Asian Peoples' Solidarity Organization XVI(I)
69. At the same meeting, the representative of Pakistan withdrew the amendments contained in document A/C.1/53/L.54.
30. In respect of the foregoing, OHRM commented as follows: “As regards the recommendation to limit the hiring of language staff to those employable locally, we fully agree with the idea, but for interpreters this is not always possible.
In addition to meeting, Bureaux should explore the scope for coordination via informal networking arrangements.
16. The United States remains the principal destination for international cocaine trafficking.
The aim of the conference is to strategize about ways to respond effectively to the needs of children and young people affected by domestic violence.
Various bodies of the United Nations system are beginning to realize the grave issues affecting children in armed conflict.
Second, diversification efforts by developing countries would not succeed unless they were accompanied by support from developed countries, international financial institutions and relevant organizations.
Additional resources were also requested for custodial fees ($2.5 million) and communications ($35,000) for special connections and new services which require contracting for Internet services.
But for Africa, the share even rose slightly, from 21 to 23 per cent.
4. The Parties reiterated their commitment to the common values of pluralistic democracy, the rule of law, human rights, and free market economy.
54. Every effort should be made to ensure that all refugees and internally displaced persons are adequately protected and provided for, in accordance with internationally recognized rules and procedures.
Those factors exerted further strain on the Agency’s cash position, making it especially difficult to meet obligations in time towards the end of the fiscal year.
The Board learned that several bridges were introduced to integrate those systems into IMIS.
They will also be assisted to adopt and implement national drug control legislation in an effective manner; to prevent and detect illicit trafficking of precursors and drugs, in particular heroin, cocaine and amphetamine-type stimulants, and to detect and prevent money-laundering.
10. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country”.
(i) for a non-refrigerated liquefied gas listed in the portable tank instruction T50 in 4.2.4.2.6, the MAWP (in bar) given in T50 portable tank instruction for that gas;
Member of the Syndicat des Magistrats de Madagascar (Professional Association of Magistrates of Madagascar)
International cooperation against the world drug problem
We count on the Committee’s continued support as the Department endeavours to spread the United Nations message to as wide an audience as possible in the most cost-effective way.
(b) The office or official to be contacted for technical queries;
44. The Department has worked closely with the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to develop a comprehensive strategy for the observance of the fiftieth anniversary of the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
DONE at Yerevan, on 3 July 1998, in the Armenian and Romanian languages, both texts being equally authentic.
78. The UNU food and nutrition programme has several projects working to solve human nutrition problems.
Also, OAU is a member of the Preparatory Committee for the second Tokyo International Conference on African Development (October, 1998), which is entrusted with the drafting of the Agenda for Action to be adopted at the Conference.
4. Bearing in mind the joint responsibility of both debtors and creditors in the accumulation of African debt, innovative approaches involving the affected countries are required.
Donors must recognize that while media coverage of large-scale disasters dictates that food, clothing and medical care must be made available quickly and directly to the victims, in some cases the most effective forms of assistance may be of a more long-term nature.
141. At the same meeting, the Council approved the draft resolution for adoption by the General Assembly.
4. The 10-month defects liability period following handover ended on 22 February 1997.
It provides for 2,500 kilometres per month at 4 kilometres per litre at a cost of 25 cents per litre.
Funds for decentralized programmes are allocated directly to departments which have responsibility for managing the funds and ensuring the equitable distribution of training opportunities.
The work plan envisages a series of national workshops in the individual member States which would discuss country specific transit transport policies and other actions that need to be taken into account in the review of the treaty.
Work was started on demining through the successful mobilization of resources for the Accelerated Demining Programme.
Accordingly, we support the adoption of measures to prevent and overcome this problem, especially in relation to systems under our own control, thereby creating the conditions to ensure the basic operational capacity of national systems and promoting and supporting relevant actions in the private sector.
59. With regard to technical cooperation, a recent review of ILO technical cooperation, covering the period 1996–1998, identified 52 projects with a microfinance component.
However, the foreigners themselves do not want to remain in Eastern Europe. Their main aim is to cross into the countries of Western Europe.
23. We recommend the provision of youth-friendly health services, counselling and especially reproductive health services that are comprehensive, accessible and participatory, to ensure the holistic well-being of all young people.
Today, refugee situations persist - the largest group being the 260,000 Burundi refugees in the United Republic of Tanzania, which continues to be a major asylum country.
The Administration should continue efforts to ensure that executing agencies that are required to provide audit certificates in respect of moneys released from the Environment Fund do so soon after the end of the financial period (para. 23).
In addition, the pace of ongoing and planned reconstruction activities in these areas was stepped up.
An amount of $3,435 has been included under other travel costs for travel ($2,675) and daily subsistence allowance for four days ($760);
We recommend the strengthening of the Youth Unit of the United Nations Secretariat and its counterparts in other funds, programmes and specialized agencies and the provision to them of greater resources and more staff - notably young people.
The session will resume on Monday, 26 January 1998, at 3 p.m. for a joint meeting with the Executive Board of UNICEF.
III. Supplementary information on significant variances — maintenance budget
The Committee resumed consideration of item 95 (a).
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on death and disability benefits (A/C.5/53/16).
In terms of programme content, the main areas of proposed growth are the subprogrammes on technology and methodology, in the S&T programme.
26-29 May 105. United Nations Latin American and Caribbean Seminar and NGO Symposium on the Question of Palestine [General Assembly resolution 51/23]
B. Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
Speakers maintained that the Department of Public Information, as the focal point of the Organization for information and communications, should be strengthened to fulfil the expectations of its Member States and their peoples around the world.
Additionally, regardless of what a country may do to avert problems within its own borders, it can still be adversely affected by the Y2K omissions of other countries.
For example, UNIDO commenced assistance to Bulgaria to adapt its business education curricula to the requirements of a market economy, as well as to produce positive attitudes towards private enterprise on the part of employers and employees.
48. The following seminars were organized:
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.31, 33, 38–42 and 45).
The access to the formal reporting application is available not only to the Department of Management but also to the departments that can generate reports concerning their own areas as and when required.
133. Chapter II, “Control of the transport of chemical products either essential for drug manufacture or precursors”, sets out precautions to be taken by customs authorities in ports when these substances are carried and recommends setting up controls that will provide exact details of the destination and distribution of the products.
“Can corporations stop worrying and learn to love the environment?”, backgrounder released in English in April
IV. ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS . 139 - 145 21
These proposals were welcomed by the Security Council in a statement by its President on 8 May 1997 (S/PRST/1997/25).
The Palestinian side reaffirms its commitment to implementing the provisions of the Wye River Memorandum towards the implementation of the existing agreements (the Declaration of Principles of 1993 and the Interim Agreement of 1995) and towards reaching a final settlement based on Security Council resolution 242 (1967).
“12. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its special session for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action a report on the donors’ conference;
Hence, the transparency and the comparability of the emission inventory was not sufficient.
Moreover, insufficient attention has been paid to the training of all professional groups working with or for children such as judges, lawyers, magistrates, law enforcement personnel, police officers, army officers, officials of the central and local administrations, health professionals, teachers, social workers, and personnel working in child-care and detention institutions.
6.6.4.8.2 The rated flow capacity marked on the pressure-relief devices shall be determined according to ISO 4126-1:1996.
Authorized staffing, incumbency and vacancy rates for civilian personnel for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998
Another speaker proposed that the Department of Public Information should consider publicizing the problem of the former Soviet nuclear test site near Semipalatinsk in her country.
1. Malaysia has signed (1968) and ratified (1970) the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
The Committee considered five communications containing requests for hearing, three relating to Western Sahara (A/C.4/52/ 4/Add.1-3), one relating to Guam (A/C.4/52/2/Add.6) and one relating to all the Non-Self-Governing Territories (A/C.4/52/5), under agenda item 18, which it decided to grant.
12. The instabilities in the region of the Republic of Macedonia , in south-eastern Europe, have unfortunately continued to be a fact of the present situation.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.
76. The Committee recommends that the Government reconsider its position on temporary special measures and take note of the information and practice developed internationally in structural discrimination.
2. It has been suggested that in the event that any rotational arrangements were adopted, the lists of rotating countries could be reviewed during the periodic review process.
48. In the context of support for the formulation of development policies, UNDP has played a crucial role in action which led to the adoption of the national policy on the environment and the environmental plan of action, the objective of which is to preserve the biodiversity of the Comoros.
39. In the absence of selective export promotion policies, competitiveness depends on the behaviour of real wages and the real exchange rate, as well as on productivity growth.
(a) Statement by the President of the second session of the COP;
Teams were organized and given the task of receiving and inspecting materials and equipment originating from the United Nations Peace Forces, the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda and the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia, and, in addition, a project to physically verify the content of over 800 containers was undertaken.
In defining the act of genocide, it goes beyond the actual killing and states that acts causing serious bodily or mental harm; deliberate infliction of conditions of life calculated to bring about physical destruction; imposing measures to prevent births; and forcibly transferring children of one group to another group constitute acts of genocide.
One example is Thailand, where major milling companies have funded projects to diversify into the tourism industry.
C 3 Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development.
(b) To monitor the disarmament and demobilization of former combatants concentrated in secure areas of the country, including monitoring of the role of ECOMOG, the Monitoring Group of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), in the provision of security and in the collection and destruction of arms in those secure areas;
8. Many experts observed that bilateral, regional and multilateral frameworks for investment must take into account a host country's developmental objectives.
Concrete action must be taken, as it is in deeds rather than in declarations that the international community’s commitment to Africa will be measured.
Ms. Sirilak Suwanrangsi, Chief of Fish Inspection Center, Department of Fisheries (Thailand)
Although, this recognition was not given legal effect in the disputed Taxed Mountains, it can be of great legal importance for those parts of traditional Saami land not included within the territorial ambit at issue in the Taxed Mountains case.
That experience highlighted the crucial importance of swift intervention in a conflict and, above all, of political will to act in the face of a catastrophe.
Sources: Foundation for Middle East Peace. Report on Israeli Settlements in the Occupied Territories (Washington, D.C., March 1998), pp. 1-2, Khalil Tufakji, Orient House; Palestinian Society for the Protection of Human Rights and the Environment, E-mail communication, 24 April 1998.
It is the Eritrean regime alone that is responsible for committing gross and flagrant violations of basic human rights and freedoms and principles of international humanitarian law.
Their story is that their target was an air force base.
The lists of speakers for all items allocated to the Third Committee are open for inscription by delegations.
They constitute the majority of those found at the sites of displaced persons and regrouped populations and are the sole heads of their households.
(c) Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters;
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
The agreement will be renewed in the near future.
(a) Certified by the Secretary-General as relating to the maintenance of peace and security ($2,520,800);
Difficulties in collecting clear and comparable data, varying definitions of access and a lack of clear indicators add to the constraints in analysing situations and predicting trends.
12. Encourages Governments to give serious consideration to inviting the Special Rapporteur to visit their countries so as to enable him to fulfil his mandate even more effectively;
42. Authorizing the use of forceful action.
40. Proposal submitted by the Holy See (A/AC.252/1998/WP.39)
They organized special events, including an essay contest for high-school students on “What Tolerance Means to Me”.
224. The Committee notes the current economic situation of the United Republic of Tanzania and the burden posed by servicing its foreign debt.
Other aspects of adaptation may include economic, legal and institutional measures.
Draft resolution B, section III, The section numbers are those of the draft resolution as contained in document A/53/23 (Part VI).
2. The Plan has been prepared in accordance with the request of UNCTAD IX (para. 96 of the final document) and in light of discussions at the forty-third session of the Trade and Development Board (October 1996) during its review of technical cooperation.
3. It seems to me that we have raised some quite important issues that need further analysis and reflection.
The Committee recommends that further action be taken to ensure and promote equal opportunity in economic and social life, in particular as regards education and employment.
IAS International Accounting Standard ICAO International Civil Aviation Organization
Initially, joint efforts will focus on the harmonization of national drug control legislation in the context of an ongoing programme related to legal development and cooperation in Central America, funded by UNDCP, the Inter-American Drug Control Commission (CICAD) and the Permanent Central American Commission.
The international community was unanimous in its view that the deterioration of the security situation in South Asia, and especially the more recent developments, were inescapably linked with the outstanding dispute of Jammu and Kashmir.
There was a problem due to the difference in wording of paragraphs 1 and 2 of Article 8.
2. The CTC function, as described in the document, is proposed only to illustrate one possible scenario for the information flows.
1985-1988 Legal Consultant to the Jamaica National Export Corporation.
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs, in coopera-tion with the Department for Public Information and the Very Special Arts organization, affiliated with the John F. Kennedy Center for the Performing Arts (Washington, D.C.), will present an exhibition entitled "A Very Special Arts Exhibit".
(c) Letter dated 12 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Greece to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/497–S/1998/951);
In that connection, it indicated that, on 11 October 1993, the United States secretaries of Transportation, Commerce and Defense had entered into a Memorandum of Understanding to enforce more effectively domestic laws and international agreements that conserved and managed its living marine resources.
In early October, the Serbian Minister of Justice informed the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights that one ethnic Serb and four ethnic Croat detainees in Sombor, who had been variously detained since December 1994 pending finalization of their court judgements, were released into the custody of their families in late September.
The new dynamics of production and of enterprise development engendered by globalization, liberalization and technological change have focused attention on the need for developing and other countries to adopt a comprehensive and coherent national strategy for enterprise development, with a particular focus on small and medium-sized enterprises, that will enable them to build up their enterprises as an essential instrument of development and of their enhanced participation in the world economy.
It is also concerned at the lack of sufficient training for professional groups working with or for children such as judges, lawyers, magistrates, law enforcement personnel, army officials, teachers, school managers, health personnel, social workers, officials of central and local administrations and personnel of child-care institutions.
In so doing, the AGBM noted that the reports by the chairmen of the informal consultations conducted at the seventh session of the AGBM (FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1), the consolidated negotiating text by the Chairman (FCCC/AGBM/1997/7), the negotiating text by the Chairman (FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1 and Corr.1) and the original proposals from Parties contained in the relevant miscellaneous documents (FCCC/AGBM/1996/MISC.2 and Add.1-4 and FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.1 and Add.1-10) also remained on the table.
22-23 May Murcia Regional Conference for the Northern Mediterranean
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.24
256. The Commission reviewed the modalities of the payment of MSA, and noted that it was the total contribution of the organization to meet living expenses of staff.
Joint implementation projects shall bring about real, measurable and long-term environmental benefits related to the mitigation of climate change, while avoiding adverse environmental and social effects.
However, the publication was far from being self-financed and there was no possibility of repayment of the loans in the near future.
(a) The Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will be the link between the scientific, technical and technological assessments and the information provided by competent international bodies, and the policy-oriented needs of the Conference of the Parties; and
The first of these relates to the scale of new peacekeeping missions which the Base may be called upon to support in a given year.
These countries are major export destinations for developing countries and include some of the most dynamic developing country markets.
The Commission concluded that the impunity with which governmental officials, in particular, the military, treated the civilian population as an unlimited pool of unpaid forced labourers and servants at their disposal was part of a political system built on the use of force and intimidation to deny the people of Myanmar democracy and the rule of law.
The Committee was a unique body of its kind, in which the right of veto did not exist.
Four sessions (8 weeks each) are held between September and June.
UNCTAD maintains regular contacts with trade union representatives and organizes every year in June a Consultation with trade union movements.
Allegedly she was carrying ammunition in a sack of rice, intended for members of the East Timorese National Liberation Army (FALINTIL).
UNCTAD should cooperate with other relevant international organizations in helping African countries to identify opportunities open to them in this area.
(a) Title of the study, specifying, if necessary, whether or not the report is updated annually (periodic report);
28. The PROCALMUC project (literacy and training for women) is training 10,000 women in cooperation with the National Women’s Bureau, the United Nations Development Programme, the Foundation for Public Interest, the United Nations Children's Fund and the United Nations Development Fund for Women.
35. At its eighteenth session, the Committee considered the reports submitted by eight States parties under article 18 of the Convention: four initial reports; two combined second and third periodic reports; one combined second, third and fourth periodic report; and one combined third and fourth periodic report.
6. No action is required by the Commission at its forty-first session regarding the proposal made by the Government of Spain.
(a) Increasing awareness against the dangers of desertification in the country;
In the area of statistical activities, the Statistics Programme continued its collection, analysis and dissemination of data and information in support of the Centre's activities.
The Administration stated that it had not established formal procedures for direct procurement but agreed to do so in the future.
Only five villages in the northern Golan were spared because the early arrival of United Nations forces at these villages prevented the occupation forces from expelling their residents.
41. The road transport industry in Central Asia, like its railways competitor, is also in the process of adjustment.
Additionally, ICSC is responsible for coordinating personnel policy planning in those organizations.
2.1 Relevance of mandate, general objectives and activities 43 of UNDP
49. Angolan refugees continued to return spontaneously, and between 1995 and mid-1998 a total of 143,577 Angolan refugees had returned to their home country.
Rev. Eliezar Valentín-Castañón, on behalf of General Board of Church and Society of the United Methodist Church.
5. No changes are proposed in the content of the plan.
In that connection, a proposal was made that the Special Committee should recommend to the Sixth Committee that a working group be established in the Sixth Committee during the fifty-third session of the Assembly to conduct a substantive discussion on the report of the group of experts.
On 6 May the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees suggested that the NEC make special arrangements for refugees to register, but no such arrangements were made.
The audit coverage includes the liquidations of UNOMIL, UNTMIH and UNAMIR.
(ii) Audit of the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS) contract cost (resolution 52/227);
Most come from poor provinces such as Prey Veng, Svay Rieng, Kandal and Kompong Cham where they are deceived and sold into prostitution.
Barbados Dominican Republic Jamaica Saint Vincent and
(a) Carry out periodic reconciliations between its accounting information system and the independent records of the United Nations Office at Geneva (para. 23);
Such participation would constitute an effective means of promoting the progress of the peoples of those Territories, enabling them to enhance their standard of living and achieve greater self-sufficiency.
For example, import quotas were removed from orange juice in April 1992.
Recognizing the need for States to create conditions conducive both to the prevention of flows of refugees and displaced persons, primarily by addressing the underlying root causes, and to solutions, including voluntary repatriation,
Personnel at team sites (cooks, technicians)
(d) Training or implementation of the second phase of the education grant;
54. UNCDF has been actively supported by the Special Unit for Microfinance, which was created in September 1997 and given the task of building synergy between the established UNCDF experience in microfinance and the growing demands from the global network of UNDP country offices.
2. Towards a culture of peace: draft resolution (A/52/L.4/Rev.1) [156].
3. In accordance with article 25 of the Convention, the Committee shall, under the supervision of the Conference of the Parties, make provision for the undertaking of a survey and evaluation of the relevant existing networks, institutions, agencies and bodies willing to become units of a network to support the implementation of the Convention.
(b) Requested the intersessional working group on proposed amendments to the financial regulations to continue its examination of financial regulations 4.2(b), 4.2(c), 4.3(b), 4.3(c) and 5.2(d) under the chairmanship of ..., See summary record IDB.18/SR.7 para. 62. and to report to the Committee at its fourteenth session;
(h) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the Second United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (A/52/821).
21.1 The establishment of the post of United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in December 1993 was a crucial milestone in the development of United Nations machinery for the protection of human rights.
5. At the 34th meeting, on 4 November, introductory statements were made by the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General and the Executive Director of the United Nations Institute for Training and Research as well as by the Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Institute (see A/C.2/53/SR.34).
(c) A second practical illustration: the Trade Point Programme
The Chairperson, subject to these rules, shall have complete control of the proceedings of the Sub—Commission and over the maintenance of order at its meetings.
The OIOS recommendation that UNCC establish a loss quantification unit to be staffed with accountants and loss adjusters has been implemented with the establishment of the Verification and Valuation Support Branch.
See section C of the present annex for additional information.
There was widespread and deep concern about the adverse consequences of financial crises for vulnerable groups and the profound consequences for poverty.
5. Recalls the requirement of article 21, paragraph 7, of the Convention that the Conference of the Parties shall at its third session review the policies, operational modalities and activities of the Global Mechanism and, on the basis of that review, consider and take appropriate action.
Its report was presented in document FCCC/SBSTA/1996/11.
Mrs. Lucretia Myers (United States of America)***
2. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 8th and 12th meetings, on 15 and 23 October 1998.
(b) the allowable tolerance at the discharge pressure for spring-loaded devices;
The sectoral breakdown of available foreign funding was mainly for electricity (33 per cent), education (12 per cent), sanitation (11 per cent), water supply (9 per cent) and management and implementation (6 per cent).
(iii) The development of innovation, entrepreneurial and technological capabilities as essential inputs for the development and growth of enterprises;
II. Consideration of draft resolutions A/C.2/53/L.29 and A/C.2/53/L.54
(b) Lack of institutionalization of the armed forces, which as a result assume in practice the role of deliberative bodies, with the ability to arbitrate and settle internal political disputes by military means;
1. Crime prevention and criminal justice [103] (A/52/3*, A/52/295, A/52/327, A/52/357, A/52/413, A/52/447-S/1997/775*, A/C.3/52/L.4, L.5, L.6, L.7 and L.8)
34. The drafting and issuance of the guidelines coincided with the Secretary-General’s reform initiatives.
The United Nations Information Service in Geneva briefed the press on the civil war and peace processes in Angola, Liberia and Sierra Leone in its press briefings.
(c) The need to develop suitable criteria for measuring feedback, including the regular checking of mailing lists, reader response, sales figures and a systematic review of media coverage;
to the United Nations (Signed) Ricardo G. Castaneda-Cornejo Permanent Representative of El Salvador
To that end, the Department should coordinate its efforts, from the start of mission planning, with other departments within the Secretariat as well as specialized agencies and other relevant actors.
1. Endorses the recommendations of the Committee on Contributions on the assessment of non-member States, contained in paragraph 102 of its report;
More than 900,000 category A compensation claims were submitted by claimants.
I am consequently glad to report that on 21 July 1998 the Security Council decided, on my recommendation, to authorize an increase in the troop strength of UNPREDEP and to extend its current mandate for a period of six months, until 28 February 1999.
Illicit consumption of cocaine and crack was reported to be on the increase in Congo, Ghana, Morocco, Namibia, Nigeria and South Africa, while Chad reported a large decrease in cocaine consumption.
12. Decides further that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 11 above, shall take into consideration the decrease in their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of 369,600 dollars approved for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998;
He further noted that this was the last session of the SBI before the third session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 3) and, therefore, the last opportunity for the SBI to make recommendations for decisions to be adopted by COP 3.
There had also been an increase in the number of women working in the Foreign Service.
1. Welcomes the results of the fourth meeting of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention on Biological Diversity, held at Bratislava from 4 to 16 May 1998; See A/53/451, annex.
With regard to the issue of ageing parents, spouse employment and family-related difficulties, some Commission members considered that this represented a key aspect of expatriate service, which required extensive analysis that was not currently available in the documentation.
For its part, the Ministry of the Interior has failed to make available the lists of municipalities which were destroyed by the violence, a basic requirement for the effective enforcement of the law.
She emphasized the fundamental importance of language and education for indigenous communities.
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organiza- tions and the press are invited to attend.
The preparatory body will need to divide its time between substantive and procedural questions, placing emphasis on the latter at its first session.
Such efforts are contrary to the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, the Final Act of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) and the goals of peace and stability in the region.
This they did, by choosing independence through integration with Indonesia in accordance with General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) and principles VI, VIII, and IX of the annex to General Assembly resolution 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960, as further confirmed b the relevant provisions of General Assembly resolution 2625 (XXV) of 24 October 1970.
-Financing training for students and trainers;
(f) To take concrete and credible steps to restore democratic government without delay, to end rule by decree and to permit an observer presence during transition, as recommended by the United Nations fact-finding mission;
2. The effects of this increased workload
In concluding, the Chairman emphasized the importance of the debate on the broad and multifaceted annual theme of the forty-ninth session of the Executive Committee, which, he commented, accurately reflected the complex agenda before the Committee.
We need to demonstrate that we have the strength, the vision and the courage to stay the course and build our new Kazakhstan on the solid foundation of political justice and economic freedom.
(a) By resolutions 808 (1993) and 827 (1993), the Security Council established the International Tribunal.
Women’s daily lives and well-being are affected also by a lack of access to sanitary pads: only 20 per cent of the demand can be adequately satisfied.
One focus should be on stemming rural to urban migration, with its adverse effects on poverty.
Ministers and other heads of delegation of Parties will have the opportunity to make statements at the plenary meetings on Monday, 8 December, and Tuesday, 9 December; meetings will be held for this purpose in the morning, afternoon and evening of these days.
African Governments in particular must get tough on this issue, and make the fight against corruption a genuine priority.
We also propose the creation of national monitoring centres to submit an annual report to the United Nations system on young people victimized by violence.
The Board considers that the ICSC secretariat could enhance the efficiency of operations of the Division at affordable cost by introducing an integrated computerized system for data collection, transmission and processing.
76. In conducting further UNDAFs, particular attention should be paid to (a) ownership of the UNDAF process through full consultation of Governments in its preparation; (b) collaborative programming within the framework of UNDAF, reflecting the strengths and mandates of each participating organization; (c) joint monitoring and evaluation within the framework of UNDAF.
One of the topics, entitled “Managing diversity”, was capacity-building for change management, which included strengthening intercultural synergies and creating a better appreciation of cultural and gender diversity in order to improve resource management in a multicultural environment.
By the mid-1990s, extreme caution had become the prevailing attitude in international politics.
(v) Inner packagings are oriented within the large packagings in the same manner as in the tested package;
Indeed, domestic demand in these economies had weakened by the end of 1997.
As a first step, the new route is to link Lydda Airport with the Jerusalem airport at Qalandia.
They are exposed to all the vital questions of our day, and feel that they have a stake in the future of our planet.
The Ministry of Welfare proposes the establishment of a national association for older persons by mid-August 1999.
We reiterate our firm commitment to the implementation and follow-up of the aforementioned instruments, especially the Plan of Action, and we assign the highest priority to its development and to compliance with it.
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
Repatriation from the Islamic Republic of Iran under the UNHCR programme is negligible, with only 389 persons returning in the first half of 1998.
Besides work permits, most doctors from the Gaza Strip can not receive permits to attend international seminars and conferences if they are taking place in East Jerusalem, on grounds of security.
Development of measures to limit the growth in emissions of greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol in the transport sector.
Several countries, including Botswana, Honduras, Namibia, Turkey, Uganda and Viet Nam, report that HIV/AIDS prevention programmes are being jointly undertaken at the interministerial or interdepartmental levels to bring the greatest effort to bear on the problem.
Letter dated 9 April 1998 from the Permanent Representatives
The Serbs and the members of the police force were not the only victims of ever more frequent terrorist attacks; even a greater number of victims were from among the members of the Albanian national minority, only because they expressed their loyalty to the State which they live in.
In addition, the Office will institute a management reporting and monitoring capability.
To assist the Subcommission in that task, UNDCP was requested to evaluate and continuously monitor such implementation.
89. The Committee also agreed that regular discussions on the issue should continue at future sessions of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee and that the Subcommittee and the Working Group should continue to receive the widest input on matters affecting the use of nuclear power sources in outer space and any contribution related to improving the scope and application of the Principles.
The delegate warned that the implementation of the ruling would bring about a reduction in the living standards of the people of the Caribbean Community (CARICOM) and an acceleration of poverty.
The briefings as of 6 October will take place at 3.30 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
13. Upholding and reinforcing policies that allow independent and democratic forms of associative life, including the elimination of identified obstacles to youth participation and to freedom of association in the work place;
As well, the Observatoire du Sahara et du Sahel (OSS) has produced "Stratégie 2000 de l’OSS" dealing with this matter.
130. Annual Conference of the High Contracting Parties to Protocol II, as amended, to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects [Final document of the Review Conference of the States Parties to the Convention]
The financial data in this document reflect standard costs in Geneva, as provided by the United Nations, and based inter alia on the United Nations assumed rate of exchange of 1.29 CHF per 1 USD.
16. The deficit position projected for the end of the year continues the pattern that emerged four years ago.
By its resolution 1159 (1998) of 27 March 1998, the Security Council established the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic (MINURCA) with effect from 15 April 1998 for an initial period of three months until 15 July 1998, and decided that the military component of MINURCA would not exceed 1,350 personnel.
20. In paragraphs 34-37 of its previous report E/CN.7/1997/10, the Advisory Committee addressed the question of recovery of programme support costs, and recommended UNDCP carry out further work to identify the total costs incurred in support of nationally executed projects.
10 See Report of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II), Istanbul, 3–14 June 1996 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.IV.6), chap. I, resolution 1, annex II.
(iii) Closure of Arab institutions in Jerusalem;
The departments have generally agreed with the findings and recommendations in the present report.
Inviolability of inherited colonial borders
Owing to difficulties in recruiting qualified elementary teachers in Lebanon, the Agency reinstated a small pre-service teacher training course at Siblin training centre (see para. 156).
9. The Committee notes from paragraph 7 that:
In order for the Commission to arrive at a better determination it would require more information on remuneration levels from the organizations using this approach.
One book and more than 30 articles, mainly in the field of human rights (see also full list of publications below), inter alia, the following 12 publications:
Posted as Consul to San Francisco, New York, Los Angeles and Tripoli. Performed consular duties, including representing the interests of the Philippines and Filipino nationals before national courts of the receiving State.
Information technology permits rapid dissemination of ideas, processes, and supplements education, science, health care and culture.
For portable tanks equipped with a heating device, a temperature regulator shall be used to ensure the maximum degree of filling is not more than 95% full at any time during transport.
190. United Nations Pledging Conference for Development Activities [General Assembly resolution 32/197]
Estimates regarding the share of world trade undertaken by TNCs showed how closely FDI and trade were interrelated, underscoring the importance of questions related to that interrelationship and the answers to those questions in the context of a changing world economy.
6.6.3.7.3 Portable tanks intended for the transport of certain non-refrigerated liquefied gases identified in portable tank instruction T50 in 4.2.4.2.6 shall have a pressure-relief device approved by the competent authority.
16.3 In preparation for the special session of the General Assembly in 1997, a regional review was conducted to assess the progress achieved in the implementation of the outcome of the 1992 Earth Summit.
Consistent with General Assembly resolution 48/162, the former WFP governing body, the Committee on Food Aid Policies and Programmes, was replaced by an Executive Board, effective 1 January 1996.
However, it should be noted that this total was more than offset by a substantial number of outputs added mainly by legislation and also by the Secretariat under the subprogrammes designated high priority (i.e. 200 outputs).
It should be noted, however, that the General Assembly has established an upper limit in cases of death and disability of contingent members and a financial limit on most third-party claims.
27 March–14 April 1998 (transition period)
Each alliance has generated joint products such as the Microfinance Practical Guide and case studies of microfinance institutions.
(b) Consulting and training/records systems analysis
69. In this connection, the Special Representative urges the Government of Rwanda and the National Assembly of Rwanda to take appropriate action to enable the National Human Rights Commission, created by Presidential Decree on 11 November 1997, to be fully established and to begin functioning effectively and independently in accordance with the fundamental law of Rwanda.
10. Support costs on programmes and activities financed from extrabudgetary resources.
As the legal backbone of the State and of society, the fundamental law requires safeguards.
It is a result of a more proactive use of resettlement to address the particular needs of individuals and groups in accordance with UNHCR criteria.
(a) for steels having a clearly defined yield point, a safety factor of 1.5 in relation to the guaranteed yield strength; or
The European Union notes with satisfaction that the initial report from the Joint International Observer Group on the elections in Cambodia concluded that the polling and counting was a process which was free and fair to an extent that enables it to reflect, in a credible way, the will of the Cambodian people.
Zhang Yishan (China), Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Beijing
It was stressed that the reduction of resources in the new department resulted from the consolidation of the three administrative units into one, and not from substantive areas.
141. The Committee notes that the State party is passing through an important historical period in its existence owing to the deep political, economic and social reforms it is undertaking.
150. One witness believed that the reason Israel was striving to postpone the peace negotiations was to change the facts on the ground in Jerusalem.
3. The Commission recognizes that further analytical work and policy research within UNCTAD will be needed in particular areas and takes note of the proposals made in this regard:
In May, FAO sent a senior animal officer to attend the regional workshop on regional cooperation for the control of trypanosomiasis, held at Banjul, Gambia.
Accordingly, the ratio of headquarters to field staff had changed from 1 to 2.3 in 1992–1993 to 1 to 3 in 1998–1999.
Schedule 6 Status of operating funds advanced to agencies at 31 December 1997
20. A voluntary cash contribution of $4,000 has been received from the Government of Cyprus.
Representative of Tajikistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
B. Methodological issues related to joint implementation
This explains the difference between programmed and actual outputs in contractual translation and contractual text-processing.
OC Judea and Samaria (West Bank), Brig.-Gen. Yitzhak Eitan, stressed that no live ammunition had been fired by the Israeli security forces in the West Bank.
In this regard, I would particularly like to share with you my strong appreciation for the work of the United Nations Coordinator for Humanitarian Affairs, Mr. Sergio Vieira de Mello.
Therefore, it cannot operate freely in UTO-controlled areas east of Dushanbe.
As stated in my previous letters, such unauthorized intrusions into the Nicosia flight information region and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus are in violation of international air traffic rules.
24. In Kakuma, Kenya, UNHCR is working with key non-governmental organizations to identify resettlement options for some of the “lost boys”, unaccompanied Sudanese children who have been living on their own for several years.
The Ministry of Post and Telecommunication is following the improvements being introduced in the satellite Earth stations involving the transition from analogue to digital transmission.
1. Approves the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to the information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations;2
Closures and other security-related measures imposed by the Israeli authorities also continued to disrupt Agency operations, though to a lesser degree than in the previous reporting period.
He further stated that the members of the Board, in accordance with article 10, paragraph 6, of the 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs, were to receive adequate remuneration as determined by the Assembly, and therefore requested that appropriate steps be taken to revise the rates, which having already been in force since 1981 could no longer have been considered adequate.
Pilot Seminar on the Mobilization of the 23-25 June Private Sector in Order to Encourage Foreign Investment Flows towards the LDCS
(d) In this context, administrative cost reductions should not be used as a pretext for an eventual reduction in the budget of the Organization.
The key issue seems to be the failure of CPC’s management to secure transit rights from the Russian Federation and regional authorities that are crucial for the pipeline project.
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.25/Rev.2 was adopted without a vote.
12. Dissemination of information on the Committee's work should be improved, including, inter alia, by establishing an Internet Web site and through a presentation by its Bureau on the outcome of its deliberations.
Thirdly, we have been actively promoting international cooperation for the reintegration of refugees after voluntary repatriation, especially in post-conflict situations.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/52/SR.66, 68 and 68/Add.1).
That report contains a set of policy conclusions that emerged from joint Secretariat deliberations in an expert group meeting that took place in New York in July 1998.
Donors reached an agreement in August 1996 on their contribution to IDA funding for the period 1997–1999, to which the World Bank added $1.2 billion from its own income in the fiscal year that had just ended in June 1996.
15. Recommends that the United Nations Development Programme and the World Bank focus on gender issues in the Human Development Report and the World Development Report for the year 2000;
Three thousand six hundred children have been trained in various trades, while 1,200 others are currently in training.
The Department was also strengthening its ability to promote appropriate standards to that effect.
They also butchered one quarter of the population of Yarun.
Views were expressed by some delegations that preparation, contribution and participation should not be criminalized.
The informal briefing, inter alia, is in connection with the five-year review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD) and the convening of a United Nations conference on international migration and development.
15. The Board recommends that reports on the value of non-expendable property purchased by the implementing agencies out of UNEP funds be obtained and the value of such property be disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
2. The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 68th meeting, on 29 May 1998 (see A/C.5/52/SR.68).
South Asia Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) Law Conference, Dhaka.
162. Observer status for the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development in the General Assembly (P.164). See para. 53.
At the same time, Israeli forces fired several 81-mm mortar shells and directed bursts of medium-weapons fire at areas around their positions at Qal`at al-Shaqif (Château de Beaufort) and Dabshah hill.
World Summit for Social Development/Social development
The whole world is aware of the scale of the damage done to Iraq's infrastructure by the war, and it knows that the embargo has since finished off what little remained.
The second, third, fourth, fifth and sixth meetings were convened by the Secretary-General biannually from 1988 until 1994 and, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 49/178 of 23 December 1994, annually since 1995.
It enabled developing countries to review proposed accounting standards, register their opinions on what constituted best practice and receive assistance in the implementation of those standards.
9. The Forum stressed that an effective global response to the problem of climate change required ongoing active cooperation and strengthened action by all countries, in accordance with the principles of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and with their common but differentiated responsibilities and respective capabilities, and that developed country parties should take the lead in combating climate change and the adverse effects thereof.
There were numerous opportunities for foreign investors in his country, including in areas and industries such as petrochemicals, building materials, food processing, packaging and electronics.
The Geneva Library’s automated information management structures were refined by tailoring the specifications of its Universal Real-time Information Control Administration (URICA) integrated system to allow it to perform technical processing functions for the coordination of library acquisitions, cataloguing, serials processing, loans and on-line public access catalogue applications.
At the initial stage of those discussions, the Government presented the Operation with a draft agreement which focused exclusively on a programme of technical assistance.
(b) In the fifth operative paragraph, the words “including the preparation of working documents, if so requested by the Preparatory Commission” had been replaced by the words “not including the preparation of working documents”.
The unutilized balance of $11,400 was attributable to the slightly lower than estimated number of flying hours, as shown in table 3.
(k) The Declaration on the Right to Development of 1986 (General Assembly resolution 41/128); and
Genetic screening and counselling should also be included in the programme; a high number of chromosome pathologies are being registered among the exposed population and risks continue among their offspring.
In those reports, the Secretary-General addressed questions relevant to the development of a new international humanitarian order (Assembly resolutions 47/168, 48/57, 49/139 A and B, 50/57, 51/194 and 52/168 and Economic and Social Council resolution 1995/56).
7. In addition to assistance and protection activities implemented by UNHCR and other organizations in 1997, the World Food Programme (WFP) recorded a total of 4.2 million refugees and returnees and 14.9 million internally displaced persons throughout the world.
El Acuerdo de Complementación Económica Chile-MERCOSUR: naturaleza jurídica y su incorporación al derecho chileno interno. Ius et Praxis (Universidad de Talca), year 3, No. 2 (1997), pp. 11-47.
The booming domestic market for chocolate in Brazil has contributed considerably to the expansion of the industry and exports.
It would be fair enough to recognize that the situation in many areas of the country has moved into a predevelopmental phase, and that more specialized agencies in the field of development should take their proper place in the health sector.
7A. Department for Policy Coordination and Sustainable Development
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
An analysis of programme-support costs is given in table 6.
7. The Board continued its practice of reporting the results of specific audits through management letters to the Administration of UNEP containing detailed observations and recommendations.
It was in this spirit that UNDP proposed the idea of co-hosting at the eighth INCD, held in Geneva, last year.
(d) Requests that member States review, at a planning meeting scheduled for December 1998, proposals for inclusion in the work programme for 1999, bearing in mind the desirability of scheduling items over a biennial or longer period, with a view to submitting their agreed work programme to the Standing Committee at its first meeting in 1999, for formal adoption;
3. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 32nd, 34th, 35th, 37th and 45th meetings on 20, 23, 24, 30 November and 17 December 1998.
SPECIAL POLITICAL AND DECOLONIZATION COMMITTEE
Third stage 4. With the end of the cold war symbolized by the fall of the Berlin Wall, this period was marked by many processes of democratization or return to democracy along with peace agreements putting an end to internal armed conflicts.
These initiatives have resulted in action by the high-level meeting of the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (CCAQ) held on 9 February 1998, the Ad Hoc Inter-Agency Meeting on Security held from 17 to 19 March 1998, and the Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC), which met also in March 1998.
“– Office supplies and services to personnel within the contingent;
The Government will need technical cooperation programmes covering:
5. The Minister's letter repeats Israel's prejudice towards international legitimacy and its attempts to defy international law and relevant United Nations resolutions.
E. Decision on observer participation in 1998-1999
Deeming that such evidence, banknotes with a face value of 368,000 Kuwaiti dinars (“KD”), was critical to the verification of the Claim, on 23 May 1997 the Panel issued a further Procedural Order requesting that the evidence be produced at the Commission’s headquarters in Geneva on or before 30 June 1997.
Representative Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
The SBSTA may wish to provide further guidance regarding the roster, and develop arecommendation for a decision by the COP on the roster of experts, and, keeping in mind the proposed division of labour with the SBI, inform the SBI accordingly.
The decline results from the shortfall between income and expenditure, a continuing trend which restricts the operational and financial flexibility of the programme.
– Respect for the territorial integrity of all States;
Revised income estimates for the biennium 1998–1999
2. Calls upon all States to take further actions to promote effective cooperation at the international and regional levels in the efforts to combat the world drug problem so as to contribute to a climate conducive to achieving that end, on the basis of the principles of equal rights and mutual respect;
Pursuant to the decision of the Council, the Secretary-General submitted a report dated 22 October 1997 (A/52/512) containing a revised budget, which provided for the maintenance of UNSMIH for the month of July 1997, the maintenance of UNTMIH from 1 August to 30 November 1997 and the liquidation of the operations from 1 December 1997 to 30 June 1998.
Mr. BOURITA (Morocco) proposed the replacement of paragraphs (e) and (f) of the draft decision on item 13 contained in document GC.7/CRP.3/Add.2 by the following:
While it is clear that many ethnic Vietnamese were registered en masse, it is unclear whether all of those persons were Cambodian citizens.
30. In Latin America and the Caribbean, the first regional conference was held in Buenos Aires, 24-26 January 1996.
Authorized retained surpluses as established by:
Assistance should include access to new technologies for mine detection and removal;
The Board has confirmed the Committee’s doubts and concerns expressed previously about the procedure followed in approving the system, its compatibility with the United Nations network, its maintenance cost, the cost-effectiveness of the system and its future viability (see UNEP/GCSS.V/INF/3; UNEP/GC.19/L.1, annex, paras. 17–21; and A/52/7, chap. II, part IV, para. IV.52).
Adoption of a protocol or another legal instrument: fulfilment of the Berlin Mandate.
“(ii) For substances consigned refrigerated or frozen, ice, dry ice or other refrigerant should be placed around the secondary packaging(s) or alternatively in an overpack with one or more complete packages marked in accordance with 6.13.6. Interior supports
Additionally, since the Wye Memorandum the use of anti-Semitic motifs has not stopped in official Palestinian media.
Despite repeated international appeals to the contrary, including by the United Nations, the factions resumed fighting, particularly in the north of Afghanistan.
Ngalama (soldier): arrested on 14 January and tortured for having assisted in the escape of Mokassa Libeba.
Those over-expenditures were partially offset by unutilized balances under military contingents, transport operations, other equipment and staff assessment.
24. In August 1998, the International Labour Organization (ILO) published a study entitled, “The sex sector: the economic and social bases of prostitution in South East Asia”, which includes country studies from Indonesia, Malaysia, the Philippines and Thailand.
176. In introducing the report, the representative of Panama stated that Panama had recently gone to great efforts to advance the status of women. Those efforts had included the establishment of institutional mechanisms, the formulation of national action plans and programmes for the advancement of women and measures to promote the political participation of women and to combat violence against women.
3. Decides to convene the Third United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries in the first semester of the year 2001 for a duration of seven days, at a venue and time to be determined by the Secretary-General of the Conference in consultation with the European Union;
(c) Conducting critical reviews at least once every four years, that is, within the period covered by the medium-term plan, of the efficiency of each major activity and the effectiveness of its results.
Within Europe and elsewhere, greater emphasis was being placed on increasing investments in equities in respect of pension funds, by removing or reducing current restrictions on such investments.
Reaffirming the pertinent principles and provisions contained in the Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States proclaimed by the General Assembly in its resolution 3281 (XXIX) of 12 December 1974, in particular article 32 thereof, in which it declared that no State may use or encourage the use of economic, political or any other type of measures to coerce another State in order to obtain from it the subordination of the exercise of its sovereign rights,
Particular attention should be given to the consideration of deprivation of liberty only as a measure of last resort and for the shortest period of time, to the protection of the rights of children deprived of liberty, to due process of law, and to the full independence and impartiality of the judiciary.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 61, and of the Security Council.
10. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization
In addition, the Ministry of Health and other health institutions were provided with WHO publications, office and surgical equipment and audio-visual training materials.
As the Secretariat of the Committee on World Food Security, FAO plays a key role in supporting the monitoring of the implementation of the World Food Summit Plan of Action by member Governments and in stimulating action at national, regional and international levels to eradicate poverty and food insecurity.
(d) Two and a half million hectares in Kazakstan were potentially available for illicit cultivation of cannabis, of which 180,000 hectares were actually utilized, leading to increased travel by international traffickers to Kazakstan to effect purchases.
10. Partnership framework agreements were also developed during the past year between UNHCR and individual OSCE institutions.
The Special Rapporteur, who met with the Ombudsmen during his first visit, wishes to continue the cooperation that his predecessors had started, and strongly supports the Ombudsmen’s work.
In addition, refugees in Mozambique are provided with shelter, food and non-food items based upon their needs.
III. SCOPE AND ELEMENTS OF THE PROCEDURE OF ANY PROPOSED MECHANISM
On the basis of the common aspiration of the States participating in the present Meeting to expand and strengthen multilateral cooperation in the context of the Agreements on confidence building in the military field in the border area and on the mutual reduction of their armed forces in the border area, signed by them in Shanghai and Moscow in 1996 and 1997, respectively,
32. Although the nuclear issue has generated extensive contacts in fields of nuclear safety and medicine, international business interest in Kazakhstan has largely ignored the communities adjacent to the test site.
The study is conclusive in terms of inter-agency cooperation, insisting that it go beyond the United Nations system and include national authorities, non-governmental organizations, the Bretton Woods institutions and donors.
The Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.68 (resolution 52/211 A and B).
28. The Government currently runs a targeted urban income support programme for vulnerable families and is planning a rural safety net programme pending the results of a national poverty assessment exercise which is to be prepared in 1998, based on the results of the 1996 national household income and expenditure survey.
18. Cooperation on the ground between UNOMIG and the CIS peacekeeping force continues and frequent meetings are held to discuss matters affecting the activities of the two.
(b) To support Member States in peace-building.
Provision of $6,000 is made for the cost of replacing accoutrements, blue berets and United Nations decals for contingent personnel and uniforms for local and Field Service personnel at a cost of $500 per month;
To these should be added the changing nature of conflict, which has led to a blurring of the lines of distinction between victims and aggressors.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
49. Governance is defined as the exercise of political, economic and administrative authority to manage a country’s affairs at all levels and the means by which States promote social cohesion and integration and ensure the well-being of their populations.
The following experts were appointed as members of the working group on 6 August 1997: Mr. Stanislav Chernichenko (Eastern Europe), Mr. Alberto Diaz Uribe (Latin America), Ms. Lucy Gwanmesia (Africa), Mr. Louis Joinet (Western European and other States) and Mr. Sang Yong Park (Asia).
(a) Relevant section of the report of the Economic and Social Council, Supplement No. 3 (A/53/3);
UNHCR also issues synthesis reports summarizing the findings and recommendations.
(b) Promote multilateral arrangements that encourage the exchange of essential information for effective monitoring of the international trade in precursors, to complement similar bilateral or regional agreements, with special emphasis on devising practical systems for sharing information on individual transactions.
Over the years, they have supported a large number of substantive conferences, meetings, seminars and workshops dealing with both promotional and operational aspects of South-South cooperation in an effort to promote increased awareness of TCDC and ECDC and also to address specific operational issues.
(g) Approves applications for parking decals for rented vehicles. Ext. Room
In respect of the Montreal Protocol, contribution tables are maintained separately for each year since the inception of the fund (1991), thus providing detailed information in respect of the age of unpaid pledges.
Recent statements to that effect by Second Prime Minister Hun Sen are encouraging.
The Special Committee was told that new settlements were built and the existing ones expanded not only for social but also for political and strategic purposes, believed to be aimed at isolating Palestinian towns and villages.
The actual premium for the period from 1 May 1996 to 29 January 1997 amounted to $9,200.
The same decision requested the Secretariat to prepare a list of nominations received by 31 May 1997, and to submit the list to the first session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 1) for the establishment of the roster of experts, after review by the Committee on Science and Technology.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/53/SR.4).
To respond to the growing vulnerability of seaports in Kenya, Mozambique, South Africa and the United Republic of Tanzania, a regional initiative was launched to establish and train specialized units or teams skilled in drug detection, intelligence analysis and investigative methods.
Moreover, demographic momentum, together with patterns of land use and energy consumption, has always affected local and subregional ecosystems.
In so far as possible, the secretariat shall complete each in-depth review that has been requested by a Party to the Convention within six months following receipt of the request and shall transmit a written report of the in-depth review to each Party to the Convention as soon as possible, but no later than four months, following completion of the in-depth review.
This five-year project was completed in 1997.
(e) Monitoring and assessing progress through networking among partners utilizing modern information techniques.
The report of the Task Force stressed that the message of the United Nations needed to be made relevant to people at the country level.
Central African Republic Lebanon Swaziland
89. An additional 21 States and territories were identified by a recent UNDCP survey as having some kind of maintenance programme: Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Croatia, Finland, Germany, Guatemala, Hong Kong, Iceland, Kyrgyzstan, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Mexico, Monaco, Morocco, Netherlands, Oman, Slovenia, Spain and Sweden.
911. The Committee welcomes the emergence of non-governmental organizations and the gradual steps to enhance cooperation between them and the Government.
For the most recent, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 23 (A/51/23); and ibid., Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 23 (A/52/23).
68. The results of the research and testing will be shared with all other user organizations and with the United Nations Development Group to determine whether a project for further research and for estimating implementation and operations costs could be jointly undertaken within existing resources.
Activities financed by the United Nations Development Programme
In all UNDCP activities in the field of demand reduction, priority will be given to strengthening key drug-control institutions.
12. Invites the Chairperson of the periodic meetings of the persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies to submit the reports of the meetings to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session;
Replace gender-sensitive demographic analysis with demographic analysis, including gender variables
Bilateral donors have also been joining these initiatives.
The Conference is intended to be the first step in a process that will raise awareness of the issues, create the conditions for an exchange of experiences, and establish networks of decision makers and experts in the region.
The Committee considers that the Governor-General's notification of 7 August 1997, unilaterally imposing timetables for the examination of communications under the Optional Protocol by the Committee, cannot be invoked as justification for any measure that would deviate from the Covenant, the Optional Protocol or requests by the Committee for interim measures of protection.
Participants accessed on-line comments, papers and the bulletin board, and were invited on a “Web tour” of interesting and relevant resources on the meeting’s topics.
26. He felt that the separation of "strengthening trade-supporting services" and "trade efficiency measures" in section I.B of the report was in contradiction with efforts to improve trade-supporting services where integration of trade efficiency and Trade Point efforts was of marked importance.
Phase III in other regions and subregions worldwide.
When the time comes to negotiate an international framework for its orderly development, those who will be in the best position to use it advantageously will be those who have actually utilized it.
1. Takes note with satisfaction of the report of the Secretary-General; A/53/324.
Registry of epidemiological assessment of medical and radiological problems – $1,350,000 (***)
An impressive network of indigenous and international grassroots non-governmental organizations has supported a wide range of development actions in Africa, especially in the major areas of fostering community participation, promoting self-help employment among rural women and youth, uplifting the poor and protecting the right of consumers.
111. The development of Africa remains a matter of the highest priority.
However, the Saami right to ownership of their ancestral land was never recognized or denied by any formal legislative act after 1751.
October 1978-March 1983 - Attorney in the Legal Advisory Department of the Commercial Bank of Ethiopia.
767. Finally, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the initial report and written replies presented by the State party be made widely available to the public at large and that the publication of the report be considered, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
The revised cost estimate provides for: (a) the cost of water supplied in the Luanda area at an average cost of $40,000 per month ($480,000); (b) propane (cooking) gas at a cost of $2,000 per month ($24,000); and (c) generator fuel at an average cost of $75,000 per month ($900,000). The estimate for generator fuel is based on actual recorded expenditure until 31 December 1997 and takes into account an increase in the cost of generator fuel from $0.111 to $0.16 per litre.
The General Assembly decides, without prejudice to the relevant rules of procedure governing the Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names, that the documents related to that Conference which are issued by the Secretariat should be translated into the six official languages.
Central America is making enormous efforts to meet the people’s most basic needs during this first phase of the emergency, and we thank the international community for its solidarity, understanding and support.
Many delegations praised the Department’s work in providing excellent electronic services, which were widely used every day, and pointed to its efforts in maintaining and enriching the United Nations home page on the World Wide Web.
However, during the biennium 1996-1997, the United Nations Office at Vienna converted the existing computerized documents control system, which had been in existence since 1980, from a mainframe-based to a LAN-based Paradox system.
19. Within this very limited financial context, it is envisaged that in the short term, UNDP will support the Government in the refinement of the new sustainable development plan.
This will occur at the opening meeting of the COP on 29 September 1997.
Country: Lithuania Fiscal year: 1 January 1996–1 January 1997
Special assistance to victims of amputations in Sierra Leone is being provided by UNICEF in the form of medical supplies to International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) teams and hospitals.
The third will focus on the trade and external financial relations of the economies in transition and will replace the Economic Bulletin for Europe;
It was organised with the support of UNDP and UNEP.
These would target technical staff, whereas other regional conferences or symposia recommended above would be aimed at the political level.
CONVENTION FOR THE UNIFICATION OF CERTAIN RULES
1. There has always been a need for a central storage facility for the assets of the Organization – and therefore, since the 1950s, there has been one – first at Naples; then at Pisa, from 1958 to 1994; and now at Brindisi.
143. Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations (P.146):
Subprogramme 13.1 Coordination and promotion of international drug control
However, as previously reported (A/52/687, para. 14), those responsible for extrajudicial executions, beatings and other forms of ill-treatment, which, in a few cases, resulted in death, were not systematically punished.
12. Invites the Russian Federation and the United States of America to keep other States Members of the United Nations duly informed of progress in their discussions and in the implementation of their strategic offensive arms agreements and unilateral decisions.
3. In its consideration of the question, the Special Committee took into account the provisions of the relevant General Assembly resolutions, including, in particular, the pertinent provisions of resolution 52/78 of 10 December 1997 on the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples and resolution 52/77 of the same date relating to specific Territories.
COMMITTEE ON THE PEACEFUL USES OF OUTER SPACE
Gross domestic product per capita growth;
Demonstrators burned United States and Israeli flags and simulated “terrorist” attacks in the courtyard of Al-Najah University where students dressed as suicide bombers staged explosions of cardboard buses.
UNCTAD/DTCI/32 World Investment Report, 1996
Exhumations of mass graves in the Prijedor area (RS) are also continuing.
At its 4th meeting, on 27 February, the SBI addressed the sub-item on national communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolutions 46/182 and 52/168), A/53/139–E/1998/67.
The Chairman informed the Committee that agenda item 12 would be considered on Tuesday, 11 November, followed by agenda item 97 (f).
The SBI welcomed the convening of the informal workshop and took note of the oral report of its Chairmen.
Later, the League of Nations created an Advisory Committee on Traffic in Opium and Other Dangerous Drugs to provide advice on drug-trafficking issues and to develop related international legislation.
The existing programme of activities for the Decade should therefore be examined and adjusted on the basis of the experiences of the first five years.
Annex II List of documents before the Committee at the first part of its thirty-eighth session
The Committee also points out that the next report to be issued by the Secretary-General should cover the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 September 1998, and should incorporate the annual report, as requested by the General Assembly in paragraph 12 of its resolution 51/243.
Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
“It therefore condemns the use of mercenaries and associates it with the violation of human rights, especially the right of peoples to self-determination”.
ANNEX REGISTRATION DATA FOR U.S. SPACE LAUNCHES
The representative of Zimbabwe read a message of the Chair-man of the Organization of African Unity.
paragraph 1, of the Convention (25), as at 21 August 1998
Activities under the international collaborative exercises will comprise: coordination, implementation and monitoring of the two annual rounds of the exercises; validation of unknown samples; evaluation of analytical results submitted by participating laboratories; statistical analysis and production of reports; and development of statistical methodology of the analysis of quantitative results.
Its Board members were recruited from the public and private sectors, including multinationals and the banking community.
45. The General Committee took note of paragraphs 4 and 5 (a) and (c) of annex I to resolution 48/264, which read as follows:
Secondly, there had been a shift from bulk commodities to high-value commodities.
The Committee notes with concern the absence of efforts by the Government to ensure and enforce compliance with wage, benefits and workers’ safety laws, including compliance with International Labour Organization (ILO) Conventions.
85. At the end of the reporting period, prospects for an early end to the current crisis in southern Sudan remained limited.
For each project, a baseline shall be established setting the net environmental benefits of greenhouse gas emission mitigation and reduction, as compared with a baseline without the project; and
In this connection, the Committee recalls its related comments in its first report on the proposed programme budget for 1998–1999.
The related decisions of the Special Committee are reflected in chapter III of the present report (see A/53/23 (Part II)).
I Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination
The representative of Benin made a statement.
The Working Group held eight meetings, from 14 October to 16 November.
24. In this, the fiftieth year of our independence, India stands at a defining moment in our history.
Estimated storage costs from December 1993 to mid-1995
Note by the Secretary-General (S/1997/774)
Two staff members were arrested by the Israeli authorities at Rafah terminal, of which one remained in detention in Israel at the close of the reporting period.
The European Union recently announced that a Troika visit to East Timor is being prepared and should take place soon.
It is anticipated that future expert forums will be important for the consideration of priority themes identified in the United Nations System-Wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control.
The General Assembly, by its resolution 51/213 of 18 December 1996, endorsed the recommendations of the Advisory Committee and appropriated the amount of $308,096,900 gross ($301,964,900 net) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, inclusive of the amount of $8,096,900 for the support account for peacekeeping operations.
81. It was suggested that, in the section regarding company law, references should be made to the settlement of disagreements among owners of the project company, responsibility of directors and administrators, including criminal responsibility, and the protection of interested third persons.
The High Commissioner fielded questions on a range of human rights issues from journalists at 10 radio networks around the world.
(c) Hospitals, clinics, and care institutions should be strictly monitored, in order to reduce the risk of abduction, sale and trafficking of children from such places;
(c) Recommendations that had already been implemented or were currently being implemented. Those were recommendations (k), (j) and (o).
(a) Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its third session;
Gender gaps in access to basic services and legal status have persisted, while violence against girls and women has increased.
(g) Take steps to generate information on actual costs of production and other expenses in order to control costs and help in the pricing of publications (para. 49);
Such illegal activities have severely contravened the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, seriously encroached upon China’s sovereignty and territorial integrity and grossly interfered in its internal affairs.
“Local agenda on ageing in the 1990s”, kit insert released in English, French and Spanish in April
7. Pays homage to the thousands of Kashmiri martyrs who have laid down their lives for their just cause and expresses total solidarity with all Kashmiri families who have lost their loved ones in the cause of freedom;
50. Notwithstanding the security and financial constraints that resulted in the delay in the repatriation, UNHCR made a tangible and visible impact in the returnee villages by rehabilitating social infrastructure.
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.29*
It is being studied by the UNITAR Board of Trustees, including by the recently established Appointments and Promotions Board.
52. The Committee proceeded to conduct a paragraph-by-paragraph reading of the new working paper, on the understanding that the reading was in the nature of a preliminary discussion only and that silence should not be taken to signify agreement.
7. The Advisory Committee points out that the financial crisis of the United Nations results from the lack of political will of some Member States to pay their assessed contributions in full, on time and without conditions.
(a) To provide good offices and expert advice as stipulated in the General Agreement;
Given the fact that the JIU Inspectors have based their report on a selective sample of fellowship activities and practices in a number of United Nations system organizations, a number of considerations and judgements included in the report may not reflect a system-wide perspective.
* Promotion of public transport and modal shifts for freight carriage
9. The Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia and the Division for Social Policy and Development of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat were represented.
Security incidents affecting relief personnel
Finally, it was suggested that the UNCTAD secretariat carry out an in-depth analysis and case studies of joint ventures and successful and unsuccessful contracts between transnational companies and their partners in the food processing sector of developing countries in order to assess the economic and social repercussions and impacts of cooperation.
Further information on the composition of the staff is contained in the report of the Secretary-General on the composition of the Secretariat.
(o) On humanitarian considerations, the Indonesian Government continues to allow East Timorese youth who seek political asylum in foreign embassies to leave Indonesia for Portugal.
The non-governmental community that participates in the Convention process is large, and diverse in its interests and opinions.
Under rule 96 of the rules of procedure, all working documents issued for the Committee are confidential unless the Committee decides otherwise.
(g) Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Qatar to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General transmitting the text of the final communiqué of the twenty-fifth session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held at Doha from 15 to 17 March 1998 (A/53/95–S/1998/311);
The Committee recalls that three regular budget posts (one D-1, two P-3) of the Investigation Section were converted from temporary into established posts for the biennium 1998–1999 and that one General Service (Other level) post was redeployed to the Section from the Central Evaluation Unit.
The COP may wish to draw on the first compilation and synthesis of second national communications of Annex I Parties (FCCC/SBI/1997/19 and Add.1) and its review by the SBI at the latter’s seventh session.
The Board noted instances of weaknesses in the maintenance of non-expendable inventory records and lack of regular inventory counts to facilitate accurate reporting on non-expendable property to Headquarters.
With registered refugees accounting for three quarters of the population, the highest proportion of any field, UNRWA played a preponderant role in providing services in the Gaza Strip.
Iraq is not allowed to import material for the treatment of plants.
Every year since 1980, the General Assembly has approved a resolution that calls on Member States to report their military expenditures.
The provision of $27,000 has been fully obligated to cover the potential costs of reimbursement to troop-contributing Governments for the use of contingent-owned vehicles and other equipment.
As participants at the third World Youth Forum of the United Nations System, we pledge our personal and unwavering commitment towards Youth Participation for Human Development.
C. Election of officers other than the President 8-11 5
This could help to ensure their effective implementation, which would be essential to advance sustainable development.
The paper, as approved by the experts, will be submitted to the fiftieth session of the Sub-Commission and the fifty—third session of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination in August 1998.
RESUMED TENTH EMERGENCY SPECIAL SESSION OF THE
47. In 1997, when the budget for the biennium 1998–1999 was prepared, no special provisions were made to address the year 2000 issue.
Some panellists emphasized that technical assistance should not be limited to seminars and the provision of experts, but should help to address the fundamental problems which limit the production capacity in least developed countries.
of the Kyrgyz Republic to of the Republic of Turkey to
This means that it is not always possible in the plan to take into account the latest legislative developments that may have a bearing on priorities.
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
Table 2 Resources provided for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998
Building a peaceful and better world through sport and the Olympic ideal: draft resolution (A/52/L.23/Rev.1) [24]
(c) They accord foreign countries the right to control Iraq's national resources, and they make it permissible for them to have free disposal of its assets and oil revenues.
52. Consideration should also be given to the strengthening of SU/TCDC in order to enable it to assist the Secretary-General and the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme in ensuring the promotion of TCDC on a system-wide basis.
Children are given basic education, HIV/AIDS awareness and medical care by the NGO Organization Friends.
Subprogramme 1.4 Security Council affairs
8. Encourages the Government of Haiti to ratify the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,40 the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment Resolution 39/46, annex. and the Optional Protocols to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights; See resolutions 2200 A (XXI), annex, and 44/128, annex.
28. The volume and complexity of both of these services has increased substantially in recent years owing entirely to the growth in peacekeeping operations.
(a) The present practice followed by the Presidency of the Security Council of briefing non-members should be continued.
The Committee, reiterating that the free functioning of non-governmental organizations is essential for the protection of human rights and dissemination of information in regard to human rights among the people, recommends that laws, regulations and administrative practices relating to their registration and activities be reviewed without delay in order that their establishment and free operation may be facilitated in accordance with article 22 of the Covenant.
Annex IV Current and proposed staffing tables
At 0400 hours the client militia fired a number of rounds in the direction of Bi'r al-Dahr from its position on Tallat Zaghlah.
While useful lessons could be drawn from their experiences, the central challenge under the present circumstances was to find new methods of public-private sector cooperation in the context of clear and flexible strategies for enterprise development.
They went on to capture Shiberghan, the provincial capital of Jozjan and General Dostum's stronghold, on 2 August.
The Committee welcomes and encourages these and other measures that may be taken to ensure a high quality of translation.
Secretary-General includes provision for Programme in proposed programme budget for 2002–2003.
The Advisory Committee was provided with detailed organization charts of each organ of the Tribunal (see annex II to the present report).
Subsequently, UNFICYP rehired the locally employed civilians based on proven performance at the levels established through a custom-designed classification process.
18. The Board will continue to monitor this matter in its future audits.
The authorized number of established local staff posts was 193.
TENTATIVE SCHEDULE OF MEETINGS FOR THE THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES*
40. The National Commission for UNESCO of the Philippines has translated it into the national language and distributed it nationwide.
The Committee’s annual report for the year 1996-1997 (A/52/40, paras. 32-39) included an account of the Committee’s recent discussions and decisions relating to working methods, and a summary of the informal meeting on procedures held on 27 and 28 July 1996.
Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development
The Board considered a draft decision submitted by the President (IDB.18/L.5) and adopted decision IDB.18/Dec.7 (see annex I).
(a) Appointment of the members of the Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women [17 (h)]
The issuance of retention/liquidation/disposal guidelines by the Field Administration and Logistics Division and the receipt of a revised delegation of authority for property control and accountability from the Controller and the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services, in November 1997, enabled UNLB to select and identify material for write-off that had earlier been considered for refurbishment, storage and/or redistribution.
“4. Also notes the delay in submission of proposals for revision of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, which may be necessary to facilitate the implementation of the procurement reform process, and requests the Secretary-General to submit such proposals to the General Assembly, through the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, for consideration by the Assembly at the second part of its resumed fifty-second session”
There are essentially four types of reconnaissance satellites, namely photographic, electronic, ocean surveillance and early-warning satellites.
However, with the remaining population determined to stay, many small businesses from the south have rapidly readjusted to the situation by using make-shift premises in the north.
The Committee convened its substantive session on 25, 26 and 28 August 1997 (399th to 403rd meetings) and its resumed substantive session on 21 October 1997 (404th meeting).
58. With regard to the commitment undertaken by the Government to promote rules and mechanisms for the protection of human rights, the Congress of the Republic of Guatemala, in its Legislative Decree No. 78-96, adopted in September 1996 the “Code on Children and Youth”.
This unilateral humanitarian decision emanates from the stated policy of the Government of Eritrea to release unconditionally Ethiopian soldiers captured in the unfortunate conflict.
The observer for Switzerland also made a statement.
(f) The need to formulate multidisciplinary programmes of communication, public information and education at all levels, with regard to future El Niño events;
The certificate shall refer to the prototype test report, the substances or group of substances allowed to be transported, the materials of construction of the shell and lining (when applicable) and an approval number.
The representative of the Philippines, on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document, introduced and orally revised the draft resolution.
III. International support to microcredit lending
(c) International contractual personnel —
Statement by the United States of America
The third element was the development of marketing through: networking, collaboration with foreign institutions, information to the foreign public of the overall quality and cost advantage of the health care system.
CSO prepared by country office in collaboration with Government and technical support from headquarters; Executive Board reviews CSO
Landing fees and ground handling (total costs)
Pursuant to Article 13 of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the Conference of the Parties hereby establishes a Multilateral Consultative Process ("the process") in the form of a set of procedures to be served by [a standing] [an ad hoc] Multilateral Consultative Committee ("the Committee") [of the Subsidiary Body on Implementation]. Objective
The staffing requirements had been reduced from 203 to 189 posts in the original budget for the 1998/1999 fiscal year as a result of the reduction of the military component of UNPREDEP from 1,050 to 750 troops.
(e) Reduction of energy losses and greenhouse gas emissions, in particular methane, when extracting, transporting, and distributing energy;
The Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will hold pre-session informal consultations on all matters before the first regular session 1998 and in particular on document DP/1998/3 on the review of policy implications of change on core and non-core funding.
14. The Board of Trustees considered 47 applications from indigenous communities and organizations requesting financial assistance to participate in the fifteenth session of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations, held at Geneva from 17 July to 1 August 1997, and five applications requesting financial assistance to participate in the third session of the Working Group established by the Commission on Human Rights, held at Geneva from 27 October to 7 November 1997.
The United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture channels humanitarian assistance to an increasing number of organizations that help victims of torture every year.
GDPa at constant 1977 prices (Millions of EC$)b
17. Recognizes the need for effective systems at the intergovernmental and departmental levels to ensure that activities correspond to the mandates reflected in the medium-term plan and programme budgets, as well as the need to monitor and evaluate the quality of performance;
VI. DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES 18 - 19 9
– Sixty-seventh Ordinary Session of the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity
It requires extensive research to identify firms that are likely candidates to invest in the country and ways in which those investments can be made to meet investor needs and development objectives.
At 2115 hours the Lahad militia fired five 120-mm shells at Marj Bisri from its position at Sfariyah.
The Georgian side appreciated the opening of a resident embassy in Tbilisi and indicated its intention to open an embassy in Bucharest in the course of 1999.
A. Legislation enacted to give effect to the 1988 Convention 8-14 4
(b) Guidelines and recommendations for regional approaches to disarmament within the context of global security (A/48/42, annex II), adopted in 1993;
"Annex I Parties" means Parties included in Annex I [insert identification of the Annexes listing developed country Parties making commitments for QELROs and policies and measures].
9. The Committee notes from paragraph 24 of the performance report that the increase of the 1998 vacancy factor in the adjustments to standards reflects only vacancies occurring in 1998 and would have no impact on the ability of the United Nations to recruit in 1999 and that initial appropriation vacancy rates of 5 per cent for Professionals and 2.5 per cent for General Service are retained for 1999.
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS IN THE PALESTINIAN ECONOMY, 1995—1997
The time allocated to such presentations may be limited to no more than 30 minutes.
Other elements in the effort to improve governance include strengthening of the judicial system and reform of the civil police.
For example, figure 1 of the report shows that there will be 20,500 troops, 6,300 military observers and 5,100 international and local staff as at July 1998.
The proposals from Pakistan and Azerbaijan were submitted at the request of Turkey and they seek the deletion of the name of Turkey from the lists of Parties included in annexes according to Articles 15 and 16 or through the review process envisaged in Article 4.2(f) of the Convention.
UNDP's capability in this field could be an important instrument for promoting efforts to optimize the use of existing resources.
Ascertained the veracity of charges and collected any evidence required to incriminate or clear the accused. While the investigation was ongoing, the judge could at his discretion keep the accused in detention or release him.
In 1998, the demobilization of the last armed groups among the ex-combatants was completed.
48. In support of these efforts, the office of the Special Representative has initiated contacts with key actors in the international assistance community in Afghanistan, including representatives of donor countries, United Nations agencies, ICRC and non-governmental organizations.
(b) Fourth meeting of the World Criminal Justice Library Network, held at Washington, D.C., from 18 to 21 October 1997, upon the invitation of the National Institute of Justice;
It had before it proposals in respect of programme 16, Economic development in Europe.
The Committee resumed consideration of the item and the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Adel Abdellatif (Egypt), informed the Committee of the results of the informal consulta-tions held on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.24 and drew the Com-mittee’s attention to draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.24/Rev.1.
(b) Digital products with the following options: data density of 1,600 bpi or 6,250 bpi on computer compatible and 8 mm cartridge tape.
In two other cases the victims’ throats were cut while they were still alive and their tongues were cut out.
International forum on the implementation of the Programme of Action
36. At the 2nd meeting, Mr. Weissbrodt provided the working group with a document concerning the development of guidelines in order to facilitate the implementation of the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and to encourage the countries which had not done so to ratify the Convention*.
136. Over 1,596 fellows have completed UNU training and fellowship programmes since they began in 1976.
(d) protection of the shell against damage from impact or overturning by use of an ISO frame in accordance with ISO 1496-3:1995;
He called on the new Government to take action to investigate the cases of extrajudicial killings, to ensure the freedom of expression, and to combat discrimination against minorities.
15.12 The impact of mandatory savings cannot be estimated in monetary terms alone.
49. Information on areas of relative safety should be publicized to ensure an encouraging investment climate.
In February 1998, the European Union launched a campaign with similar objectives, namely, to support registration activities and facilitate personal documentation.
The Committee’s mandate has been renewed annually by the General Assembly in its resolutions on the subject since 1955 until the present time.
Nevertheless, as the Kay Famm spokesperson has stressed, judges often blame a woman’s rape on her “sex appeal” and wife-beating on the victim’s “disobedience” or remarks to her husband.
“The Committee has noted with alarm the number of States parties which have entered reservations to the whole or part of article 16, especially when a reservation has also been entered to article 2, claiming that compliance may conflict with a commonly held vision of the family, based, inter alia, on cultural or religious beliefs or on a country’s economic or political status.
8. In the judgement, the Tribunal remarked that 100 series appointments were, for posts above the P-3 level, open to external candidates who have not passed any kind of competitive examination (para.
III. Consolidated expenditures since inception on 1 November 1991 to 31 December 1995 as at 28 February 1998
19. In the document entitled “Revised budget estimates for the biennium 1996–1997 and budget estimates for the biennium 1998–1999" (DP/1997/29), the Executive Director reported to the Executive Board that the value of the Office portfolio at the end of 1997 was targeted to reach a total for both the project and services portfolios of $3 billion, and that this was not projected to increase significantly in the biennium 1998–1999.
United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)
111. The General Assembly may wish to call for increased coordination and rationalization in developing shared administrative services and the rationalization of existing procedures.
(d) Guidelines and best practices on the topics identified for attention , including soil biota, pollinators and integrated land management practices and farming systems;
But, much as it may try to do so by playing the victim, the Eritrean regime has not succeeded in deceiving any objective observer of its heinous acts.
137. The various organs of the two Tribunals have continuously exchanged information and experience on various aspects of their respective mandates.
Subprogramme 28.1 Economic and Social Council support and coordination
Communicate to the Meeting of the Parties, through the secretariat, information related to the implementation of their commitments under this Protocol, in accordance with Article 7 andArticle 10.2(a) and (b) and Article 12 of the Convention, taking fully into account the guidelines for communications adopted by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention and any subsequent guidelines that the Meeting of the Parties may adopt.
69. Particular difficulties may arise in situations where large numbers of people are trying to return to their original homes.
347. The Committee considered the tenth, eleventh and twelfth periodic reports of Cuba (CERD/C/319/Add.4) at its 1290th and 1291st meetings, on 12 and 13 August 1998, and, at its 1301st meeting, on 20 August 1998, adopted the following concluding observations.
9. We reiterate our support for the mandate contained in the Plan of Action adopted by the Second Summit of the Americas concerning the need to strengthen the Committee on Hemispheric Security of the Organization of American States (OAS) and to organize, early in the next decade, a special conference on security under the auspices of OAS.
Furthermore, Aérospatiale is participating as a major partner in the construction of the Globalstar satellites.
4. Emphasizes the importance of recognizing and addressing the specific concerns of economies in transition so as to help them to benefit from globalization with a view to their full integration into the world economy;
In that connection, member States reaffirmed their commitment to contribute financially to the Committee's programme of activities.
211. The prevailing view was that it would be premature to undertake the preparation of the suggested convention.
7. Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations: report of the Fifth Committee * [120].
18. These harmful effects of advances in computing even invade the private lives of men and women by surreptitiously introducing an “outsider” in the family circle through networks and through the spread of information, which is either tainted and disrespectful of the rights of women and children (pornography, paedophilia, cyber—casinos and games of chance), or which cannot be monitored, making it impossible to identify the person or persons responsible.
Since some of the services now covered under wet leases were contracted out by the missions (such as catering, laundry, cleaning and gardening), the Committee points out that it is probable that the United Nations paid twice for at least some of the items covered under wet-lease arrangements.
IFAD International Fund for Agricultural Development
In this device, sensing molecules respond to the analyte by mechanical vibrations that, in turn, can be translated into electric signals proportional to the amount of analyte.
This was also the conclusion of the last periodical meeting of the Secretary-General with the Heads of the regional organizations (27 and 28 July 1998).
32. After five years of war, Burundi has the largest internally displaced and regrouped populations of any country in the region of the Great Lakes.
43. The Special Rapporteur correctly noted that: "The right to leave is directly dependent on the ability or possibility to enter another country.
12. Environmental costs should be charged to income in the period in which they are identified, unless the criteria for recognition as an asset have been met, in which case they should be capitalized and amortized to the income statement over the current and appropriate future periods.
to the General Assembly on the implementation of the Global Strategy for Shelter to the Year 2000
11. The problem of the abuse of and trafficking in stimulants has been increasing in recent years and has now reached a global scale.
2. Persons who order, organize, directly perpetrate, connive in or sanction such violations, irrespective of whether they are acting in an official capacity or are able to influence the Government by virtue of the positions they occupy, shall be held criminally responsible at national or international level.
In closing the session, the Chairman noted that this was his last meeting as Chairman of the SBI.
The improvement in productivity was welcomed, particularly in the delivery of parliamentary services, and the programme managers and staff were commended on realizing a high rate of implementation during a period of profound change for the Organization, which was characterized by severe budgetary constraints and continuous reform efforts.
6. Since part of the Plan is contingent on the mobilization of additional resources, it follows that by no means all of the new proposals will in fact be
373. The Committee recommends the inclusion in the constitution and all relevant legislation of a definition of discrimination which reflects that in article 1 of the Convention.
Rapporteur: Mr. Fayssal Mekdad (Syrian Arab Republic)
At any time after three years from the date on which this Protocol has entered into force for a Party, that Party may withdraw from this Protocol by giving written notification to the Depositary.
Further career support initiatives were being developed in the context of the Secretary-General’s overall review of the Organization’s management of human resources.
This is confirmed by the six impact evaluations covered in the next section.
The Commission also adopted, at its closing meeting, on 21 February 1997, a Message to the fifth session of the Commission on Sustainable Development, reproduced in annex III of its report.
32. Ms. Ghania Malhees, Director-General for Economic Affairs, League of Arab States, said that the Palestinian development plan could not be discussed in isolation from the necessary barometers needed for planning.
Provision of $592,800 is made for reimbursement to troop-contributing countries for troop costs at the approved standard rates for a total of 560 person/months in accordance with the deployment schedule indicated in subparagraph (a).
62. No provision is made under this heading.
41. The early-warning satellites have been deployed by both the United States and the Russian Federation.
99. The two years since the adoption of resolution 50/225 by the General Assembly have witnessed a growing volume of analysis, research and experimentation on the role of the State and the public sector in the development process.
12. At their nineteenth summit, held at Panama City from 10 to 13 July 1997, the Central American Presidents approved a reform of the System of Regional Integration to allow the transition from an intergovernmental system to a community system.
This often involves reorganizing old structures, revising old procedures, allowing managers more freedom and increasing reliance on automated technologies.
It was mentioned that such stereotypes were not only the responsibility of the media but also involved the society at large.
They provide the rural population with access to savings within the local area and with a certain cushion against economic fluctuations, and they encourage a cooperative and community feeling.
61. Since the beginning of the International Decade, the ILO has initiated a number of technical cooperation projects and programmes to increase awareness of the situation of indigenous and tribal peoples and to promote improvements in their living and working conditions.
“Bearing in mind Security Council resolution 1172 (1998) of 6 June 1998,
3. Furthermore, the Unit notes that its biennial programme budget relates to a January–December cycle and that action on the budget by the General Assembly coincides with the General Assembly’s biennial review of the annual reports of the Unit. In view of A/53/180
She stated that one day when her water tank was leaking, she decided to go up to the roof but as soon as she turned on the staircase lights a soldier charged towards her with a gun.
It also noted with appreciation that one Annex I Party had already submitted its second national communication to the secretariat;
In Colombia, Colcafe is a subsidiary of Colombia’s largest food manufacturing operation, while the Federación de Cafetoros operates the country’s only freeze-dried facility.
277. The Committee is pleased to learn that the Indonesian Government has addressed the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action through the introduction of an Indonesian National Action Plan.
The Secretary-General shall neither seek nor receive instructions or emoluments from any Government or any external authority.
It is of course necessary to analyze the availability, collectability and cost effectiveness of the data.
Similar developments were felt in sub-Saharan Africa during 1997, where total external debt also fell by 2 per cent ($4.6 billion) to $223 billion.
(e) To consult regularly on a formal and informal basis with all States on the follow-up to the Declaration on the Right to Development;
(a) Drug abuse prevention in the school environment;
The Presidents call on the "Taliban" Movement and other influential Afghan forces both within the country and outside it to engage in constructive dialogue in the interests of preserving Afghan statehood and achieving a stable peace and an economic and cultural renaissance on Afghan soil.
Welcoming the signing on 26 September 1997 by Belarus, Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation, Ukraine and the United States of America of a number of significant agreements that contribute to ensuring the viability of the Treaty on the Limitation of Anti-Ballistic Missile Systems,
Meanwhile, OHCHR undertakes to ensure better conditions of work and more effective coordination in both areas within existing resources.
14. Adoption of Organization of Work (ICCD/COP(1)/1, Corr.1) and establishment of Committee of the Whole
Statements were made by the representatives of Canada, the Republic of Korea, El Salvador, Honduras, Norway, Oman, Singapore, Nicaragua, Japan, Indonesia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Bahrain and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
Consumable sanitary and cleaning materials and supplies (based on historical consumption patterns in MISAB).
1. As indicated in the table below, provision of $3,738,200 for mission subsistence allowance is based on the phased deployment of military observers for a total of 25,719 person days and $111,100 to cover the mission subsistence allowance during the period from 17 April to 12 July 1998 in connection with the strengthening of the Office of the Special Envoy, as follows:
211. Palestinian-Israeli multilateral negotiations over water were stalled in a deadlock.
The audit recommendation is noted and accepted.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/450);
40. The organized repatriation of Somali refugees from camps in Ethiopia to north-western Somalia, which started in February 1997, is continuing.
18. The Special Representative met Second Prime Minister Hun Sen on 4 June.
58. It will be recalled that, in 1944, the Bretton Woods Conference decided to set up the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) for the purpose of helping to improve world trade relations.
By its resolution 51/241, the Assembly provided for further steps to be taken to rationalize and streamline the agenda, based on the Guidelines on the Rationalization of the Agenda of the General Assembly agreed to by the Assembly in annex I to its resolution 48/264 and, in particular, to make greater use of clustering, biennialization or triennialization of agenda items.
Conforming to the terms of an authorization means that employees execute their assigned duties in accordance with directives and within the limitations established by management or legislation.
Other than staff costs, core requirements for 1999 include an amount of USD 60,000 for travel of staff to enable attendance at relevant meetings of the United Nations and other international and intergovernmental organizations and at ad hoc consultations.
ITLOS International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea
40. In November 1997, the Programme Approval Committee for the Trust Fund held its second session, in which it approved a total of $663,000 to 22 projects addressing the problem of violence against women in Azerbaijan, Botswana, Burundi, Croatia, Ghana, Israel, Kenya, Kiribati, Kyrgyzstan, Lithuania, Mali, Nepal, Nigeria, the Philippines, Poland, Slovenia, Turkey, and the Ukraine.
The Council also decided that those organs should continue to monitor developments in international information in conformity with the goals of the Gulf Cooperation Council.
(on the financial situation of the United Nations)
165. The operational follow-up to the special session will involve the key international financial institutions. It will also equip the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to assist countries in combating organized crime more effectively and in reducing the supply of illicit drugs.
Improved legal protection against discrimination and racial hatred is needed as was illustrated during the election campaign.
Accordingly, UNDP has to phase in activities in such a manner that all costs will remain within the amount provided from the regular budget for the biennium 1998–1999.
The situation in the occupied territories of Croatia [94]
An Annual Programme for Finnish-Estonian Cooperation on economic and technical assistance between the two countries has been in existence since 1996.
16. Reaffirms the importance attached by Member States to the role of United Nations information centres in effectively and comprehensively disseminating information in all parts of the world, in particular in developing countries and countries in transition, and especially in those countries where there is need for greater understanding about United Nations activities;
Furthermore, the People, Land Management and Environmental Change (PLEC) programme of UNU is a demonstration and capacity-building project concerned with the conservation of biological diversity in agricultural lands located in priority ecosystems and managed by farmers and pastoralists.
Many of the public's criticisms of the international system of human rights and the United Nations system of protection, security and response to conflict have to do with this contradiction between their expectations of these bodies in an increasingly global world and the actual capacity they have for response to the new situations.
Exercise of the right to reparation includes access to the applicable international procedures.
Item 20 (b) of the preliminary listA/53/50.
This is largely due to the weak institutional mechanisms for monitoring and enforcing their implementation.
The Board has reported on the organizations listed in the annex to the present report.
26. The year 2000 compliance activities commenced at UNHCR approximately one year ago.
Some polymers reinforced with clays that have been exfoliated to produce sheets with nanometer spacing have shown greatly increased mechanical properties and higher service temperatures with only a few per cent of the clay additive.
Such action should pay particular attention to vulnerable groups, especially indigenous peoples and local communities dependent for their livelihoods on the sea.
The Committee was informed that 17 posts had been transferred from headquarters to the field as part of the decentralization effort, and it is aware that 15 posts have been added to the support budget as mentioned in paragraph 16 above.
At 1420 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.
In 1996, ECA led the effort to develop the African Information Society Initiative – an action framework for promoting improved public policy for the adoption of new information technology in Africa.
101. At its 17th meeting, on 15 June 1998, the Committee considered proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.
B. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from inception to 31 May 1998
They were of the view that the Bureau should remain as presently constituted, and considered that concerns of special interest groups should be accommodated within the various regional groups.
The unutilized balance of $20,000 was due to the reduction in the number of military police assigned to Netanya, from five to three in May 1996 and the lower number of UNIFIL personnel travelling in the Tel Aviv/Netanya area.
The Subcommission, noting with appreciation the contributions of Sweden to the early development of its work, accepted its resignation with understanding.II. MAJOR THEMES COVERED BY RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE SUBCOMMISSION
An informal pre-session information briefing on matters before the Executive Board at its first regular session for 1998 (26-28 and 30 January 1998) will take place on Friday, 16 January 1998, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
II. EXPERIENCES IN ACCESSING ENVIRONMENTALLY SOUND 9-26 TECHNOLOGIES AND CAPACITY-BUILDING
2. Declares its firm opposition to acts of foreign military intervention, aggression and occupation, since these have resulted in the suppression of the right of peoples to self-determination and other human rights in certain parts of the world;
However, reduced implementation was typical for most of the political affairs programmes, including peacekeeping, reflecting the difficulties in predicting output patterns.
UNICEF’s programmes of cooperation are guided by the Convention on the Rights of the Child7 and the specific goals and targets agreed to at the World Summit for Children.
In the case of Ukraine, there had also been discussion as to possible future courses of action that the Government might wish to pursue, in respect of which the Fund provided further information on former participants who are citizens of Ukraine.
The briefings will take place at 1.15 p.m. or upon completion of the Council’s deliberations, in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
Since the launching of the Trade Point Programme in 1994, the number of requests for assistance in the establishment and operation of Trade Points has grown exponentially.
27. In order to implement this recommendation, provision has been made in the present budget for the following:
The experience gained through such arrangements could benefit the multilateral trading system.
Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations [114]
Note submitted by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization on a meeting of the Administrative Committee on Coordination held on 30 and 31 October 1998
It is in the common interest of States that treaties to which they have chosen to become parties are respected, as to their object and purpose, by all parties and that States are prepared to undertake any legislative changes necessary to comply with their obligations under the treaties.
The views of the Executive Committee would be appreciated on this issue.
The assistance in these areas during the period amounted to 113 million Swedish krona (January–June 1998: 37 million SKr).
III. Humanitarian assistance, rehabilitation and development
It is noteworthy, though, that the United Kingdom and Ireland have begun increasing aid as a proportion of gross domestic product (GDP).
Considering also that the hair-trigger alert of nuclear weapons carries unacceptable risks of unintentional or accidental use of nuclear weapons, which will have catastrophic consequences for all mankind,
68. The Institute also submitted a paper to a meeting held by the International Organization for Standardization in Singapore in January, in which it pointed out a serious error in the coding scheme that the working group for the standardization of the coding for traditional Mongolian script had been considering.
33. All CARICOM countries were invited to participate in the following training activities:
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the items are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/52/SR.62, 68 and 68/Add.1).
22. Encouraging awareness and commitment among young women and young men to sustainable development principles and practices, especially in regard to environmental protection, and supporting the actions of youth in promoting those principles in cooperation between countries, based on their mutual needs and common interests;
Played a very active role in the gathering of evidence of grave violations of international humanitarian law and acts of genocide committed against the Tutsi ethnic group by Hutu elements.
In this context consultations should be undertaken at an appropriate time and under the guidance of the Bureau of the COP in order to launch this process.
The relevant provisions of the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Specialized Agencies of the United Nations of 21 November 1947 applies mutatis mutandis to the Tribunal.
• Poverty eradication and improving the living conditions of people everywhere should be the overriding objective of the Council’s efforts to ensure an integrated and coordinated follow-up to conferences.
In the final analysis, however, the determination that 15 per cent over the net salary levels of the comparator would be sufficient to account for the three identified factors was determined pragmatically.
The High Commissioner was exploring the possibility of obtaining more delegated authority in the management of the Office.
Inquiries may be made in person, by telephone, by fax or by e-mail to each of the following service points:
The team noted in particular the taxation system for cars introduced in 1992 which encourages the purchase of energy efficient cars, although it is still uncertain whether this has been sufficient to establish a trend towards cars with less fuel consumption.
918. With regard to the implementation of article 4 of the Convention and taking into account the reallocation of resources since the beginning of the armed conflict in 1990, as well as the impact of the transition to a market economy, the Committee notes with concern the inadequacy of measures to ensure the full implementation of children's economic, social and cultural rights to the maximum extent of available resources.
These include drug revolving funds, laboratory fees, partial or full payment for services, and other arrangements.
2. The United Nations Protection Force (UNPROFOR) was established by the Security Council in its resolution 743 (1992) of 21 February 1992.
Such a consideration may also be relevant to agenda item 3 (b): Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
Moreover, the United Nations Mine Action Service will focus on providing substantive progress reports to show contributors the results achieved by activities undertaken with their donated resources.
THE SITUATION IN AFGHANISTAN AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PEACE AND SECURITY
A publication will be issued in the last quarter of 1998.
8. The position of the regular budget shows some continuing improvement.
An inventory list of all radionuclides, their activities, chemical composition and location should be created.
The site is sponsored by a number of organizations, including the World Bank.
10B.2 When the new Executive Director took up his duties in the first year of the second biennium, a process of reform was initiated which included an in-depth review of the needs of the beneficiary countries as well as a review of ITC’s mandate, strengths and weaknesses.
(d) Two short studies on the possible limitations on the production of fissile materials.
(c) At this early stage of the pilot phase, most data on the costs and the amount of GHG abated are only estimates and are, therefore, not a suitable basis for analysis;
(b) be jacketed with a material having a melting point of 700 °C or greater.
27. In the case of the $106 million United Nations Conference Centre in Addis Ababa, constructed in 1995, neither the broker nor the Insurance Section could confirm whether the premises had been inspected for insurance purposes.
India Tunisia Ireland Turkey Italy United Kingdom of Great Mauritania Britain and Northern Ireland
156. It was proposed to include among the elements of the financial proposals mentioned in paragraph 67 the requirement that the project consortia submit letters of intent issued by the prospective lenders or other satisfactory evidence of their commitment to provide the financing to the project.
4. United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery.
For the people of Israel, these quotations raise hard questions.
In its work under the Optional Protocol, the Committee strives to arrive at its decisions by consensus.
28. The secretariat's experience to date, obtained in close collaboration with the private sector and NGOs, in promoting the establishment of an international microfinance market suggests that investment by international private investors in microfinance in developing countries is feasible.
The Committee continued its general debate and heard statements by the representatives of Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Malaysia, Brunei Darussalam, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Japan, the United States, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Tunisia and the Sudan.
Taking note of the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency, the latest of which is GC(42)RES/43 adopted on 25 September 1998,
The Department has also been in contact with a number of airlines to publicize the fiftieth anniversary through pro-bono public service announcements in their in-flight magazines.
Provision for non-recurrent expenses for the shipment of uniform items, flags and decals is shown in section B of the present annex.
The condition of religious and ethnic minorities must have a place in the agenda of the Government.
The emergence of Lebanon from the past period of conflict and the achievements and experience accumulated in recent years have been a considerable success, which merits the attention, and the increased and further support, of the international community.
The Symposium emphasized the importance of respecting the basic norms of human rights and safeguarding fundamental principles such as the right to refuge in the event of persecution and the principle of non-expulsion.
He noted that to carry forward obligations arising under the contract with the Civilian Establishment and Pay Office might have introduced a future liability for the Organization for the entire cost of the termination benefits and would have made the administration of those contracts more complicated.
It assisted with pre-liquidation planning activities in support of several missions and with the planning of the potential establishment or expansion of four new operations.
League of Nations, United Nations and Specialized Agencies Collections
(e) Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights. Fifth Committee
41. The spokesman for the African Group (Morocco) said the time had come to reflect on what had been accomplished since 1992 with regard to the interface between trade, environment and development as well as on what had hindered the fulfilment of a number of objectives essential to the balance of environmental obligations and legitimate concerns of economic and social development.
The importance of prioritization has been repeatedly and correctly stressed by donor Governments.
Local staff salaries Overtime (total costs)
The Committee also recommended that proposals related to efficiency measures form a distinct part of the performance report and be treated separately from information on changes related to currency fluctuation and inflation.
CCAMLR indicated that at its next meeting it would review the effectiveness of the adopted measures and, if necessary, develop additional measures, such as port State control and trade-related measures.
International collaboration agreements among firms have become increasingly prominent.
II. THE OBSTACLES TO DEMOCRACY AND THE MEANS OF OVERCOMING THEM
According to managerial staff within the Office of General Services at that time, the number of procurement staff was also inadequate to handle the new responsibility created by expanded peacekeeping operations, including the volume of contracts that required processing.
34. Proposal submitted by Croatia and Switzerland (A/AC.252/1998/WP.33)
Agreements with consultants and institutions
The Committee noted with satisfaction the attitude of Cameroon in that regard.
Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 16 December 1966
22. The Department for Disarmament Affairs continued to design and implement the United Nations disarmament fellowship, training and advisory services programme, which is designed for young diplomats, particularly from developing countries.
In paragraph 7 of the resolution, the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-third session a report on the status of the additional Protocols based on information received from Member States.
82. On the question of the publicity to be given to the work of the United Nations in the field of decolonization, the Special Committee adopted a resolution (A/AC.109/2120) which it recommended to the General Assembly for action at its fifty-third session (see chap. III of the present report, A/53/23 (Part II)).
In 1974, we demonstrated our nuclear capability.
The total credit line amounted to US$ 60 million in March 1998, benefiting 10 local banks.
In view of the fact that the multilateral debt cannot be rescheduled, still less cancelled, the measures proposed seem to be simple stopgap devices designed to ensure repayment of the debt.
11. Election-related supplies and services
(a) An examination of the country’s objectives and competitive position in attracting FDI, providing a dynamic, medium- to long-term perspective on how to tap emerging regional and global opportunities;
Political will is still needed to enforce such clauses.
IFAD-financed projects and programmes are geared to enhancing food production systems and to strengthening related policies and institutions within the national policy framework.
Violence of the tongue precedes violence of the gun.
1. On 6 February 1998, the closing date of the eighteenth session of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, there were 161 States parties to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, which was adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 34/180 of 18 December 1979 and opened for signature, ratification and accession in New York in March 1980.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
The Board noted during a visit to the Programme’s Regional Centre for Asia that, during 1995 and 1996, an official at the Northern Narcotics Control Centre had embezzled the local currency equivalent to $11,000 in project monies by cashing individuals’ cheques intended to refund unspent travel and subsistence advances.
Statements were made by the representatives of Egypt, Slovakia, Honduras (on behalf of the Central American countries), Ghana, Romania, the Syrian Arab Republic, Algeria, India, Kazakhstan, Bolivia, Latvia, Malaysia, Pakistan, the Philip-pines and Colombia.
Written in conformity with established procedures and subject to the approval of the Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator (UNSECOORD), it defines the responsibilities of each person at the duty station, the actions to be taken and the sequence to be followed.
92. The presentation of cash accounting reports of five out of eight National Committees did not conform to UNICEF prescribed format.
In December 1997 the General Conference approved the agency’s “business plan,” calling for the effective decentralization of activities and the strengthening of field representation through the redeployment of resources to the field, the appropriate delegation of authority and the formulation of key functions and responsibilities of the field offices.
ECA pledged to render technical assistance in five areas among the Democratic Republic of the Congo’s development priorities which fall within the Commission’s work programme: (a) national statistics and information systems development; (b) public sector reform; (c) community participation; empowerment and good governance; (d) poverty assessment and policy formulation; and (e) regional infrastructural linkages.
(b) Certified by the President of the International Court of Justice as relating to unforeseen expenses relating to the Court ($223,600);
UNFPA has strengthened the controls at the field office concerned.
Despite the information revolution, sources of market information were frequently not sufficiently publicized and access to market information for specialized products was often difficult, partly because of the technology required or the cost involved.
Media representatives expect a continuous flow of accurate and newsworthy information from the Organization.
496. At its fifty-third session, the Committee noted that the General Assembly had commended its work regarding the examination of reports and action on communications under article 14 of the Convention.
He further noted that "some of the applicable standards of international law are not being adhered to ... They are not allowed freedom of movement.
FCCC/SBI/1997/MISC.3 Financial mechanism: Review process referred to in
Specialized agency documents and publications acquired
- Man-days = 6 (experts) x 15 (days) x $200 = $ 18 000
All Chief Procurement Officers to have the right of direct access to the Director, Procurement Division, on professional matters
110. Turkmenistan has stressed that its harvesting of straddling fish stocks (in particular, trout), done only for scientific purposes, was regulated by the recommendations of the Commission on Bioresources of the Caspian Sea, which was created in 1992 by fishing agencies of the Russian Federation, Azerbaijan, Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan.
Accordingly, during the first segment (13-19 May 1997), the Committee considered organizational matters and held the general debate under agenda item 6.
Prior to this, in the last few weeks, Israeli trucks have transported soil from the south of Mahel al-Dardarah and Marj al-Khayyam in the occupied area of Marj Uyun to an area on the Israeli side of the border.
21. Systematic observation of those African countries which have suffered the presence of mercenaries has made it possible to develop a profile of this phenomenon, the main characteristics of which are the following:
A total of 704 attacks have been carried out against members and facilities of the Ministry of the Interior of the Republic of Serbia. Ninety-four police officers were killed in a bestial way, 20 of them police reservists, while 193 were gravely and 140 lightly wounded.
Replace paragraph (b) with the following:
The appropriation should be assessed at a monthly rate of $10.9 million gross ($10,571,875 net) for the period from 1 November 1998 to 30 June 1999, subject to the decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of MONUA beyond 26 February 1999 (see Security Council resolution 1213 (1998)).
Regarding the amount of interest earned on reserves held by Aetna, the Treasury of the United Nations indicated, in an informal memorandum dated 21 March 1996, that “5 per cent in 1995 definitely underperformed the market” and advised recovery of the funds.
Implementation of the Directive is essentially the responsibility of the Lawyers and Detention Facility Management Section of the Registry, created on 1 July 1997.
It should be acknowledged that their record of success is outstanding.
8. The Expert Meeting will take place simultaneously with the second annual Conference of the World Association of Investment Promotion Agencies (WAIPA).
1. Calls upon the nuclear-weapon States to demonstrate an unequivocal commitment to the speedy and total elimination of their respective nuclear weapons and, without delay, to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to the elimination of these weapons, thereby fulfilling their obligations under Article VI of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons;108
With national resources and the help of international cooperation agencies, progress has also been made in strengthening the development councils and the municipal and departmental technical units, thereby improving the response capacity of these bodies.
This compares with 35 per cent of all European cocaine arrests made at airports in 1994, an increase from 883 airport arrests in 1994 to 1,131 in 1995.
The additional documentation provided during the in-depth review threw further light on these issues and revised some previous estimates based on a more detailed assessment in line with the IPCC guidelines.The team noted that the communication provided a broad overview of the energy conservation efforts as well as a description of management practices related to forests.
Such being the situation, the most reasonable way to achieve national reunification is to form a unified State in accordance with the three principles of national reunification set out in the 4 July “North-South Joint Statement”, which transcend ideas and systems.
The study continued to observe that Israel had obtained orders for the demolition of 615 of the “illegal” buildings which had been completed in 1997 and 74 demolition orders for those constructed in 1998.
(b) the financial rules referred to in article 22, paragraph 2 (e) of the Convention, or
Several inter-office vouchers were not transferred because they totalled less than $50.
2.3 UNDP: APPLYING THE PRINCIPLES OF TRANSPARENCY, NEUTRALITY AND UNIVERSALITY IN ITS OPERATIONS
The strategy also emphasized implementing the international drug control treaties, suppressing illicit drug trafficking and mobilizing civil society, particularly non-governmental organizations, with a view to preventing and reducing drug abuse.
Secondly, the aim of the Jordanian proposal was to identify new humanitarian issues calling for adequate international responses.
Equipment could also help to link national centres to international centres and systems.
It may wish to ascertain whether any inter-sessional meetings will be needed or whether other specific activities will be required between its first and second sessions.
At the 1st meeting of the SBSTA, statements were made by representatives of 8 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and another speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
1. The Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries, was adopted by the General Assembly in 1990 at its eighteenth special session as a response to the halt in economic and social progress in many developing countries during the 1980s.
It was observed, however, that UNEP should concentrate strictly on environmental matters.
(iii) The Board recommends that for accurate financial reporting, provision should be made in the financial statements for delays in the collection of assessed contributions in accordance with the requirements of the United Nations accounting standards.
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the sub-item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.15 and 42).
The Senegalese National Commission for UNESCO was given the task of providing local secretariat services for the network.
28. Requests UNISPACE III to submit a report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;
Seasonal work in the exporting agricultural economies in the third world is generally done by women.
C. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
Substantive reports, analyses and other relevant material are available for exchange on a reciprocal basis.
Mr. D. Muthumala (2nd week) IMO Executive head
of Turkey to the United Nations addressed to the
An amendment shall be voted on before the proposal to which it relates is put to the vote, and if the amendment is adopted, the amended proposal shall then be voted on.
Expanding understanding of economic development with a view to enhancing macroeconomic management, international and interregional trade, finance, and domestic and foreign direct investment.
Trade in transit services is steadily being liberalized in many land-locked and transit developing countries, and competition between the suppliers of such services is being encouraged.
Diploma from The Hague Academy of International Law.
The Committee, while fully aware of the financial crisis besetting the Organization, nevertheless emphasizes that in accordance with article 36 of the Covenant, it should be guaranteed the necessary resources for the effective performance of all its functions, including the consideration of communications, and that it has a particular need for staff experienced in the various legal systems and with knowledge of the languages of States parties to the Optional Protocol.
Noting the measures taken by the Government to combat racism and the plan to set up a Commission for Unity and Racial Equality,
International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea
4. Reaffirms the role of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development as the focal point within the United Nations for the integrated treatment of development and related issues in the areas of trade, finance, technology, investment and sustainable development;
13. By facilitating common assessments of requirements and laying out a common strategy for reconstruction based on shared objectives and principles, the strategic framework process aims to address the problem of the disjuncture between relief and development and between the political and assistance strategies.
34. In general, however, macroeconomic policy coordination among the world’s major economies has proved difficult, otherwise than in the occasional joint intervention in foreign exchange markets when policy makers together signal that they believe exchange-rate changes have become excessive.
Most requirements and definitions are defined from the results derived from user and application needs;
UNRWA continued to cooperate with the Palestinian Authority in offering short-term vocational training courses for released prisoners in the West Bank.
Inter—Governmental Authority for Development (IGAD)
863. The Committee recommends that the State party undertake a comprehensive reform of its juvenile justice system in the spirit of the Convention, in particular articles 37, 39 and 40, and of other United Nations standards in this field, such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty.
The redefinition of the role of the Government in economic development includes, inter alia, the need for a meaningful and substantive dialogue between the Government and the private sector on policies, measures and actions for the promotion of small and medium-sized enterprises.
It was hosted by the Government of China and organized by UNDCP in cooperation with the National Narcotics Control Commission of China and the Shanghai Narcotics Control Commission.
(b) Organizing the Subregional Conference on Democratic Institutions and Peace in Central Africa, at Bata, Equatorial Guinea, from 18 to 21 May 1998;
The approval number shall consist of the distinguishing sign or mark of the State in whose territory the approval was granted, i.e. the distinguishing sign for use in international traffic as prescribed by the Convention on Road Traffic, Vienna 1968, and a registration number.
The use of information technology can allow the secure transmission of information and can also reduce the work load of Customs officers, giving them more time for fraud detection activities.
Contributions receivable from Member States
The Assembly, in its resolution 52/159 of 15 December 1997, inter alia requested the Committee to review its membership and composition, with the participation of observers, to consider proposals regarding its membership and composition and to report on the results of its deliberations to the Sixth Committee of the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.
55. At the managerial and operational levels, actual implementation of trade and transport facilitation measures would require training, especially since many of the measures require the application of new and constantly changing technologies.
Five Palestinians who were inside the tent were arrested.
(a) The establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned;
165. The international regulations and standards governing ship construction, equipment and seaworthiness, which States are required to implement in accordance with articles 94, 217 and 219 of UNCLOS, are essentially those contained in the Safety of Life at Sea (SOLAS) Convention and the 1966 Load Lines Convention.
As complementary to the regulatory framework, experts noted the need for integrated packages of incentive measures for conservation and sustainable development.
76. No provision is required under this heading.
32. As regard conditionalities attached to trade preferences, views differed.
30. Encourages the Inter-Agency Committee on Women and Gender Equality to continue its cooperation with the subsidiary bodies of the Administrative Committee on Coordination to develop strategies, tools and methodologies, such as gender-sensitive budgeting, to enhance the implementation and monitoring of the Platform for Action and gender mainstreaming in the United Nations system;
It seems that some judges also fear for their own safety (retaliation by the family) if they refuse to send a child against whom a complaint has been lodged to prison and the latter subsequently commits an act of violence.
The infant mortality rate has increased to 92 per 1,000 live births, and the ratio of low-birth-weight babies has increased from 5 to 21 per cent.
Moreover, in a session that lasts 4.5 working days only, they inevitably represent a higher percentage of total meeting time.
This means that globalization should no longer be a spontaneous process solely driven by the profit motive.
The unutilized balance of $6,900 was due to the recording at expenditures for eight international staff against the UNSMIH accounts.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
Export promotion might be useful in many countries but should focus on providing services to small and medium-size enterprises.
(b) No compensation shall be payable by the United Nations for non-economic loss, such as pain and suffering or moral anguish, as well as punitive or moral damages;
However, the President of the Council issued a statement in which he requested the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (and that of Rwanda) to immediately investigate the allegations contained in the report and inform the Council of any developments by 15 October.
Transceiver link, digital (microwave link)
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/207), A/53/163–E/1998/79.
The paper attempts to respond to the request expressed by the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development at its first session by indicating the main issues involved in promoting effective government-private sector interaction for the development of SMEs.
Several locations throughout the mission area are in varying stages of security alert from phases 1 to 4.
328. On 1 March, the High Court of Justice issued an interim order forbidding the Civil Administration from evicting the Jahalin tribe living east of the Maaleh Adumim settlement or confiscating the tents they had erected in place of their tin shacks which had been demolished by the Civil Administration two weeks earlier.
The transshipment from road to rail and vice versa which is inevitable along several transit corridors also continues to contribute to the slow rail traffic movement.
Mr. Kahsai had an ox, a cow, and one sheep.
Thus, millions of people living in rural areas cross the threshold of absolute poverty every day.
2. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include the item in its agenda and to allocate it to the First Committee.
Representative Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
The latter include such measures as insurance schemes, technical assistance, investment missions and the dissemination of information.
58. Benin: A specific project could be launched to train competition enforcing personnel, as well as entrepreneurs and consumers, and also to create an archive of documents on competition legislation.
Existing efforts cover many sectors and operate at many levels.
21. While the consultants’ report showed an overwhelmingly strong support for reactivating the Centre, it also identified the lack of resources as the principal obstacle to the effective revitalization of the Centre. The report indicated that at least $150,000 as a transitional grant for 1998 was necessary to allow for the development of a five-year programme of work and the elaboration and launching of a long-term fund-raising strategy.
27. A conclusion reached by an international colloquium on post-conflict reconstruction strategies, held in June 1995, was that integration of action rather than coordination in its traditional sense must be the overriding aim of all concerned.
This note has been prepared by the secretariat as a result of its review of the arrangements for the participation of non-governmental organizations in the activities of UNCTAD.
B. Impact on staffing levels and delivery of mandated programmes and activities
The Committee also recalls, in this connection, the comments and recommendations of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations referred to in paragraph 15 above.
It also recognized that for people to realize their potential and enlarge their scope of choices, the social, economic and political environments must reflect notions of security, participation, cooperation, equity and sustainability.
It is intended that the legislation be enacted before the end of 1998. This will enable ratification of the Treaty by New Zealand.
13. The budget reflects an increase of $1,275,900 gross ($1,284,200 net), or a 3.9 per cent increase on a gross basis (4.1 per cent increase on a net basis) over the resources approved for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, excluding the provision for the support account for peacekeeping operations ($1,248,400).
9. Working in close partnership with the rest of the United Nations system and partners in civil society, the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat), in its capacity as focal point for the Habitat II follow-up, issued a series of guides for implementing the Habitat Agenda.
The representative of an executive head proposed reducing the threshold for annual cost of living adjustments from 3 to 2 per cent effective as from the adjustment due on 1 April 2001, subject to a favourable actuarial valuation as at 31 December 1999.
(i) Promote and facilitate, through the actions in paragraphs (a) to (h):
Private label fairs, where exporters made bids to supply to the brand label’s specifications, were another option; in this connection, the Expert Meeting suggested the organization of regional private label fairs as a support measure.
Report of the Secretary-General on the operations of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.23)
Articles 3 to 6 of Act No. LXXXVII of 1990 on Price Setting (the “Price Act”) empowers the Government to create a system of prior notifications of price increase for products the manufacturers of which are in a dominant position, assessed under the criteria of the Competition Act, on the relevant market.
The requirements for the period were lower than estimated ($1,663,000), resulting in an unutilized balance of $402,500.
The Organization is committed to providing a framework of opportunities; managers will be expected to take responsibility for developing their staff (this is being reinforced through the Performance Appraisal System); and staff, in turn, must be flexible, mobile, committed to professional development and ready to take advantage of opportunities available to them for continuous learning.
UNITAR/UNDP/City University of New York training programme in information technology for countries members of the Association of South-East Asian Nations
III. Recommendations of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
30. At least one senior staff member in each field office that regularly undertakes procurement should attend a procurement course (para. 23).
In accordance with article 28 (a) of the Convention, the Committee encourages the State party in its efforts to make primary education compulsory and available free to all.
Statements were made by the representatives of Argentina, Benin, Nigeria and Brazil.
Several delegations pointed to the good work of the Caribbean Radio Unit and supported the long-standing mandate of full programming in French and in Creole for Haiti, calling for a report on that matter.
It was the latter post-Kyoto process that the secretariat had in mind in providing for a contingency in the programme budget for 1998-1999.
A team was also engaged to look into the question whether a new African plant-focused herbarium should be built.
(b) To authorize the Secretary and the Chairman, when obtaining the formal approval of the Government, to allow for certain modifications in the proposed agreement on matters related to the schedule of payments and/or the date of entry into force of the benefit scheme.
REPORT OF THE UNITED NATIONS HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR HUMAN RIGHTS
(n) Underlines the utmost significance to refugee protection of the institution of asylum, which serves the purpose of providing a structured framework for protection and assistance to persons in need of international protection, while ensuring that appropriate durable solutions can be achieved;
1. Expert Meeting on Strengthening the Capacity and Expanding Exports of Developing Countries in the Services Sector: Health Services;
154. Regarding paragraph 27.19, the view was expressed that while the application of advanced electronic information management and communication technology was important, the more traditional form of documentation should be given equal importance.
It is part of the strategy to facilitate seminars and workshops, conduct training at national and subregional levels, and provide expert advice in this field.
A donation by the Government of Switzerland and a Swiss non-governmental organization are funding some of the operations.
8. The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 9 of document A/C.5/52/25 that the revisions of budgetary arrangements called for by the General Council of WTO could be implemented through a series of administrative and technical measures without affecting the policy provisions of the 1974 agreement.
In addition, ISESCO and UNICEF will be meeting in 1998 to determine cooperation with respect to projects relating to children with disabilities and girls’ education.
14. Welcomes the progress made by the Open-ended Working Group of the Commission on the Status of Women on the Elaboration of a Draft Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and encourages the Working Group to continue its work with a view to completing it at the forty-third session of the Commission;
Actions taken in response to the requests contained in General Assembly resolution 52/227 on the Integrated Management Information System
(i) Only 16 employers were selected as comparators instead of the minimum of 20 employers prescribed in the methodology;
This is progressing because some of these weapon systems are thought to be anti-tactical ballistic missile defence systems and not anti-strategic ballistic missile defence systems.
Decision of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity on the procedure for rotation of the two permanent seats claimed by Africa, transmitted by Senegal Previously issued as A/AC.247/1998/CRP.16 and Corr.1.
Current status of premises of four funds and programmes in all countries
The credentials of representatives as well as the names of alternate representatives and advisers shall be submitted to the secretariat if possible not later than twenty-four hours after the opening of the session.
26. UNCITRAL – Working Group on Electronic Commerce, thirty-fourth session [General Assembly resolution 2928 (XXVII)]
these organizations which will, inter alia: (a) assist governments in the formulation of subregional transit transport policies; (b) prepare technical studies to back up proposals for joint projects at the subregional level; (c) liaise with the private sector in order to identify priority areas for its involvement; and (d) act as subregional counterparts of donor agencies in their commercialization and privatization support programmes.
Rewarehousing, packing, loading, of equipment
It also stated that those factors were already being taken into account in the budgetary process and cash management in order to avoid recurrence of such problems.
371. The Committee thanks the representative of Mexico for the transparency with which she discussed the socio-economic and political situation of women in her country and her Government’s efforts to implement the Convention and for her objective and analytical presentation of the obstacles to the advancement of women in Mexico.
OAS representative assigned to observe the elections in Grenada, December 1984.
Preceding nuclear-weapon-free zones have assisted in providing support and expertise to States in the process of establishing nuclear-weapon-free zones in other regions.
As a result, very few employment opportunities are available to them.
3. Progressive development and codification of international law 8
It would be useful if the substantive deliberations could be completed by the evening of Tuesday, 6 May to allow ample time for preparation of the draft conclusions or recommendations which should be adopted on the afternoon of Wednesday, 7 May.
It was recalled that, in accordance with regulation 6.3 of the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation, the programme performance report should have been submitted to all Member States by the end of the first quarter following the completion of the biennial budget period.
5. After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the representatives of Saint Lucia, Fiji and Turkey (see A/C.2/53/SR.42).
Organizations in the United Nations common system had an obligation to ensure that their staff observed the standards and values set forth in the Charter of the United Nations and the 1954 Standards of Conduct established by ICSAB.
The total cost of maintaining the Mission for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 was originally estimated at $7,967,700 gross ($7,413,300 net) in document A/51/784/Add.2.
(d) Sick leave taken by a staff member in excess of the limits set in paragraph (c) above requires approval in accordance with conditions established by the Secretary-General.
(b) Assessing susceptibility to misuse of resources, failure to attain objectives and non-compliance with laws and regulations;
However, the Board considered that, owing to the Institute’s inability to access the database and product range of the United Nations Office at Geneva, it was time-consuming for UNITAR to identify suppliers and carry out the bidding procedure; and technical knowledge was necessary for specialized purchases, such as publications.
Once remedial action has been taken, extensive testing is required to ensure that all potential failures have been found and that the compliance process itself has not introduced new bugs into the system.
The difficulty in anticipating two years in advance the demands to be placed upon the Secretariat is likely to become a normal feature of the CCD budgetary process.
– Opportunities and challenges of globalization, including the prevention of marginalization in the globalization process
1992/19 Communications on the status of women
The Advisory Committee recommends that the unencumbered balance be credited to Member States, it being understood that two thirds of this amount would first be refunded to the Government of Kuwait.
Technological change and economic and social exclusion
Note 2: R represents the average United Nations exchange rate for Austrian schilling to US dollar which will be experienced during 1998-1999.
41. At the resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December, the representative of Bangladesh, coordinator of informal consultations on this question, introduced, on behalf of the Chairman, a draft decision entitled “Development Account” (A/C.5/53/L.34), submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
The police believed that the assailant was a Jew avenging attacks on Jews by Arabs. (H, JP, 7 May; JT, 15 May)
70. The Economic and Social Monitoring Unit continued to publish periodic reports on economic and social conditions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, in addition to a special report on the Palestinian private sector.
Decision: The draft resolution (S/1997/777) received 15 votes in favour, none against and no abstentions, and was adopted unanimously as resolution 1132 (1997).
By participating in these negotiations the parties will acknowledge that the Greek and Turkish Cypriot sides are two sovereign and equal States, each with its own functioning democratic institutions and jurisdiction, reflecting the political equality and will of their respective peoples.
This cruel act of detaining people in unventilated cargo containers, in 40 degrees centigrade, is still continuing.
He drew the attention of the Committee to draft resolution A/C.2/52/ L.17/Rev.1, and orally corrected it.
Provision is also made in the amount of $876,000 for rations based on the rate of $10 per soldier per day ($9 for food and $1 for bottled water).
1. World View International Foundation (WIF)
This was expected to be achieved in particular through a more intensive use of information technologies.
50. Where specific funds are made available in support of mine action in general, such as in the case of the United Nations Fund for International Partnerships,f the Mine Action Service will coordinate the United Nations approach and serve as the focal point.
50. Paragraph 52. The oversight bodies, namely the Office of Internal Oversight Services, the Advisory Committee for Administrative and Budgetary Questions, the Board of External Auditors and the Joint Inspection Unit have begun a series of regular coordination meetings.
As their reconstitution may be far from automatic or quick, the economic and social consequences can be long-lasting.
It is incumbent upon the international community to caution the Greek Cypriot leadership strongly in connection with its aggressive and provocative behaviour.
Following the fifteenth session of the Commission, the Programme initiated and supported a process to capture city experiences in implementing the urban environment agenda.
6. By its resolution 1141 (1997) of 28 November 1997, the Security Council established the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti (MIPONUH) with a mandated limited to a single one-year period ending on 30 November 1998.
The New York Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention (ODCCP) is organizing two panels in connection with the discussion on drug control and crime prevention and criminal justice in the Third Committee as follows: (a) A panel on "Prisons and Substance Abuse", co-sponsored by the Alliance of Non-governmental Organizations for Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, will take place on Monday, 27 October 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
They should strive to create a culture of non-violence, particularly for the benefit of new generations.
However, in the absence of an agreement on a new mandate, owing to the government’s reluctance to accept a monitoring function for the Operation, the activities of the Human Rights Field Operation were terminated on 28 July 1998.
Furthermore, the Committee is concerned that insufficient measures have been taken to protect children against sexual abuse and exploitation.
28. Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space - Scientific and Technical Subcommittee, thirty-sixth session [General Assembly resolution 1472 A (XIV)]
44. As to the Department’s relations with the press, one speaker said that the Office of the Spokesman for the Secretary-General expertly provided complete and timely information to the media and another expressed its appreciation for the Department’s services to correspondents.
Beginning in June, an innovative training programme was tested with police in Les Cayes.
Government auditors can use them to help evaluate those structures.
9. As discussed above, the policies concerning the employment of retirees are implemented by the Secretariat primarily through guidance provided in administrative instruction ST/AI/213/Rev.1.
Between 1700 and 1835 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 81-mm and 120-mm mortar shells at outlying areas of Bra`shit and Zibqin from their positions on Bal`awil hill and Jabal Balat.
As regards staffing, the Head would be assisted by a Deputy at the D-2 level; the office would comprise, in addition, a Special Assistant at the P-4 level and two General Service posts.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 66.
1978 and 1980 At the United Nations, before the Committee established under the International Convention on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights.
4. Implementation of the new Federation property laws (under which claims for repossession of apartments must be lodged with housing authorities in the municipality where the apartment is located) has revealed the inadequacies of the municipalities in processing the claims.
In addition, the Administration, in concert with the sales partners, should evolve new marketing strategies in order to boost the sales volume of the sales partners for desired profit targets to be achieved.
Summary of mission subsistence allowance overpayment I. Introduction
1. In its resolution 52/42 of 9 December 1997, the General Assembly called upon the Secretary-General, in his capacity as depositary, to continue to inform it periodically of the status of the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects and its Protocols.1
India was one of the countries that appealed to the ICJ on this issue.
The value of this voluntary contribution in kind was estimated at $561,500.
The Commission was at all times therefore highly conscious of the far-reaching consequences of its recommendations and decisions which affected staff across the system.
4.2.1.6 Substances shall not be transported in adjoining compartments of shells when they may react dangerously with each other and cause:
She invited the agencies, in the context of their respective mandates, to structure their upcoming activities so as to correspond to the priorities of the five-year review of experience in implementing the Programme of Action.
14. Alteration and renovation of premises.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.20
Still others, such as the employment training one, have still to be completed.
For example, the house of a Palestinian family in Hebron had been demolished three times since March 1998 and its owner jailed and tortured for three hours.
(n) Research must be systematically carried out in order to set up more effective response mechanisms, both nationally and internationally.
Despite these efforts, Operation Lifeline Sudan was able to meet barely 50 per cent of assessed needs in areas served by the southern sector, so great was the decline in levels of food security.
44. The difficulties in dividing violations of human rights into categories should not be understood to diminish the importance of such a classification.
The Department will also continue to strengthen its capacity as the department responsible for coordinating, managing and providing public information content for the United Nations website.
Zoroastrianism, Buddhism, Judaism, Islam and Christianity all found their adherents along the Great Silk Road.
Based on the Board’s sample, client departments failed to meet their 10-week target in 66 per cent of cases at Geneva and 71 per cent at Vienna.
50th anniversary bookmark, released in English/French in February
The Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women invites delegations to propose names for panelists to participate in the forty-second session of the Commission (2-13 March 1998).
I should point out that the high-level agreements, signed by Mr. Denktash himself, and the resolutions of the Security Council, as the Council has repeatedly reaffirmed, are the basis for the settlement talks of the Cyprus problem.
As a result of this close cooperation, it has become clear that the Convention could and should pursue development of certain areas before IFF concludes.
Likewise, experiences with respect to the introduction of voluntary ethical standards and mechanisms to encourage respect for them should be assembled and evaluated; this should include an analysis of the effectiveness of existing codes of conduct, professional guidelines, press councils, broadcasting councils, press ombudsmen and similar bodies.
4.4 Labour disputes may also be tried under the Act against Ethnic Discrimination of 1994, which aims at prohibiting discrimination in working life.
Judged by these two criteria, Kazakhstan has indeed become a powerful State.
Peacekeeping cash levels were expected to be even lower as at 31 December 1997, reflecting the decreasing level of peacekeeping assessments and consequent reduced cash inflows.
The relatively greater expansion of cocaine trafficking in South Africa compared with that of heroin can be explained in part by the growing domestic abuse of cocaine and crack cocaine.
It was stressed that the six official languages should be given equal treatment, as requested in part B of General Assembly resolution 52/214 of 22 December 1997.
The daily briefing of the Spokesman for the Secretary-General for press officers of Member States of the United Nations will be held at 12.30 p.m. in room S-226.
Their plight can be eased only through concerted long-term efforts, which calls for an increased focus on the role of civil society in promoting and ensuring a culture of respect for human rights and the rule of law.
There are currently 177 NGOs in status with UNCTAD, 95 in the general category and 82 in the special category.
On 21 June 1998, the Israeli authorities decided to extend the city’s municipal boundaries to encompass more Jews and to maintain the percentage of Palestinians at around 25 per cent.
Space research activity was also naturally active owing to the large-scale space programme activity during this period.
Welcoming the positive contribution which Nigeria has been making through the Economic Community of West African States in support of democratic governance within the West African region,
1. Algeria fully supports the objectives and the actions envisaged by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/43 concerning the strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region.
The Budget Officer will assist the Chief Finance Officer in preparing budgets and monitoring the performance of the budget of the Mission.
(b) How can home-country programmes for disseminating information and support services to their investors be improved?
Letter dated 10 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative
As examples it gives slavery, genocide and apartheid.
4. Computer operations and electronic data processing systems
Policy regarding cooperatives and the cooperative movement
7. Section II below describes the overall concept of networking for development.
The Committee resumed consideration of the item and heard a statement by the representative of the United States.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
(c) Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Preparatory Committee and the special session with an up-to-date comprehensive assessment of global trends, through the Report on the World Social Situation, to be issued in time for the second substantive session of the Preparatory Committee, in the year 2000;
74. Economic and Social Council, resumed organizational session [Charter]
This is also in accordance with the generally accepted accounting principles and international accounting standards.
The special session should invite these organizations, including the Bretton Woods institutions, to submit progress reports with an assessment of the impact of their actions in support of the Habitat II themes of adequate shelter for all and sustainable human settlements.
The emphasis may differ somewhat from that adopted by the more advanced and diversified developing countries.
- Actively to develop cooperation and close interaction in the social, cultural, legal and other spheres;
4. The peoples of the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan are historically bound by indissoluble spiritual and cultural ties and their closely interwoven fates.
The Geneva Conventions (Fourth Convention, articles 79 to 141) deal in great detail with conditions under which civilians may be interned and how camps should be administered.
17. Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments:
(vi) Interest income includes all interest and related investment income earned on invested funds, various bank accounts and time deposit;
At the cross-road of international trade, the Hungarian Customs were dealing with about three million transit declarations a year.
Ninth report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on salary and retirement allowance of the Secretary-General and salary and pensionable remuneration of the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (A/52/7/Add.8)*
11. The Department of Economic and Social Affairs has compiled extensive information on inventories, databases and directories pertaining to democratization and governance; which is to be included on the Web site created by UNDP.
As authorized by the Commission on Narcotic Drugs, reserves have been established at $12,000,000 and consolidated under the general-purpose fund as one operational reserve to protect the financial viability and integrity of the Fund of the Programme.
335. The Committee expresses concern that, while close ties exist between the Dirección General de Promoción de la Mujer and women’s groups, insufficient cooperation and networking has been established between the Dirección General and women in decision-making in all areas of political, economic and social life.
(d) Wetter-than-normal conditions are usually observed along the west coast of tropical South America, and at subtropical latitudes of North America (the Gulf Coast) and South America (southern Brazil to central Argentina);
On 20 December 1999, China will resume its exercise of sovereignty over Macao.
Three gold medals will be distributed to winners at the award ceremony, scheduled to take place during the OAU summit in 1999.
held at United Nations Headquarters from 1 to 26 June 1998
The Consolidated List already reports on regulatory actions relating to most of the chemicals and chemical compounds relevant to these agreements, but there is a need to increase its coverage of reporting countries, and to expand the number and scope of the products covered.
8. The 1975 Law to Safeguard the State Against the Dangers of Destructive Elements is also used by the regime to carry out indiscriminate and arbitrary arrests and detention of political opponents.
46. The UNDP country office, in partnership with UNHCR, the United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) and the African Development Bank, undertook a programming exercise in February/March 1998.
Based on the work of, inter alia, the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and advice provided by the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice, the Meeting of the Parties shall regularly review and, as appropriate, revise such methodologies and adjustments, taking fully into account any relevant decisions by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention.
Support for reform and modernization includes the revision of organizational mandates and structures of government institutions, the revision of human resource management systems and frameworks (job classification and remuneration of civil servants, provision of expert advice and information and communication).
A. Action plan against illicit manufacture, trafficking and abuse of amphetamine-type stimulants and their precursors 42 9
2. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 62nd, 63rd and 68th meetings, on 18 and 29 May 1998.
At 0850 hours the client militia directed several bursts of fire at outlying areas of Kafr Rumman from its position on Suwayda hill.
63. Table 5 sets out the total amount of rent paid on UNFPA field office buildings.
141. Views were expressed that the activities currently undertaken under programme 26, Disarmament, pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/39 B of 9 December 1997 should be transferred to programme 1, Political affairs.
The Chairman informed the SBSTA that it was his intention, as during the previous session of the SBSTA, to invoke the flexibility accorded by the Bureau of the COP to the Chairman of each subsidiary body to grant representatives of non-governmental organizations access to the floor, as observers.
“Since the General Assembly is the organ of the United Nations that embodies the Organization’s universal and democratic character, the Charter of the United Nations states that it may consider the general principles of cooperation in the maintenance of international peace and security and may make recommendations in their regard to the Members of the United Nations or to the Security Council or to both.
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the report of the SecretaryGeneral on the proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2000 - 2001 (A/53/220).
The sides express their mutual interest in strengthening mutually advantageous ties between enterprises in the engineering and chemical industries and agro-industrial complexes, in developing industries for the processing of agricultural produce, and in opening trading houses.
(a) In the second sentence of paragraph 13.7 (c), insert civil before society;
We also agree on the importance of providing adequate protection for the most vulnerable groups in our societies, particularly ethnic and linguistic minorities, indigenous peoples, women, girls and boys and migrant workers and their families.
The Secretary—General or his or her representative may, subject to rule 43, make oral as well as written statements to the Sub—Commission concerning any question under consideration.
The Secretary-General noted the arguments put forward by the President of the Tribunal and concluded that it was appropriate to bring the matter to the attention of the Assembly, pursuant to paragraph 2 of its resolution 35/218.
50. To facilitate the Commission's work, the secretariat made a series of short presentations on various areas of activity relating to services infrastructure and trade efficiency.
17. Despite generally successful efforts to promote community policing, the fragility of the relationship between police and population was highlighted again by serious incidents in Cabaret, Cité Soleil, Ile de la Tortue and Ganthier, where the police stations were besieged by angry crowds following incidents involving police for the most part.
An ambulance arrived only around 4 a.m. to pick up the bodies.
28. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.25 without a vote (see para. 43, draft resolution I A, sect. VIII).
17. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of the Military Observer Group and the disposition of assets are as follows:
Turkmenistan meets the twenty-first century with hope and faith in itself and mankind
The Commission appealed to the entire international community to share in making this partnership possible, and requested the prompt payment of pledges and other funds to UNRWA.
The findings of the workshop are documented in a report entitled "Working towards child-friendly cities".
16. Iceland also provided information on section 3 of its Act on Extradition and Other Assistance in Criminal Matters, No. 13/1984, and reported that there were no incidents of international terrorism or criminal prosecutions and sentences regarding international terrorism in recent decades.
ENGLISH ORIGINAL: RUSSIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
This projection reflects a projected negative cash position of $247 million for the regular budget and positive balances of $775 million for peacekeeping.
“1. Reaffirms the inalienable right of the people of Puerto Rico to self-determination and independence, in conformity with General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960, and the application of the fundamental principles of that resolution to the question of Puerto Rico;
The following objects not previously reported have been identified since the last report but are no longer in orbit as of 2400Z 30 June, 1996:
It wishes to receive the text of the Code when it is enacted.
The review team felt that future cooperation of the Inter-Agency Commission on Climate Change with national non-governmental organizations and the mass media could play an important role in supporting energy efficiency policies as well as future climate change measures.
(d) International cooperation in tax matters;
If an objection is made to the request for division, the President shall permit two representatives to speak, one in favour of and the other against the request, after which it shall be put immediately to the vote.
The Special Rapporteur notes that the war crimes trial of N. Ranisavljevic for violations related to abductions and killings in Strpci, which was originally scheduled to resume in September, has still not been rescheduled by the Bijelo Polje court.
The document has been circulating for comments and discussion since January, but needs to be supplemented by an administrative document and an action plan.
(h) Contaminate and destroy the food chain;
The Expert Meeting will adopt its findings/conclusions/recommendations at the end of the Meeting.
Today, 5 December “Seeds of War in Jerusalem”
Delete the words “the General Assembly,” and insert after the words “subsidiary organs,” the words “and substantive services to the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and People,”.
The number of so called million cities (between 1 and 10 million inhabitants) will grow from 270 in 1990 to 516 in 2015.
Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories
PRINCIPLE 11. ADVISORY FUNCTIONS OF THE COMMISSIONS
The role of the Committee is to provide the Conference of the Parties with information and advice on scientific and technological matters relating to combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought to ensure that its decisions are based on the most up-to-date scientific knowledge.
B. International cooperation and solidarity for the implementation of the Convention . 1363 - 1382 186
The Committee further requests that these concluding observations be widely disseminated among the public at large in all parts of Iraq.
The same factors hampered other interventions, including supplementary feeding, timely delivery of seeds and tools, emergency health care and the provision of safe water supplies.
(f) Partnership for subregional peace and security;
In my report to the Security Council in April, I addressed the sources of conflict and how to achieve peace and sustainable development in Africa, laying out a programme of action for Africa and the international community alike.
Concerned that the girl child has furthermore become a victim of sexually transmitted diseases and the human immunodeficiency virus, which affects the quality of her life and leaves her open to further discrimination,
The primary source is the worldwide database on appointments in the IMIS integrated personnel payroll system.
Furthermore, a network of youth programmes will be established, within the framework of the above-mentioned youth project, to disseminate knowledge and to train and test innovative methods.
1. At its 1484th meeting, on 6 February 1998, the Special Committee decided, inter alia, to take up the questions of American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Montserrat, Pitcairn, St. Helena, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands and to consider them at its plenary meetings (see A/AC.109/L.1871).
Total seizures of acetone fluctuated between approximately 560,000 and 960,000 litres in the 1990s, with no clear discernible trends. Seizures of ethyl ether, on the other hand, clearly declined in the 1990s, ranging between approximately 200,000 and 290,000 litres from 1993 to 1995, compared with more than 1,100,000 litres in 1991.
The Government also provides, without cost to the United Nations, areas and buildings for use by military contingents and civilian personnel.
B. Findings on departmental oversight in reports of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
70. In 1995 UNESCO initiated a project to contribute to the promotion of democratic principles.
Requested the secretariat to prepare a workplan, including a tentative schedule of the in-depth review of the second national communications of Parties included in Annex I to the Convention.
(ii) On change of duty station to an established office, provided that the staff member is expected to serve at the new duty station for a period of two years or longer;
Such zones would be placed under the control and protection of neutral, impartial humanitarian personnel and under the responsibility of competent bodies.
- Proposal for the establishment of a Supreme Council for the Promotion of Peace and the Prevention, Management and Resolution of Armed Conflict in Central Africa;
FCCC/AG13/1997/MISC.1 Scope and elements of the procedure of any proposed mechanism : Submissions from Parties
The consultations focused on economic and political empowerment, violence, health, education, technology, urban poverty, shelter, and environmental protection.
It further noted that such a roster of experts and its use in facilitating the work of the Convention secretariat should be evaluated by the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI), taking into account the ongoing discussion on Intergovernmental Technical Advisory Panel(s) (ITAPs).
The First Committee will begin the general debate on its agenda items on Monday, 13 October 1997.
UNICEF has also supported the Inter-African Committee (IAC) on Traditional Practices Affecting the Health of Women and Children and collaborated with national technical institutions, donors, non-governmental organizations and other actors of civil society in community-based actions, research, advocacy, consultations and conferences.
Detailed arrangements to give effect to this decision still need to be worked out between the United Nations Administrative Services and the CCD Secretariat.
The obstacles to be overcome in achieving this goal are very evident and success is by no means assured.
Methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA) ("ecstasy") has both a stimulant and a hallucinogenic effect.
As was reported to COP 2 (see FCCC/CP/1996/7, para. 19), this situation can be attributed predominantly to cash flow uncertainties and the losses in personnel resulting from the move to Bonn.
1990-1993 Executive Director of the Transpacific Fisheries Advisory Committee, elected in Papua New Guinea
While it has transformed the political landscape of Europe, it has done little to address India’s security concerns.
From 1985 to 1995, heroin and morphine seizures have increased sevenfold in the Islamic Republic of Iran and almost doubled in Pakistan.
B. Organization of the work of the session
Briefing meetings have been carried out with: ASEAN, CARICOM, DESA, ECA, ECE, ESCAP, EU, IDB, ILO, ITC, OAS, OECD, UNDP, UNIDO, and the World Bank.
In this regard, it was suggested that reference in this paragraph to “security given to prevent arrest” and “obtain the release of the ship” could be included.
The provisional agenda for the Meeting is in section I above.
71. The internal audit coverage of UNHCR country programmes should be enhanced to aim at a shorter audit cycle and to cover activities with high-risk ratings more frequently.
The Third Committee will hear introductory statements by the Special Rapporteurs and Special Representatives presenting reports to the Committee, as follows:
27. The Commission considered that, while the overall intention of this staff regulation was good, some words and expressions could be open to misinterpretation.
A new contract will be concluded for the purpose of providing maintenance, analytical support and enhancement of the new database.
49. After the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union) (see A/C.3/53/SR.49).
This is also necessary so that progress can be monitored and research conducted so that appropriate, culturally sensitive, and effective strategies can be designed.
The sixth report (A/49/476) after providing an overview of United Nations involvement in the subject and highlighting the latest trends, asked for further guidance from the Member States.
Furthermore, while the international community has recognized the importance of dealing with organized international crime and terrorism, there is an enormous gap between the programme of work of the Centre for International Crime Prevention and the level of resources required to implement its programme.
UNCTAD and ITU have significant benefits to draw from actively pursuing such cooperation.
In taking note of the report of the Expert Meeting, the Commission may wish to endorse the recommendations contained therein, in accordance with paragraph 114 of "A partnership for Growth and Development".
A common feature of these grave instances of abuse of power has been the impunity of the perpetrators.
COMPLETION OF A PROTOCOL OR ANOTHER LEGAL INSTRUMENT (Agenda item 3) 14 - 20 6 GE.97-64956 English
Annex IV ADMINISTRATIVE AND FINANCIAL MATTERS:
2. Judicial activities of the Office of the Prosecutor
In order to tackle items (b) and (c), there might be a need for strategic international alliances with the telecommunications and software industries to promote self-regulation with respect to offensive drug material.
In particular, it had continued to assist developing countries in reviewing and providing comments on draft fisheries laws as and when requested by Governments to do so.
17. At the 49th meeting, on 18 November, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.55, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 22, draft resolution V).
He/she shall oversee the ongoing assessment of local/mission area market conditions, especially with respect to the availability of fuel, rations, general supplies and contractual services.
List of documents issued during the reporting period
IV. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
18. The reduction of $27.6 million reflects the favourable average operational rates experienced from January to November 1998 apply to 1998 and 1999.
5. The following non-governmental organizations were represented at the Meeting:
In addition, the financial performance report on MIPONUH will include expenditures relating to UNSMIH and UNTMIH.
The view was also expressed that it would not be advisable for the Committee to act as legal adviser in the reform process.
The Chairman of the Preparatory Committee also made a statement.
In this connection, some members emphasized that the United Nations and the international community should limit their responsibility to making appeals for support from donor countries and to calling upon States parties to disarmament treaties for help.
Similarly, assistance should be available to States which request it to help them to review or modify legislation or other standards to ensure conformity with treaty standards, and to assist with the reporting process, especially where this was seen as an obstacle to ratification.
(c) Organization of the work of future sessions.
30. In order to address the above concerns, the Board agreed with the Administration that it would be appropriate to discuss the matter with the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (Financial and Budgetary Questions) to consider whether the United Nations System Accounting Standards need to be revised in this respect.
This had occurred three times during the past six years with respect to adjustments in the United States dollar track.
Of the 40 refugee households currently involved in the repatriation process, 37 had completed construction of homes in the Tel el-Sultan housing project near Rafah and had received the full amount of compensation.
5. The Board reviewed the working of the ICSC secretariat with reference to its assigned functions and evaluated the extent to which those functions had been performed, with special regard to their bearing on the mandate of the Commission.
Noting the in-depth negotiations undertaken in the Conference on Disarmament and its Ad Hoc Committee on Effective International Arrangements to Assure Non-Nuclear-Weapon States against the Use or Threat of Use of Nuclear Weapons, Ibid., Forty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 27 (A/48/27), para. 39.
The deficit between income and expenditure was $1,059,252, compared with $7,727,739 in 1994–1995.
The Special Committee’s attention was drawn in particular to the following passages of the report presented by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs:
The European Commission and the United Kingdom, as a State member of the European Union, have commented that the requirement to exchange information on the licit uses made of imported precursors could be covered by paragraph 7 (a) (ii) without further addition, and have also suggested that the paragraph should therefore be deleted.
Corrective action may require legislatures to change existing laws, central organizations to revise internal control standards and procedures and management to revise its internal control structure.
Should any change take place, the State party concerned shall immediately notify the Secretary-General.
In the revised estimates in table 6A of the current report, a provision of $300,000 is made as support to UNON, revised downwards from the $1,281,500 in the original estimates.
The annual prevalence rates were estimated at 0.5 per cent for the Islamic Republic of Iran and 0.2 per cent for Jordan.
The Commission had noted the statement by the representative of FAO, which outlined the efforts of the current and previous Directors-General of FAO to increase the number of women, especially in high-level posts, and FAO’s disappointment that Member States did not present enough women candidates in response to written requests.
Hours: 9:00 a.m. to 13:00 p.m., Monday to Friday
61. The increase in peacekeeping-related disciplinary cases is equally great.
229. The Committee decided that the consolidation of the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme should not undermine the critical importance of the comprehensive programme on drug control, which should be fully implemented in accordance with the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.
13. Decides to include in the agenda of its fifty-fourth session an item entitled “Globalization and interdependence”.
This applies equally in the field, where our information centres perform functions similar to those of the Department’s Non-Governmental Organization Section at Headquarters.
When a new mission is established, a compensation specialist travels to the mission area to set initial salaries and allowances applicable to mission personnel.
TCDC-INRES is accessible to developing countries, United Nations organizations and other interested parties through the Internet or on diskettes, which have been widely distributed by SU/TCDC.
2. Welcomes the continuing efforts of Governments, the United Nations system, and civil society to tackle this multifaceted problem;
The Chairman of the AGBM, Ambassador Raúl Estrada-Oyuela, opened the session on 3 March 1997.
4. Commercial, procurement and transportation services
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
The review is documented in a report entitled "The right of children with respect to shelter and related services: an agenda for action".
The challenge would therefore lie in this process of transformation, which would lead to knowledge and facilitate advice.
This estimate provides for fence pickets, T-wall elements, shelters, observation towers, gates, binding wire, barbed wire, chain-link fence, gabions, link chain, sandbags, concertina wire and stone for gabions.
2. The Conference of the Parties shall, in principle in its ordinary session, determine the terms of reference and modalities of work of each ad hoc panel, including its duration.
18. The workshop adopted a framework of the regional technical cooperation programme in the Asian and Pacific region, aimed at strengthening national capacities for the promotion and protection of human rights as a means of facilitating possible regional arrangements.
Announcement As from Thursday, 4 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
The platforms should respect each member organization's independence and operate based on the principles of solidarity and democracy.
The Board noted that, with the addition of Slovenia, the membership of the Board now stood at 144.
Rapporteur: Mr. Thomas Schlesinger (Austria)
United Nations Observer Mission in Liberiaa
The case of Vincent Cochetel, head of the UNHCR office in Vladikavkaz, in the Russian Federation, is an extremely preoccupying case in point.
6. Decides to review these arrangements not later than at its fourth session, in consultation with the Secretary-General, with a view to making such modifications as may be considered desirable by both parties;
As members of the Bureau of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People, we fully support the decision of the Palestinian National Authority to honour this legacy and to celebrate the two thousandth anniversary of the birth of Jesus Christ and the dawning of the new millennium, by launching the Bethlehem 2000 Project.
It also recognizes beneficiaries as active subjects and claim holders and establishes duties or obligations for those against whom a claim can be brought to ensure that needs are met.
In the future, UNDP will archive the audit reports, applying the standard procedure for all financial records.
(c) To review the format of the questionnaire and its current division in parts and sections;
This would ensure complementarity, create synergies and hence avoid duplication of efforts and the waste of limited resources.
The organizations clarified that the evacuation of local staff across international borders created problems that had, inter alia, administrative, legal and familial consequences.
The SBI took note that the Executive Secretary required more time to prepare recommendations on this matter and would submit them to the SBI at its sixth session;
In the specific context of the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic, the implementation of the anti-drug initiative, formally launched at the fourth meeting of the States members of the zone, held at Somerset West, South Africa, on 1 and 2 April 1996, has set a legal and institutional basis for the development of projects aimed at curbing the demand, production and illicit traffic in narcotics in the region.
33. As can be seen in table 1, the number of items on the agenda of the General Assembly at the forty-ninth, fiftieth and fifty-first sessions has not decreased.
Third-party liability insurance based on annualized cost.
Efforts to promote quality basic education among the displaced children in the transitional zone focused on training in “Theatre for Life” for 80 master trainers from different displaced schools.
VII. REPORT ON THE SESSION 24 - 25 8 Annexes
The revised administration instruction clarifies and strengthens the provisions of the special measures and includes enhanced mechanisms for monitoring the implementation of those measures, including systems for ensuring the accountability of managers.
Habitat should finalize contracts with transparency and in accordance with the financial rules and obtain the requisite approvals before the contracts are awarded (para. 53).
(Signed) Talbak Nazarov Almaty, 3 July 1998
“The General Assembly shall appoint an expert Committee on Contributions consisting of eighteen members.
34.3 Information communicated by Parties pursuant to paragraph 1 shall be transmitted by the secretariat as soon as possible to each of the Parties to the Convention.
At its fourth session, the SBSTA agreed to keep under review the progress of work on methodological issues and its financing and, in support of this review, requested that one of its officers, or a delegate designated by the Chairman, would convene informal open-ended consultations on these questions, in conjunction with its sessions.
In the absence of cooperation on the part of the Government, the Special Rapporteur has continued to rely on information from governmental, intergovernmental and non-governmental sources.
8 For a more detailed discussion and an illustration of the practical application of this method, see a working paper by Gary Clyde Hufbauer, Kimberly Ann Elliott, Tess Cyrus and Elizabeth Winston, “US economic sanctions: their impact on trade, jobs, and wages” (Washington, D.C., Institute for International Economics, April 1997).
(a) In the third preambular paragraph, the words “developing and” before the words “fostering the economic development of the developing countries” were deleted;
Therefore, it is time, in the view of the Commission, to look beyond the traditional concept of security of nations and think creatively about how naval forces can contribute more directly to upholding the security of people.
Some of the other elements considered by the Board were the following:
— Hungary: April 1996 - Economic Issues Involved in Adjudicating Hungarian Competition Cases - attended by judges of the Supreme Court and Metropolitan Court and staff of the Office of Economic Competition;
Indicators that provide information on the degree to which there is trade facilitation at a national level include: the presence of trade facilitation bodies, their legal status, representation on that body and the extent to which the recommendations from that body are taken into account at the sector level.
The Secretary-General, or the Secretary-General’s designated representative, and programme managers would be available, as appropriate, for discussion with the Foundation, which can include discussion of the consolidated project planning document.
The law which governs cooperatives in Turkey was passed in 1969 and has since been amended.
Specific provisions relating to health are contained in articles 24 and 25.
1. Stresses that sustained efforts are needed, within the framework of the Conference on Disarmament and under the umbrella of the United Nations, to make progress on the entire range of disarmament issues;
The Heads of State noted with satisfaction the work performed by the relevant States and international organizations in connection with the laying of oil and gas pipelines through Turkey to the shores of the Mediterranean and in Europe.
The second type is the piezoelectric biosensor.
In the two years since the campaign was launched, more than 50 ratifications of these Conventions have been registered.
Having considered the question of Tokelau,
The Indian Government has threatened the use of nuclear weapons and is now issuing provocative statements exhibiting, unabashedly, its aggressive intentions against Pakistan.
The Committee understands that, for example, for non-governmental organizations acting as implementing partners, a six-month time period is allowed for the submission of the certificates; for government implementing partners a three-month time-frame is observed.
Belarus, which a few years ago made the historic choice to renounce the nuclear potential it possessed and is a party to a number of the most important agreements in the field of nuclear disarmament, cannot but feel a special sense of responsibility in this respect and be alarmed by this turn of events.
This programme combines all the components of mine action, including support for victim assistance.
23. After the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Haiti made a statement (see A/C.3/53/SR.49).
Many developing countries, especially least developed countries, lack well-trained economic analysts who can provide their decision makers with sufficiently detailed and timely analyses and forecasts.
5. Following the adoption of the draft resolution, statements in explanation of position were made by the representatives of the United States of America, Mexico, Australia, Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), Japan, China, Egypt, the Philippines (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Association of South-East Asian Nations), Singapore and Uruguay (see A/C.5/53/SR.44).
(3) "Release" for the purpose of this article shall not include any unlawful release or escape from arrest.
(on item 99 (a): Operational activities for development of the United Nations system)
2. Calls upon the administering Power and all States, organizations and United Nations agencies to continue to assist the Territory in social and economic development;
A permanent consultation on internal displacement in the Americas has been created by intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to increase protection and assistance for displaced populations.
69. The Forum also called for early ratification and implementation by members of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961, that Convention as amended by the 1972 Protocol, the Convention of Psychotropic Substances of 1971, and the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988.
We propose a conference of countries which are determined to save the peace process.
71. The oral component of both the recruitment and the promotion examination is conducted in English or French, thus requiring candidates to demonstrate a working knowledge of the spoken language.
(b) Documents Alert: a new service highlighting important documents as they are issued.
4. The Parties expressed readiness to continue in-depth consultations on the basic international problems and issues of the situation in Asia, and also to hold as necessary consultations within the framework of the United Nations and in other international and regional organizations and forums.
38. Currently, there are 14 global or regional treaties pertaining to the subject of international terrorism.
This important fact has been taken into consideration by all those who advocate the establishment of the so—called banks for the poor and disadvantaged.
Principle 17: Specific measures relating to the restoration of or transition to democracy and/or peace
ICSC had been informed that the secretariat had already put into place a system to measure the time spent on various assignments, and that staff norms could be established on that basis.
Two of the articles of the draft convention deal with jurisdictional aspects, in particular the rights to be exercised by coastal States in relation to the underwater cultural heritage when it is located in the territorial sea (article 4) or in the exclusive economic zone or on the continental shelf (article 5).
Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries (ECDC/TCDC), as well as the subregional groupings, will be further promoted.
Current laws and decrees should be revised so as to remove all disproportionate limitations on the media, which have the effect of jeopardizing freedom of expression itself.
Post-industrialization promises more flexibility for older persons to recover opportunities they customarily enjoy in pre-industrial settings and to explore new roles and meaning for late life.
With the increasing reliance on extrabudgetary funding to finance peacekeeping and humanitarian assistance activities, extrabudgetary posts have become an institutionalized part of the Organization’s core resources base.
Mindful of the fact that it is essential to provide the Mission with the necessary financial resources to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities under the relevant resolutions of the Security Council,
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/52/ L.31 The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of Peace, Freedom, Democracy and Development (A/C.5/52/31)
Additional funds are being sought to finance the translations and printing of the latter document in the other official languages.
(g) A budget for the first financial year;
In 39 cases, disaster-affected countries requested the Department of Humanitarian Affairs or the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs to launch appeals for international assistance on their behalf.
The Special Committee received excerpts of reports appearing in the Israeli press and in the Arab press published in the occupied territories.
442. Marine science and technology have been subjected to the same funding trends in recent years as any non-private sector activity.
Triennial comprehensive policy review of operational activities of the United Nations system
Some Governments maintain that a biased and politicized attitude to human rights is presented in international forums.
62. Similarly, the policy of UNHCR is to work with national NGOs whenever possible.
2. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of African Unity [42]:
The Code includes provisions for financial disclosures by senior officials.
In general, Division 4.1 substances can be carried safely in containers other than portable tanks.
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries (A/52/400, A/52/402, A/52/413)
Moreover, support mechanisms and programmes need to respond to the diversity of firms involved and the types of problems faced by different categories of SMEs, ranging from subsistence or income-supplementing microenterprises operating in the informal sector to internationalized, technologically advanced SMEs.
35. With the ongoing process of preparation for the five-year review following the International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD) of the achievements towards ICPD goals, cooperation between LAS and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), in coordination with ESCWA, has continued this year.
Thousands of children are working as prostitutes, porters and workers in quarries, slaughterhouses, construction and brick factories.
Those evaluations, along with analyses of statistical data compiled as part of the administrative reporting practices, have enabled programme managers to assess needs, review progress and plan services.
Only Egypt had liberalized its pricing and marketing arrangements by 1993.
The mobilization of United Nations system-wide support at the operational level for the initiative increases the chance that the regional campaigns will reap concrete results, linking commitments by Governments in the area of violence against women with country assistance agreements with the United Nations.
4. Introducing the report, the Vice-Chairman of the Joint Advisory Group (Uruguay) stated that the Group had vigorously reaffirmed the relevance and importance of the mandate of the International Trade Centre (ITC) in today's trade environment and fully supported the Executive Director's continuing efforts to improve the efficiency of the organization, particularly through institutional reform and closer relations with its parent bodies.
388. The item was introduced by the Chief of the Women’s Rights Unit of the Division for the Advancement of Women, who introduced the report of the secretariat (CEDAW/C/1998/II/4) and a working paper containing draft rules of procedures (CEDAW/C/1997/WG.I/WP.1).
2. Crime prevention and criminal justice [103]
2. At its 373rd meeting, on 26 August 1994, the Committee had decided that requests for inter-sessional departures submitted to the Committee should, in future, be reviewed by the Bureau, in consultation with the Secretariat, for subsequent action.
James P. and Bennett M. (1994). "Environment-related performance measurement in business: from emissions to profit and sustainability"? Ashridge, United Kingdom: Ashridge Management Centre Working Paper AMRG 946.
The Committee encourages the State party to increase the number of public defenders and to extend their presence throughout the whole of its territory.
From the provision of $104,400, the recorded expenditures amounted to $64,300, resulting in an unencumbered balance of $40,100.
29. The UNESCO Participation Programme contributed to an international meeting to promote religious tolerance in South-East Asia, organized in Australia by the World Conference on Religion and Peace and towards the publication, by the Government of Tonga, of books on tolerance for primary school pupils, in the national language.
The Committee was informed that some of the military officers sitting as judges did not have a legal background and it had been stated that some were settlers with known extremist views.
THE ADMINISTRATION OF JUSTICE AND HUMAN RIGHTS
Trust fund for the enhancement of the capacity of the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti
Sea-level rise, coupled with increased storminess, will exacerbate the rate and intensity of erosion of the coastal areas, affecting human activity and infrastructure.
23. For the foreseeable future, the full implementation of existing disarmament and non-proliferation treaties and agreements will be a crucial and demanding task.
A summary assessment of the lessons learned and major achievements during the biennium 1996-1997 is highlighted in each of the eight programmes contained in the present document.
1984-1996 Head of the section covering international criminal law with responsibility for the following areas (not comprehensive):
At the same meeting, the Chairman of the contact group made a statement in explanation of the polling procedures for the selection of one of the three candidates to host the Permanent Secretariat.
The demonstrators also burned Israeli flags and a poster of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu.
(d) Problems of market access and issues related to the post-Uruguay Round (trade-related intellectual property rights (TRIPs));
B. Organization of the work of the session
The Committee had before it the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the Trust Fund (A/52/7/Add.9).
This report analyses the progress made and setbacks experienced by State institutions with regard to the commitment to combat impunity with strict adherence to the law.
Leaders endorsed specific recommendations concerning the region’s response to undesirable financial activities, the promotion of competitive telecommunication markets, the development of information infrastructure as well as work related to the Forum Free Trade Area.
In collaboration with WHO, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) and other partners where appropriate, UNICEF will ensure the comprehensive rehabilitation of landmine victims, which includes psychosocial counselling, physical rehabilitation (including the provision of prosthetics and orthotics) and education for those with disabilities.
3. The present report presents the status of preparations for the special session by the various concerned entities, detailing the processes under way and recounting the outcomes of the events that have already taken place.
Furthermore, he has continuously raised concrete problems directly with the authorities at central and provincial level.
C. Specialized agencies of the United Nations
In the three-year period 1995–1997, the average annual rate of growth of GDP increased to 3.9 per cent.
Under the Committee's new rules of procedure, in force as of 1 August 1997, the Committee will as a rule decide on the admissibility and merits of a communication together in order to expedite its work under the Optional Protocol.
Recommendations of the Government of Colombia on the convening of an international conference on the illicit arms trade
4. Malaysia has participated actively in international efforts aimed at achieving nuclear disarmament.
They pay only part of the wages or cheat workers out of their earnings by issuing dud cheques or declaring bankruptcy.
Pastec (technological passenger) for studying the orbital environment;
UNDP, which is working closely with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and his Mission, is concerned with the strengthening of national capacities, particularly in the prison and judicial areas, and is promoting coordinated efforts on the part of the United Nations system as a whole.
In the case of the New Agenda, frequent and regular surveys of what countries are doing with respect to the implementation would be required as part of the monitoring process but are not being carried out.
At 1140 hours the Lahad militia directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at the area around the crossing from its position on Zimriya hill.
The looting of humanitarian supplies and vehicles has become an all too frequent occurrence.
The Committee also emphasizes the need for the gender sensitization of authorities, including the judiciary, law enforcement officers, lawyers, social workers, health professionals or others who are directly involved in combating violence against women.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 29.
The utter lack of a sense of urgency, displayed by all concerned, over the absence of a Prime Minister and a properly constituted government contrasts unfavourably with the gravity of the overall situation in the country and the plight of its citizens, both of which have been aggravated by the catastrophic consequences of Hurricane Georges.
Unit cost increased from $280 to $305 per armoured personnel carrier per annum.
For the first time since 1975 the prospects for an agreed resolution of the conflict between the East Timorese and Indonesia are hopeful.
Report of the Secretariat on the effects on individuals, society and international drug control of the prescription of narcotic drugs to drug addicts (E/CN.7/1997/7)
Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the International Convention on the Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of Apartheid (resolution 3380 (XXX))
New international humanitarian order (even years)
Firstly, many of the instruments listed and others not mentioned were adopted after the corresponding studies had been carried out and, naturally, were not considered by the Special Rapporteurs.
24. The concern regarding sustainability of achievements was also covered in a workshop conducted in June 1995; discussions within an inter-agency working group and a collaborative study covering eight African countries took place in 1996 and 1997.
69. The Committee considered that in view of the priority given to the programme and the importance of the special session, revisions reflecting the outcome of the special session should be submitted to the Committee during the second part of its thirty-eighth session.
Letter dated 18 November 1998 from the Permanent
At its seventeenth session in 1974, the Governing Council authorized UNFPA to receive cash remittances from Governments and transfer these to designated special population programmes.
8. Expresses its gratitude to the international community, and to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in particular, for the humanitarian assistance it has continued to render to refugees and displaced persons and to the countries of asylum;
3351 PYRETHROID PESTICIDE, 6.1 3 61 LIQUID, TOXIC, FLAMMABLE, 109 flash point not less than 23°C 274
1 Mob lynchings of suspect criminals or alleged sorcerers continue to be of concern; 53 people were reportedly killed in 28 incidents in 1998 (59 were reportedly killed in 33 incidents during the same period last year).
(b) For NGO projects, of the 244 NGO executed projects where outstanding advances exceeded three months of reported expenditure, the Board found 110 projects, with outstanding advances totalling $1.8 million, where there had been no 1997 expenditure reported and 59 projects, with outstanding advances totalling $3.6 million, where disbursement reports for 1997 were incomplete.
8. At the 41st meeting, on 25 November, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Burak Özügergin (Turkey), informed the Committee of the outcome of the informal consultations held on the draft decision.
15. The proposed maintenance budget of MINURCA for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 amounts, on a full-cost basis, to $28,774,500 gross ($28,038,000 net), inclusive of budgeted voluntary contributions in kind estimated at $1,137,500.
During the reporting period, construction was completed on three health centres to replace unsatisfactory premises and major renovation or upgrading works were carried out on 10 centres.
DG-IV also organized the Baltic Booster Conference in cooperation with the three Baltic States in April 1996 in order to boost competition policy development in the Baltic States so that it catches up with practice in other Central European countries.
5. Parties may make new nominations or withdraw previous nominations to the roster at any time by so notifying the Permanent Secretariat through diplomatic channels.
At its second session, by its decision 11/CP.2, paragraph 4, the COP requested the SBI at its fifth session to undertake the review process referred to in decision 9/CP.1 and to report on the outcome to the COP at its third session (FCCC/CP/1996/15/Add.1).
“Having considered the report of the Conference on Disarmament, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 27 (A/53/27).
Support by the United Nations system of the efforts of Governments to promote and consolidate new or restored democracies
1 November 1992 to 28 February 1993 (decision 47/450 C)
The women in development facilitation initiative in the West Bank and Gaza Strip is an information collection and dissemination project involving the Palestinian Authority and international and Palestinian non-governmental organizations and donors, with the ultimate aim of promoting more effective coordination and use of funds.
15.15 The objectives of the subprogramme, for which the Social Development Division is responsible, are:
The importance of mutual recognition and equivalence was referred to by many in this regard.
Its success testifies to the contribution that the United Nations can make as an impartial and legitimate actor for peace.
15. According to paragraph 1 of article 12 of the Statute of the International Tribunal for Rwanda, judges of the Tribunal shall be persons of high moral character, impartiality and integrity who possess the qualifications required in their respective countries for appointment to the highest judicial offices.
The Committee requests that priority be given to dealing with the backlog cases referred to in paragraph 61 of annex II to the report.
330. Important developments have occurred in relation to the reduction and control of different sources of pollution.
This grade level will, therefore, be given particular attention to ensure that sufficient qualified internal and external women candidates are identified and considered for vacant P-5 positions.
The total amount of programme expenditures envisaged has also decreased to circa $9.7 million in 1998 and
61. UNHCR received funds in July 1998 earmarked to finance its participation in the joint UNHCR/UNICEF Liberia Children’s Initiative for the reintegration of refugee and internally displaced children.
The estimated cost of five grants for this purpose would amount to USD 50,000; and
5. The General Assembly deplores the continued alienation of land in colonial and Non-Self-Governing Territories, particularly in the small island Territories of the Pacific and Caribbean regions, for military installations.
In this respect your statement made in Geneva on 28 March, after your meeting with Mr. Denktash, by which you expressed the United Nations position on this very issue is pertinent and timely.
However, there was a common understanding among member countries that the subject of ISAR was under review by the President of the Trade and Development Board through consultations.
(b) To strengthen the technical, managerial and organizational capacities of Governments at all levels to formulate integrated population, rural and urban development policies and programmes for alleviating poverty and improving the quality of life, taking into account the regional implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development, held in 1994, and the recommendations of the Bali Declaration on Population and Sustainable Development;
36. In connection with subparagraph 13 (d) of decision 34/401 quoted above, the General Committee wishes to draw the attention of the General Assembly to the observations of the Secretary-General (A/BUR/53/1, paras. 33 and 34) regarding the fact that, depending on the type and complexity of proposals involving changes in the work programme and additional expenditures, the preparation of a statement of programme budget implications by the Secretary-General may take a few days.
including reports of subsidiary bodies of the Commission
65. As a follow-up to previous meetings on peace-building held at Kampala, Johannesburg and Kigali, UNHCR, the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA), OAU and United Nations agencies organized a regional workshop on best practices of women in peace-building and conflict-resolution in November 1997.
We believe that all non-nuclear-weapon States could assume agreed responsibilities to renounce once and for all the deployment of nuclear weapons in their territory.
Organization of military exercises in connection with peacekeeping operations between the armed forces of the countries of Central Africa;
The summary of the practice of the principal organs pertaining to the 111 articles of the Charter of the United Nations has always been the responsibility of six separate departments/offices in the Secretariat.
C. Environmental management standards as a tool of environmental policy
2. The summary records and the consolidated corrigendum thereto shall be distributed promptly to the Members of the United Nations and to the specialized agencies.
3. France believes the General Assembly should, at its fifty-second or fifty-third session, in accordance with its resolution 49/61 of 9 December 1994, decide on the arrangements for a diplomatic conference to draft a convention on the jurisdictional immunities of States and their property.
Resort to such controls aims at slowing a “rush for the exit” by holders of claims, including domestic holders, which have come to believe that a suspension of payments on their claims can soon occur.
15. Calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner, the Organization of African Unity, subregional organizations and all African States to continue to work closely in identifying solutions to all outstanding refugee problems;
The observation of the International Day of Disabled Persons will take place on Wednesday, 3 December 197, from 1 p.m. to 2.15 p.m. in the Visitors’ Lobby of the General Assembly Building, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 47/3 of 14 October 1992.
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments [17]
It was a document intended to protect human dignity and basic human rights.
* Following the adjournment of the 34th meeting of the Fifth Committee.
A. Consideration by the Special Committee
as envisaged in the secretariat’s 1996-1997 work programme and as requested by the Trade and Development Board at its fourteenth executive session, this report has been prepared covering UNCTAD’s assistance to the Palestinian people during the period July 1995 - June 1997.
In the Board’s view, procurement delays arose as a result of weak procurement planning at the global level.
Moreover, the WTO Agreement on Sanitary and Phytosanitary Measures (SPS) stated that when investments were required by exporting countries in order to meet standards, importing member countries should consider extending assistance.
Members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations are invited to attend.
The Government has accepted these submissions and is engaged in promised reform of the discriminatory provisions.
Witnesses spoke about the psychological impact of bypass roads on pupils and students since they prevent them from going to school by posing severe physical hardships and obstacles.
17. The Working Group recommended that the celebration (in Geneva) of the International Day of the World`s Indigenous People (9 August) be held during its seventeenth session in order to ensure as great as possible participation on the part of indigenous people.
The representative of New Zealand made a statement in the course of which she introduced draft resolutions A/52/L.26 and A/52/L.27.
Gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities
It is thus of critical importance that the investigation into this crime be completed, so as to bolster popular confidence in the rule of law and the new perspectives offered by the peace process.
Designed as an entirely self-financed and demand-driven organization, the Office functions like a business, yet in its operations it fully respects the values embodied in the Charter of the United Nations.
The sanitary surveillance secretariat of the Brazilian Ministry of Health, responsible for the control of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, has requested assistance from UNDCP in designing a national programme to identify and rectify its institutional deficiencies.
(g) Experience and capacity of the institution to assist affected developing countries Parties in dealing with poverty eradication and development issues, in conformity with the priority to Africa accorded in article 7 of the Convention.
This, in the view of one speaker, could contribute to generating assistance on the part of the international community in implementing democratic and economic transformations in those countries.
At 1915 hours occupation forces fired mortar shells at areas along the Litani River from Ahmadiyah hill.
Additional funds to finally deal with these residual tasks were sought, and granted, for deployment during the period 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
Accession: Brunei Darussalam (13 November 1997)*
The Committee began its consideration of these items in closed session.
Conscious that immigration into Guam has resulted in the indigenous Chamorros becoming a minority in their homeland,
The youth focal points of OAS participated in the preparations for the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth, held at Lisbon, Portugal, from 8 to 12 August 1998.
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 118 appear in the reports of the Committee contained in document A/52/842 and Add.1.
He recalled that four workshops on competition had been held in China under the auspices of UNCTAD, with the participation of experts from a number of individual countries.
Linen/laundry services (civilian personnel)
16. Several management information systems are available in the Secretariat that contain activity and output data.
The EUROHEALTH programme (launched in 1990) provides assistance to Central and Eastern European countries and the CIS. The aim is to ensure improvements in the health situation in those countries, and to provide a basis on which the donor community can make decisions regarding their assistance to the health sector.
This system, which will focus on the broad humanitarian picture, is, of course, distinct from the operational monitoring undertaken by individual agencies and programmes and is intended to complement it.
Expenditure exceeded the agreed move budget of $13.5 million owing to higher than expected termination indemnity payments and a cost overrun of $1.8 million for the construction of a new headquarters building, which resulted, inter alia, from an accelerated construction schedule and repeated and prolonged closures of the Gaza Strip during construction.
(a) Undertake periodic integrated assessments of progress in conventions that could be carried out on a thematic or issue basis;
– The Management provided the United Nations Board of Auditors and the internal auditor with full and free access to all accounting and financial records;
10. In approving the Act the United States Congress declared that it was the policy of the United States to deny the Islamic Republic the ability to support its so-called acts of international terrorism and to finance the development and acquisition of weapons of mass destruction and the means to deliver them by limiting the development of the country’s ability to explore for, extract, refine, or transport by pipeline its petroleum resources.
The President drew attention to the communication circulated at the request of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland concerning the question of international responsibility for Hong Kong (TD/B/EX(15)/7).
This is something that has been debated and determined years ago to be unsupported by scientific studies.
They reiterated the importance of facilitating the participation of the Forum island countries in the special session and its preparatory process, and called on countries to pledge support through voluntary contributions.
The proposed intifada legislation had come under fire from human rights organizations, who maintained that the proposed bill was a blatant violation of human rights, in contradiction with the basic principles of both international and Israeli law.
In order for railways to compete with road transport, existing inter-railway agreements will need to be strengthened to enable them to offer seamless services across national borders.
During the period, 122 military observers received the full entitlement of $200 and 159 observers received $100 each, resulting in an unutilized balance of $1,000.
Disbursements of the ILO technical cooperation programme in 1997 were more than $1.3 million.
(vii) Consideration of the proposed establishment of a subregional centre for human rights and democracy.
This document presents the programme budget of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation (UNHHSF) for the biennium 1998-1999, as called for in the Financial Rules of the Foundation.
Also, since Beijing, the Bank has done much to integrate girls’ education into its country dialogues, country assistance strategies and lending programmes.
The same activity includes training by local experts of national energy officers at the community level;
There is in neither customary nor conventional international law any specific authorization of the threat or use of nuclear weapons;
8. The authorized strength of IPTF remains at 2,027 civilian police monitors and 5 military liaison officers.
United Nations political office in Bougainville
The forums were co-sponsored by Radio Televisione Italiana, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Italy and the Mediaset Organization.
52/82 Implementation of the World Programme of Action concerning Disabled Persons: towards a society for all in the twenty-first century
The value of F given above for insulated shells may be taken provided that the insulation is in conformance with 6.6.3.8.1.2.
The Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity, meeting in its thirty-fourth ordinary session in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, from 8 to 10 June 1998,
Some activity reports provided information on this item on an annual basis.
On the issue of valuation methodology (recommendations 6 and 7), the Department emphasized that responsibility for establishing accurate property valuations for insurance purposes lies with the Facilities Management Division.
E. Supplementary information: United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti
(a) Review of national authorities' measures to translate global conference commitments and United Nations system mandates into country-level action plans;
26. Takes note of the request of the Government of the Republic of Croatia for technical cooperation and assistance programmes and of the positive response thereto by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, and looks forward to the effects of those programmes on the situation of human rights and the rule of law;
40. An important development during the past two years was the swapping of Brady bonds by some middle-income countries.
FINANCING OF THE UNITED NATIONS PEACEKEEPING FORCES IN THE
Item 45 The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development
UNEP initiated negotiations to prepare an international legally binding instrument to reduce the risks arising from the release of 12 such pollutants.
The Committee recommends that steps be taken to improve prison conditions, including conditions for prisoners on death row, and that in so doing account be taken of the Committee's General Comment No. 21 (44) on article 10 of the Covenant and the United Nations Minimum Standard Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners.
118. WHO has supported the publication of several monographs, including “Rapport du Séminaire Atelier sur la Politique Pharmaceutique Nationale”, “Rapport de la troisième Evaluation de la Mise en Oeuvre de Santé pour Tous d’ici l’an 2000”, “Enquête dans les ménages à Kinshasa”, “Préparation et Réponses aux Situations d’Urgence et Catastrophes au Zaïre – Plan Stratégique National”, “Module VIH – Développement” and “Actualisation de la Stratégie de la Santé Pour Tous”.
937. The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen coordination among the various governmental bodies and mechanisms involved in children's rights, at both the national and local levels.
For developing countries, one of the major interests and specificities of the Internet (in addition to its unrivalled price/power ratio) is its interactive nature: when using the Internet, developing countries cease to be at the receiving end of the international information network.
(a) To develop guidelines for the comprehensive delegation of authority to line managers, together with measures for follow-up and accountability;
322. The Committee recommends that national legislation be brought into conformity with the provisions of articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention.
The Committee welcomes the achievements during the period under review in bringing domestic law into conformity with the provisions of the Covenant.
The failure to reach the consensus needed to define and set up this important body has hampered the fulfilment of this commitment.
The Committee also believes that cases of abuse and ill-treatment of children, including sexual abuse within the family, should be properly investigated, sanctions applied to perpetrators and publicity given to decisions taken, with due regard to the principle of respect for the child's privacy.
Twenty-nine activities related to energy account for 9 per cent of the GHG abatement effect.
Graduated from the Law School of the University of Athens in 1956.
The fellowship has been awarded to a young Chinese economist who is working under the supervision of Mr. North. Box 7
46. At the country level, the recent reforms in the operational activities of the United Nations, the introduction of the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, the strengthening of the resident coordinator system and the establishment of the United Nations Development Group have added a new dimension to the implementation of the agendas and plans of action.
in Geneva, addressed to the Chairman of the forty—ninth session
Travel of participants to official meetings
Financing of development and technical cooperation
Having no money to pay for a taxi, the boy entered a parked vehicle and fell asleep, overcome by pain and fatigue.
One issue is that, while import tariff rates are now bound within the Agreements, tariffs have only been lowered in a few instances, and in some others they have actually been raised compared with the early 1990s.
She, like all other parents with children in the school, rushed to the scene to look for her son.
24. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 46/182 and the report of the Secretary-General on reform, the Inter-Agency Standing Committee, under the chairmanship of the Emergency Relief Coordinator, has a number of options available in deciding on the appropriate field coordination mechanism for each complex emergency.
It is concerned that valuable time has been lost in establishing such a machinery and integrating a gender dimension into all policies, which the Committee deems especially important during times of radical societal and economic change.
In the SADC region, UNSO has supported the establishment of a sub-regional system of exchange of information, as well as a monitoring and evaluation for the implementation of the CCD.
Fellowship programme in peacemaking and preventive diplomacy
459. The Committee also requests information on other legislative reforms which have been scheduled or undertaken, particularly with regard to the right to freedom of association, in accordance with the provisions of article 5 (d) (ix) of the Convention.
The Committee noted the plans for the following activities which, to the extent possible, should disseminate information on UNISPACE III:
42. In Asia, UNDP has organized round tables at the regional level to deal with various issues cutting across countries and affecting FDI.
At 1735 two Israeli warplanes attacked outlying areas of Mashgharah, firing two air-to-surface missiles.
The Committee signalled that the resources required to administer a plan of the size, worldwide scope and administrative complexity of the United Nations pension system could no longer be simply related to the level of the pensionable remuneration of active participants, but would also have to take into account the situation of retirees and their beneficiaries.
The water network in Homs camp was connected with the municipal water supply system, and the General Authority for Palestine Arab Refugees laid 400 metres of concrete sewer pipes in Sbeineh camp.
Angry settlers climbed onto surrounding rooftops and entered the casbah where they scuffled with Palestinians.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
18. Following the request of the Working Group on Competition Policy of the Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA), which identified technical cooperation as its immediate priority, a detailed questionnaire on the needs of the FTAA member countries in the field of competition law and policy was drafted and a regional advisor, based in Lima (Peru), was appointed by UNCTAD to prepare and complete the project.
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION
The expert welcomes the decision of her colleague, Radhika Coomaraswamy, Special Rapporteur on Violence against Women of the Commission on Human Rights, to travel on mission to Haiti in November 1998.
Witnesses informed the Special Committee that in addition to demolitions, 1,500 cases of seizure and confiscation for non-payment of taxes were filed in Jerusalem on a single day with the objective of confiscating shops and houses belonging to the Arab population, thereby forcing them to leave Jerusalem.
Letter dated 5 November 1998 from the President of Mexico addressed to the Secretary-General
An open-ended ad hoc group was established to conduct the negotiations and ensure the completion of its work as early as possible in 1997, with a view to adopting the results at the third session of the Conference of the Parties.
9. Consultative status with the Economic and Social Council remains at the core of the formal relationship between the United Nations and NGOs.
Unfortunately, the meeting in Colombo was fruitless.
e For information on the application of the Covenant in Hong Kong, Special Administrative Region of China, see chapter V, section B, of the annual report for 1996-1997 (A/51/40), paras. 78-85.
International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women
The last country to ratify the Convention was Myanmar, on 22 July 1997 (see annex I for the complete list of States that have signed, ratified, acceded or succeeded to the Convention as at 1 August 1998, as well as the dates of the signatures and receipt of the instruments of ratification, accession or succession).
In the Danube region, there are frequent reports of harassment of Serbs, people in mixed families and others who stayed in the region during the war, including accounts of violent attacks, ranging from the placing of bombs and other explosive devices to disputes in public places.
The Board took note that the 19 members of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget for 1997, as designated by the regional groups, were as follows:
124. The year has also been notable for life-threatening ecological disasters.
On account of prevailing uncertainties, some elements of the programme budget may have to be recommended by the SBI as contingencies, depending on decisions of COP 3 or the United Nations General Assembly at its fifty-second session;
Emergency pressure-relief devices may be of the spring-loaded, frangible or fusible type.
61. Figures taken from the UNDCP data bank indicate that the number of countries reporting both heroin and cocaine fluctuated between 1990 and 1995.
(c) procedures for the Conference to enter into agreements with the institution regarding Global Mechanism functions and modalities, including the nature, form and timing;
(e) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa
1. The United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG) was established by the Security Council in its resolution 858 (1993) of 24 August 1993 for an initial period of six months.
IDB.18/Dec.10 FINANCIAL SITUATION OF UNIDO, INCLUDING WITHDRAWAL OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
The report reviewed in-depth and self-evaluation activities during the period 1996–1997.
3. Contingent-owned equipment. Provision is made for reimbursement for two contingent-owned ambulances for a six-month period pending their replacement by United Nations-owned vehicles.
In some areas where ICRC is not operational, national Red Cross or Red Crescent societies have begun mine-awareness projects.
The Board recommends that the Administration plan its major maintenance work sufficiently in advance in order to avoid exigency contracts, to give adequate time for the approval process, to obtain competitive bids and to have sufficient time to vet the background of the contractors and vendors.
(b) Implementation of recommendations adopted at the Twentieth Meeting of HONLEA, Asia and the Pacific, held at Jakarta from 18 to 22 September l995, will be reviewed at the Twenty-second Meeting, currently scheduled to be held in Malaysia in 1998; recommendations adopted at the Twenty-first Meeting, held at Manila from 4 to 8 November l996, will be reviewed at the Twenty-third Meeting;
This may be caused by a lack of information and skills, fixed investments specific to the production of the current product, or physical and climatic factors.
Recalling Articles 9 and 10 of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change,
These centres will have a wide variety of facilities designed for rehabilitation.
This resulted in unutilized resources of $49,900.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO)
The Symposium dealt with many issues directly relevant to this subregion, including the possible establishment of a regional organization for interregional cooperation, the Korean peninsula and interregional cooperation for environmental protection and bilateral economic relations.
The Secretariat also requested revisions and clarifications of performance standards for major equipment approved by the previous two Working Groups.
Unfortunately, their previous failures are no guarantee that they will not resort to this method once again.
H. Fact sheets on the work of the United Nations
5. Also approves the travel and subsistence regulations for the judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the judges of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda contained in annex III of the report of the Secretary-General; A/52/520.
3. Adopting all necessary legislative, administrative and technical measures to ensure the protection of radioactive material against illegal or unauthorized access to them by third parties.
During its visit to The Hague, the Committee was informed that, while it was believed that the rate at which the Tribunal compensated assigned counsel was reasonable, the total cost for defence counsel would likely increase very dramatically in the coming years.
9. Stresses that the eradication of colonialism by the year 2000 requires the full and constructive cooperation of all parties concerned;
21. Voluntary contributions in kind (budgeted)
This was the first in a series of annual consensus resolutions passed by the General Assembly requesting Member States to report their military expenditures in standardized form to the Secretary-General by 30 April each year.
The national reports will be reviewed and a regional report will be prepared on the basis of the analysis made by each focal point/expert.
(c) Less any emissions transferred to another Annex [*] Party for their emissions budget under emissions trading provisions permitted in pragraphs 2.1 and 2.2;
This omission may facilitate the use of the territory of the State to recruit, train and finance mercenaries.
The headquarters of the Agency shall be located in Paris.
(c) Information about consultations with troop-contributing countries, as well as briefings given to those countries, should be included in the briefings of the President of the Security Council immediately after such consultations have taken place;
In referring to the latter centre, one speaker noted that United Nations information centres should report on positive developments in the areas they served.
Some 1.2 million young people aged between 10 and 18 were advised on the modes of transmission and methods of prevention against HIV/AIDS through an information campaign.
78. Committee on Information, twenty-first session [General Assembly resolution 33/115 C]
The General Assembly shall appoint the members of the Advisory Committee at the regular session immediately preceding the expiration of the term of office of the members or, in case of vacancies, at the next session.”
The one-sided relationship also left the Palestinian economy vulnerable to external shocks, such as civil unrest, curfews, Israeli recessions and closures.
The Committee expresses the view that cultural and religious values cannot be allowed to undermine the universality of women's rights.
It was emphasized, however, that such delegation should be accompanied by clear accountability; otherwise, compliance to General Assembly resolutions and existing rules and regulations would be endangered.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Credentials Committee in paragraph 13 of its report (A/52/719) (resolution 52/178).
The General Assembly adopted the recommendation of the Committee on Conferences contained in a letter from the Chairman of the Committee (A/52/340/Add.1) to authorize the Committee on Information to meet in New York during the main part of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly.
It may aim, for example, to increase the robustness of infrastructure designs and long-term investments; increase the flexibility of vulnerable managed systems; enhance the adaptability of vulnerable natural systems; and reverse the trends that increase vulnerability (“maladaptation”).
WFP delivered food aid assistance both in life-threatening situations and for rehabilitation activities.
(a) The equal rights and status of the Turkish Cypriot side in Cyprus;
It is, however, a matter for concern that the investment ratio appears to have fallen in more than half of the countries in which export earnings increased during 1993-1995.
(iii) On-site systems implementation services
It has in fact been seen that mercenaries who are treated as prisoners of war soon resume their criminal practices, in the same country or elsewhere.
UNIDO activities in Latin America and the Caribbean.
The savings ratio for Africa reached its lowest level (13.9 per cent of GDP) in 1993; since then it has been increasing and reached 16.8 per cent in 1997.
Wissam Rafidi, aged 39, was one of the longest-standing Palestinian administrative detainees in Israel.
At its fifty-second session, the General Assembly adopted resolution 52/185 on enhancing international cooperation towards a durable solution to the external debt problem of developing countries”.
6.6.5.1.1 The design type of each large packaging shall be tested as provided in 6.6.5.3 in accordance with procedures established by the competent authority.
(a) Accounts receivable and deferred charges
However, as a condition for the issuance of a licence to foreign fishing vessels, they had to keep a record of losses in terms of type and quantity and also to consider offloading some of the by-catches and discards in Niue.
PENSION FUND AND REPORT OF THE BOARD OF AUDITORS
The Committee also agreed that the specialized agencies and other entities should also be invited to address the Committee as a whole in a closed meeting on States parties whose initial reports are to be taken up by the Committee.
II. Measures taken at the national and international levels regarding the prevention and suppression of international terrorism and information on incidents caused by international terrorism
Thus, benefits derived from excessive controls in one area may be outweighed by increased costs in others.
All the components of the industry such as oil and gas companies, drilling contractors, oilfield equipment suppliers and offshore fabricators experienced increased profits in 1997.
To meet this challenge, the critical need to develop a culture of prevention and specific forms of action and interaction in this field was recognized.
Within this period the mission made efforts to renew the contract through the full bidding process; in October 1995, requests for proposals were sent to 35 firms, including the existing supplier, all of whom were given one month to respond.
9. The Advisory Committee notes that the General Assembly, in paragraph 13 of its resolution 52/226 A, requested the Secretary-General to take all possible measures to increase procurement from developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
The specialists were engaged in field work and consultations in the Semipalatinsk region from 15 to 28 June 1998, and an intensive review workshop was held at Almaty on 29 and 30 June, where priorities and a consensus were again considered and reaffirmed by a larger group of specialists.
51. We underscore the importance of alternative development and the necessary promotion of socio-economic options for communities adversely affected by illegal crops.
Intuition Music, Inc. DBA Sequoia Records
16 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 5 (A/52/5), vol.
2. Agenda items 18, 90, 91, 92 and 12 and 93
(d) Use of existing regional organizations, consultations, meetings and other working arrangements in drug control as a tool or forum for the regional exchange of experience, new research results and findings relating to various aspects of the problem of ATS;
The General Assembly took note that Chad had made the ne-cessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.
Netherlands Thirteenth report 9 January 1997 -
For some, family support is not available, and clan or community care is grossly inadequate.
28. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (item 138).
884. The Committee notes with deep concern that the law applicable in the case of rape of a minor excuses the perpetrator of the crime from penal prosecution if he is prepared to marry his victim.
2. Statements and comments made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/53/SR.38).
It could then identify priority actions at the international and national level that may be required to strengthen controls over precursors in order to prevent their diversion to illicit channels and to apprehend international traffickers of precursors through advanced techniques such as controlled delivery.
It is assumed in the present note that the time available for the review of the second communications from Annex I Parties will be two years, with the final results of this review to be made available to the extent possible for COP 5.
173. At the 44th meeting, on 28 July, the Council adopted a draft resolution entitled “Demand for and supply of opiates for medical and scientific needs”, recommended by the Commission on narcotic Drugs (E/1998/28, chap. I, sect. A).
The Secretary-General is committed to examining all avenues for enhancing mobility including increased support for lateral moves, job exchanges, secondments, temporary assignments and job rotation systems within departments and service in missions.
Meeting of Governmental Experts from Land-locked 18-20 June
Freedom of expression was to be safeguarded as a basic right enshrined in the Convention, though several felt it was necessary to resort to strong measures to limit the access of the very young to injurious media fare, specifically pornography, paedophilia and gratuitous violence.
She indicated that the Population Fund and the Committee have discussed the participation of Committee experts in the formulation, mid-term review and evaluation of the country programmes of the Fund and in regional meetings and field-staff training.
43. While not all contingents were appropriate for all operations because of political sensitivities, the Under-Secretary-General noted that troops were selected according to operational needs and without favouritism.
Nevertheless, the Agency’s 1998 budget remained only partially funded, and the estimated 1998 budget deficit remained high, at $62 million.
The continuation of this process as a means of identifying pressing disarmament and security issues and exploring region-oriented solutions has gained the strong support of Member States and academic groups within the region.
The review process should also take into account the question of under-representation as well as over-representation of any region on the Council in both permanent and non-permanent categories.
10-12 March Havana Third Regional meeting of the Latin American and Caribbean Region
There is only a small trade in further processed beef products such as corned beef, other canned cooked products, and smaller volumes of frozen cooked products which are demanded particularly in the EU and the United States.
The Board recommended that the administration ensure that the instructions and provisions of the Manual are adhered to and that the benefits of economies of scale are obtained wherever possible (A/53/5 (vol. I), chap. II, para. 96; A/53/5/Add.10, chap. II, para. 29).
As to the point made in paragraph 25 of the report of the Secretary-General that the head of procurement would be required to exercise a leadership role in common services and inter-agency endeavours in procurement matters, the Committee points out that as the Procurement Division is responsible for only about 11 per cent of the system-wide total, the need for the United Nations to provide leadership in this regard is therefore not very compelling.
Actual expenditure for 1998 was expected to be less than the amount budgeted owing to austerity and other cost reduction measures taken in response to funding shortfalls.
Clarifying the procedure for requests for deferral submitted to the national authorities by the Tribunal in respect of investigations and criminal proceedings;
The Committee began its consideration of these agenda items and heard an introductory statement by the Controller who also introduced the reports of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/52/4 and Corr.1 and A/C.5/52/13).
In particular, the Committee welcomes the Government’s recognition that democracy will not be achieved without the full and equal participation of women in decision-making and all other areas of life.
The Serbian Ministry of Justice has announced that more than 700 persons were currently under investigation, and that a series of trials would commence in October 1998.
The independence and authority of the judiciary are undermined by clauses in executive decrees which oust the jurisdiction of the courts.
Accordingly, as at 27 April 1998, the date of General Assembly resolution 52/226, only one recommendation was still under consideration, namely, recommendation 27, that an independent complaint bureau/supplier relations manager (i.e., “ombudsman”) be appointed.
Thus far, 14 military zones, three air bases, two naval bases, three brigades and 7 units, totalling 25,227 troops – that is to say, 80.28 per cent of the existing strength – have been verified.
86. The Committee encourages the State party to adopt all appropriate measures to ensure the birth registration of all children, including those born in rural areas and on commercial farms, and encourages efforts designed to establish registration units at schools and clinics.
(e) The older population itself is ageing.
22. The majority of staff in the General Service and related categories are women (4,162 women as compared to 3,539 men).
21. Against this background, the Board examined:
Mention can be made in this regard of the difficulties in ensuring birth registration in remote areas of abandoned and refugee children, as well as of the situation of female victims of practices such as ngozi (girl child pledging), lobola (bride price) and early marriage, and of disabled children.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to have the present letter distributed as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.
UNCTAD is providing three research contributions to the UNU/WIDER project on Growth, External Sector and the Role of Non-traditional Exports in Sub-Saharan Africa.
Proclaims that the period 2001–2010 will constitute the International Decade for a Culture of Non-violence and Peace for the Children of the World; ‘2.
The Advisory Committee considered that the preferred solution should meet the criteria of statistical viability, simplicity and transparency and should be capable of being implemented by 1 January 1998.
Financial report for the biennium 1996–1997 ended 31 December 1997
The significance of this direction for Kyrgyzstan is determined by the following main factors: the need for and benefits of cooperation with developed European countries; the desirability of further developing links with the Eastern European States; and participation in the European affairs of the States bordering on Kyrgyzstan.
The second session of the Commission should help to identify the role that UNCTAD’s Commissions had to play and could play, especially with regard to the 1998 Mid-Term Review.
The amounts fixed in the agreements between the Fund and the custodians had showed inconsistencies in the amounts fixed in the agreements in relation to the assets in the custody or control of the custodians, which ranged between 0.2 and 8.2 per cent of the market value of the assets held by the Fund’s custodians.
The Committee regrets, with serious concern, that volume II of its annual report containing these annexes has not been published for the past three years (see, also, chap. I).
The Assistant Secretary-General examines the reply in the context of the complete dossier and decides whether the case warrants summary dismissal for serious and patent misconduct, whether the matter should be referred for consideration by a Joint Disciplinary Committee or whether the explanation of the staff member is satisfactory and justifies closing the matter at the disciplinary level.
The format followed under agenda item 4, in which the secretariat had made a number of short sectoral presentations followed by discussions on the issues raised, should serve as a model for future work.
Resolution on the Jammu and Kashmir issue
The Board has commented on this weakness several times since 1985, but progress has remained slow.
(d) To accord observer status at the first session of the Conference of the Parties to all the intergovernmental organizations previously accorded such status at sessions of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for the Elaboration of an International Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, as listed in annex III to the present decision;
The unutilized balance of $249,000 under this heading resulted from the deployment of one helicopter instead of the three originally planned.
At its 2nd and 5th meetings on 28 July and 5 August, respectively, the SBSTA considered the sub-item on methodological issues related to joint implementation.
On behalf of the Committee, he thanked Mr. Christov for his cooperation and dedication to the Committee and said that informal consultations would be conducted with the members of the Committee in order to identify a suitable candidate for consideration by the Committee.
35. UNCTAD - Meeting of Experts within the framework of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
These sessions are modelled on the procedures adopted for the Habitat II Conference.
The keynote speaker will be H.E. Mr. René Préval, President of Haiti.
It is understood that when a minority opinion develops on a particular point within such a liaison committee, it will be presented to UNCTAD along with the opinion of the majority.
The delegation of the United States of America confirmed that it preferred to keep the present wording of the proposal and to include claims against time and voyage charterers.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (j) of agenda item 17.
Extraordinary meetings of the Parties shall be held at such other times as may be deemed necessary by a meeting of the Parties, or at the written request of a Party, provided that within six months of such a request being communicated to them by the secretariat, it is supported by at least one third of the Parties.
Statements made on behalf of a group of delegations or made in connection with the sub-items under the agenda item on human rights questions should not exceed fifteen minutes.
(f) International Civil Service Commission:
The Panel decides that this provision of decision 7 can serve as the basis for claims in respect of evacuation from other countries provided a claimant can establish a direct causal link between its loss and Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait.
(Briefing by the Director of the United Nations
6.6.1.2 In recognition of scientific and technological advances, the technical requirements of this Chapter may be varied by alternative arrangements.
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Wednesday, 12 November 1997
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 5 (A/51/5), vol. II, chap. II.
27. The Board recommends that the Administration establish a system of periodic review of accounts receivable to recover and/or adjust the items.
In its resolution 1995/38, the Sub-Commission endorsed the decision of the Working Group and requested the Secretary-General to invite Governments, intergovernmental organizations and indigenous and non-governmental organizations to provide information, in particular on matters relating to health, to be made available as a background paper at the Working Group.
How to combine the necessary confidentiality of commercial transactions (including through encryption of messages) with existing rules on export control or competition?
Of that quantity, it appears that over 150,000 litres were actually distributed to beneficiaries.
18. Overall, it is projected that total peacekeeping disbursements in 1998 will exceed peacekeeping contributions.
Item 159 Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola
As of the time of the drafting of the present report, the Committee was given to understand that a further payment would be made in late March 1998 for the period from 1 June to 31 August 1997.
3. As reflected in those resolutions, the international community updated its strategy for dealing with economic and financial crises in developing countries (for example, through improved standards of information flow to the public on emerging market economies and establishment of an emergency financing mechanism at the International Monetary Fund (IMF)).
The reserve is therefore $0.9 million below the required level.
The supplementary information contained in part D of annex II to that document also remains valid.
B. Communications from Parties not included in
Programmes will be broadcast on local radio and television.
9. Mexico hopes that the Special Committee on the Charter will be able to address this issue at its 1999 session and that the outcome of the debate will take the form of a strengthened judicial organ with a greater capacity to deal expeditiously with the growing demands of the international community.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
(i) "Child" means a child of a staff member who is dependent on the staff member for main and continuing support;
Ms. Palley stressed, however, that she had doubts even about this second approach, which might, through the creation of categories such as “ethnocide”, or even “ecocide”, cast doubts upon the strong established jus cogens status of the traditional crime of genocide itself.
In this case, the economic base is a constituent part of the individual's right.
1. The primary purpose of the first performance report, which is submitted in the first year of the biennium, is to identify adjustments required because of variations in the rates of inflation and exchange and in standards assumed in the calculation of the initial appropriations.
Of the cumulative deficit amount, $9.8 million was not covered by pledges, while $1.3 million represented an outstanding commitment.
Furthermore, triennial reviews relating to the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and social development programme were produced as well as a biennial report on strengthening the role of evaluation.
3. A survey of United Nations organizations was conducted, which found that some special measures are applied to suppliers from developing countries in the form of inclusion of such suppliers on shortlists for tenders, or permitting certain procurements to be sourced only at the local or regional levels.
15. The Joint Intergovernmental Group of Experts considered that it had completed its work on the topic before it and that the question of a future session should be decided on by its parent bodies.
(a) UNDCP should be invited to assist States members of the Subcommission that are currently unable to fight drug abuse because of a lack of financial and technical resources;
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
UNHCU also served as the field-level secretariat for the Special Envoy for Humanitarian Affairs to the Sudan.
Accordingly, the Committee considers concluding comments comparatively in an effort to ensure that they are even.
23. The 100th Inter-Parliamentary Conference held at Moscow from 6 to 12 September 1998 had, as one of the two major topics on its agenda, “Strong action by national parliaments in the year of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights to ensure the promotion and protection of all human rights in the twenty-first century”.
31. Financing of the United Nations Support Mission in Haiti, the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti (item 141).
OF THE MOVEMENT OF NON-ALIGNED COUNTRIES AND THE GROUP OF 77
Between 1300 and 1350 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the North and the South at various altitudes breaking the sound barrier.
However, it is one of my disappointments that the wider issue of non-governmental organization participation in the work of the United Nations remains unresolved.
In addition to mechanical repairs, the Section repairs accident damage.
26. With the changes described under the expenditure sections above, a decrease of $4.5 million would result.
Rapporteur: Mr. Bernard Tanoh-Boutchoué (Côte d’Ivoire)
Report of the Secretary-General on human rights and unilateral coercive measures (A/53/293 and Add.1)
Five Parties (CAN, DEU, NLD, NZL, USA) described bilateral projects and programmes that will help countries adapt to climate change.
(a) Advancement of women: implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action and the role of operational activities in promoting, in particular, capacity-building and resource mobilization for enhancing the participation of women in development;
However, the problem of complex contract administration, which is quite prevalent in dealing with low-proceed vendors, consumes significant amounts of staff effort and time.
United Nations reform: measures and proposals (item 157)
21. Financial self-reliance, total responsibility and full independence are vital for an effective cooperative enterprise.
19. Develop a comprehensive monitoring and evaluation system to ensure that the concerns envisaged in the environmental policy are addressed adequately (para. 75).
Since then, the number of Trade Points has doubled - there are currently 132 at different stages of development - and major achievements have been made in the technological advancement of the network.
128. The view was expressed that emphasis should be placed on management in the proposed revisions to programme 24.
(f) Curriculum material centres. During the pre-war era, there existed curriculum material centres (reproduction centres) in the 13 counties.
The estimate provides for a total of 397 international and 1,307 local staff.
Farmer-to-farmer exchanges – $250,000 (*)/2.5 years
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolutions 52/126 and 52/167).
The Agency will also be responsible for establishing a system to ensure fair promotion of government employees on the basis of objective criteria.
8. At the same meeting, the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/L.1883 without a vote (A/AC.109/2129).
37. Under the formula recommended by the Staff Management Consultative Committee, all staff representatives are released from their other official duties for the purpose of discharging their staff representational activities, either on a full-time or on a part-time basis.
At 0350 hours an Israeli gunboat off Rashidiyah fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire.
As recognized by the General Assembly, education must play a key role in the global strategy against child labour.
Death penalty (see corresponding paragraphs in the report)
1358. At the thirteenth session, the Committee concluded its work on guidelines regarding the form and contents of periodic reports to be submitted by States parties in the light of article 44, paragraph 1 (b), of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, on the basis of previous discussion and preparatory work undertaken by the Committee since its tenth session (see, also, CRC/C/54, para. 266).
However, peaceful settlement of disputes is not the only function of international negotiations.
7. Report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country (D.152).
2 A/51/453 and A/52/489; E/CN.4/1997/85 and E/CN.4/1998/95.
46. With regard to nuclear weapons testing as a threat to indigenous peoples, IITC cites Tahiti, Polynesia, in particular, as an indigenous community poisoned by such testing.
Status of the Convention on the Rights of the Child
For further information, please contact Mr. Yutaka Yoshino (521-1526) of the Japanese Mission.
Strict requirements regarding the conditions for paying and controlling advances are outlined in the Finance Manual.
The preferred atmosphere is 23 ± 2°C and 50% ± 2% r.h.
Currently, the Government spends approximately 60 per cent of the budget on security, while 7 per cent is spent on health and 4 per cent on education;
Exchange arrangements with institutions throughout the world
1. In accordance with the usual practice, the Expert Meeting may wish to elect a Chairman and a Vice-Chairman-cum-Rapporteur.
386. The Committee recommends the incorporation of human rights education, including education about the Convention on the Rights of the Child, as a core curriculum subject in all schools.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/126).
Article 3 also specifies that candidates should have substantial experience of executive responsibility in public administration or related fields, particularly in personnel management.
The Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that as of end of March 1998, there were 156 contingent-owned equipment claims under various stages of review or negotiations and 19 cases which had not yet been examined; there were also 204 letters of assist and spare parts claims that remained outstanding.
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen coordination between the various governmental mechanisms involved in children's rights, at both the national and local levels, with a view to developing a comprehensive policy on children and ensuring effective evaluation of the implementation of the Convention in the country.
The Secretary-General noted that he was addressing the issue in the context of his overall efforts to introduce a performance-based, results-oriented organizational culture.
Examples would include treatment of waste products, clean up costs relating to current operating activities, clean up of damage incurred in a prior period, ongoing environmental administration, and environmental audits.
matters, including transparency of military expenditures
228. The Committee regrets that the report does not sufficiently examine obstacles to the elimination of discrimination against women and the advancement of the status of women in society.
As well as trying to enhance knowledge and awareness of human rights, MICIVIH programmes aimed to clarify thinking about values such as fairness, equality and justice, and develop a critical understanding of the obstacles to full enjoyment of rights and freedoms, especially among State agents.
Any questions of implementation identified by the secretariat under paragraph 1(b) above, as well as any questions raised by Parties.
UNCTAD cooperates with a large number of research and training institutions.
Second: Make a sustained effort to rebuild Arab relations on a firm foundation of security, confidence and trust;
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's further consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/52/SR.59).
133. The Committee also urges the State party to resolve the remaining problems relating to the acquisition of Czech citizenship by all residents, including prisoners and children and adolescents in institutions, in particular members of the Roma minority.
Letter dated 15 April 1986 from the Permanent Representative of Oman to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/17994).
More significantly, many media reports have quoted extensively from them to strengthen arguments supportive of the Organization.
9. At its 1st and 2nd meetings, on 8 May and 1 June 1998, the Committee elected the following officers by acclamation:
Issues relating to the incidence and treatment of children infected with or affected by HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases and to reducing the apparent recourse to abortion as a method of family planning should also be the focus of programmatic actions.
On the one hand, this means that the exchange rate should not be allowed to become clearly unsustainable because the incentive to evade the controls is thereby increased.
Another is that the possibility of a nuclear war, where such particular weapon features might be considered useful, now appears to be very remote.
– relations among States to be developed in accordance with the principle of good-neighbourliness and mutual respect;
He hoped that the policy analysis and the consensus-building engaged in by this Commission would serve to provide a clearer idea of opportunities offered by globalization, and would thus lay a firmer basis upon which both national and multilateral trade policies could be built.
I. States that have ratified or acceded to the Convention on the Rights of the Child as at 23 January 1998 . 202
The budget of the Office for the biennium 1998–1999 for the printing of information and reference materials is US$ 230,700.
Principles and Rules for the Control of 1980 Restrictive Business Practices United Nations Multilateral Non-binding Adopted
66. The first of the above problems has not yet been solved with the help of international machinery and procedures but could be if criteria, recognized at the global or regional level, for defining gross and massive violations of human rights were developed.
Since then, FAO has designated a focal point on the common African agricultural programme and intensified its consultations and cooperation with AEC on the acceleration of the process.
The best images, with a resolution of about 15 cm, are from the more advanced version of the KH satellites, KH-11 and KH-11/Improved versions or KH-12, which deploy sensors sensitive to visible and near infrared light as well as thermal infrared radiation to detect heat emitted from industrial facilities.
1. Identify different users' information needs, analysing articles 16 to 19 of the Convention;
125. In the determination of daily subsistence allowance, the Board noted that the use of computerization was ad hoc and the controls were personalized, need-based and manual.
The remaining 51 vacancy announcements for military and civilian police functions had been circulated to Member States with an eight-week deadline.
Letter dated 28 December 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
In its resolutions 48/252 A and 50/216 (IV) of 26 May 1994 and 23 December 1995, respectively, the Assembly decided to maintain the salary of the members of the Court at the same level.
It was suggested that reference should also be made to private international law, in the context of the discussion on law on commercial contracts.
5. In response to the recommendation, UNICEF has created a reserve for outstanding contributions receivable amounting to $5 million, but this is yet to receive the approval of the Executive Board.
13. WMO - Thirteenth World Meteorological Congress
Recent UNDCP field office reports indicate that between 6 and 7 tonnes of cocaine transit Suriname annually.
The 180 civilian police authorized by the Security Council are to be transferred from UNTAES and all 180 are expected to rotate between 16 January and 30 June 1998.
(f) The Office should ensure that there is a complete, up-to-date, annual appraisal for every member of staff and that a central record be maintained of the staff appraisals (para. 62);
There is therefore a strong case for promoting an integrated approach, based on actions that are:
16. Approves, on an exceptional basis, the special arrangements for the Transitional Authority with regard to the application of article IV of the Financial Regulations of the United Nations, whereby appropriations required in respect of obligations owed to Governments providing contingents and/or logistic support to the Transitional Authority shall be retained beyond the period stipulated under financial regulations 4.3 and 4.4, as set out in the annex to the present resolution;
2. The Economic Commission for Europe, the Economic Commission for Africa, the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development, and the United Nations Development Programme were represented at the Meeting.
Within the United Nations, members of the permanent missions and the Secretariat can access GLIN from computer terminals in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library. A/53/492
Their belongings and food were then unloaded at the entrance to the Jerusalem garbage dump.
Both the Cooperative Association and the Association of Agricultural Cooperatives and Companies in the Czech Republic note that the special character of cooperatives is not recognized and they do not receive any tax relief or any other preferential treatment.
At 1615 hours Majdal Zun came under Israeli artillery fire.
I must also add that the support services of the General Assembly are constantly subject to severe budget cuts that have a significant adverse impact on the quality of their services, which are so important to the effective discharge of the work of the General Assembly and of the Office of the President.
The C-130 and the propeller aircraft violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the Cape of Apostle Andreas before exiting in a south-easterly and northerly direction, respectively.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Republic of Korea, the United Kingdom, Austria, Sweden, the Philippines, Malaysia, Nigeria, Mexico, Italy, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Egypt, Cuba, China, Ukraine and Germany.
2. Commends the Committee for its work with regard to the implementation of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination,1 especially the examination of reports under article 9 and action on communications under article 14 of the Convention;
(a) At their sixth sessions, the SBSTA and the SBI both decided to recommend a draft decision for adoption by the COP at its third session.
The region of sub-Saharan Africa has not been spared the worldwide increase in the illicit cultivation, production, trafficking and consumption of drugs.
Apart from the various endeavours to improve the administrative system and the Government, efforts continue to be focused on health, housing, education, as well as the nutrition of the population.
(c) In accordance with the terms of General Assembly resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994, the financial period for peacekeeping operations has been changed to a fiscal year period from 1 July to 30 June.
During the same period, ECA also undertook a systematic assessment of the strengths and weaknesses of its programmes and articulated a new orientation summarized in a report entitled “Serving Africa Better: Strategic Direction for the Economic Commission for Africa”.
∙ Youth issues are not treated in isolation, but mainstreamed into all policy-making.
At the same time, the Mission expressed its concerns about the legality of the administrative proceedings which consist of placing suspect police in disciplinary custody for a period of time (isolement).
A system for environmental monitoring and research
Provision was made based on an estimated cost of $4,200 per month for sectors and patrol observation posts in the demilitarized zone, for facilities and a warehouse in Kheitan, for transport workshop facilities and the liaison office in Baghdad.
Mr. Eduard Kudriavtsev (Russian Federation)***
At 1815 and 1915 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm mortar shells at outlying areas of Zibqin from their positions at Dahr al-Maydan and Jabal Balat.
The Committee considers such an intermingling of the secular and religious spheres as a serious impediment to full implementation of the Convention.
Decision 456 (XLV): Financing the participation of developing country experts in UNCTAD expert meetings
221. With respect to article 7 of the Convention, the publication and dissemination of the texts and principles of the Convention and other human rights documents is welcomed by the Committee.
— In order to maintain security at the meetings of the Sub—Commission, should NGO representatives be required to carry identification cards with their photograph?
However, when proposing salaries and assessing the competitiveness of United Nations common system salaries in relation to the United States Federal Civil Service, the ICSC secretariat did not include the health and pension benefits in their comparisons.
In particular, the secretariat's work should focus on: (i) empirical studies on the effect of FDI on development as a whole; (ii) steps that could be taken by home countries to promote FDI; and (iii) studies on the impact of FDI liberalization measures on FDI flows and their consequent effects on trade and development.
The Special Representative has sought to engage and inform the media in his advocacy efforts.
All interested members of delegations and United Nations staff are invited to attend.
The meeting will be chaired by Lieutenant General Manfred Eisele, Assistant Secretary-General for Planning and Support, Department of Peace-keeping Operations.
The European Union strongly appeals to both parties to extend the ceasefire in Bahr el Ghazal beyond 15 October 1998 and to meet urgently, at a high level of representation, in the technical committee on humanitarian assistance, under the chairmanship of the United Nations, in order to consider appropriate ways to enable relief supplies to reach all areas in need.
(a) Projects must be compatible with and supportive of national environment and development priorities and strategies, as well as contribute to cost effectiveness in achieving global benefits; and
The purpose of the commentary that accompanied the proposed amendments was to provide a set of explanations and interpretations that were easily accessible to staff and administration and could be used to implement in a consistent manner the rules at the different duty stations.
ECA has been promoting a dialogue with Member States on equity and growth, linkages between poverty, gender and ethnicity; making public expenditures pro-poor in Africa; and building national capacities for poverty analysis and monitoring.
At the same time, if the Agency were unable to hire enough teachers to accommodate rising enrolment in its already overcrowded education system, it would have no alternative but to turn away Palestine refugee pupils from its schools.
20. We reaffirm our commitment to the fundamental principles and universal norms of international humanitarian law.
“(c) The full cooperation of the Israeli authorities with UNRWA representatives and full respect by the Israeli authorities of the privileges and immunities that the Agency enjoys as an international body providing humanitarian services to Palestinian refugees in the occupied territories;
For budgetary calculations, it has been assumed that:
“3. Notes that further progress, including swift implementation of innovative approaches and concrete measures, is essential for contributing to effective, equitable, development-oriented and durable solutions to the external debt and debt-servicing problems of developing countries, particularly the poorest and heavily indebted countries;
“20. Urges all States parties whose reports have been examined by human rights treaty bodies to provide adequate follow-up to the observations and final comments of the treaty bodies on their reports;
3. Add the following notion to paragraph 1 (b) of article 1:
It allowed SMEs not only to overcome their smallness but also their loneliness, enabling them to compete internationally through the achievement of collective efficiency.
Shot in the head by an IDF soldier during disturbances near Rachel’s Tomb on 11 November.
These authorize, as a matter of official policy, a moderate amount of physical pressure.
During searches of the area, IDF detected a second device which was detonated by IDF sappers.
Exercise of the right to reparation includes access to the applicable international procedures.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 16 of the Convention [6]
40. Recommendation 1: that the Department of Peacekeeping Operations review the aviation planning processes for peacekeeping missions to ensure attunement to the policy and operational requirements of the mission on an ongoing basis, and that such planning decisions be ratified by the Department prior to implementation (IV97/064/01).
Between 1530 and 2310 hours the Lahad militia fired several 155 and 120-mm artillery shells at areas along the Zahrani River, the town of Mlikh, the Mu`aytah woodland, Mazra`at Umqata, Jabal al-Rafi` and outlying areas of Buyut al-Siyad from their positions at Zafatah and on Razlan, Suwayda, Sujud and Rum hills.
362. The role of the Committee in all aspects of its mandate should be strengthened.
The deadline for registration is Tuesday, 28 October.
While there is a growing level of uncertainty in the current funding environment, the Administration continues to strive to improve the accuracy of supplementary fund income projections and assist field offices in the preparation of programmes for submission to potential donors for supplementary funding.
Here the role of the Competition Board is not to prevent the regrouping of economic agents, but to ensure that a sufficient level of competition is maintained. 4.2.
Units have also been set up in Yemen and Egypt.
Used in Israeli 81/120/160-mm mortars and shells of various calibres, including 122/155/ 175-mm shells.
These decisions by programme managers to seek criminal prosecutions, in order to send a message that criminal conduct can result in criminal prosecution, were supported by both human and financial resources, and they represent hard evidence of the realization of the Secretary-General’s determination to increase accountability as part of his reform programme.
Cannabis is widely consumed in all subregions of Africa.
UNDCP is taking part in the preparation of that framework and will implement its programme in close cooperation with other United Nations agencies.
Benefits were also realized from previous and ongoing restructuring measures, mainly by reducing the number of international staff and through the non-utilization of certain budget lines as part of stricter financial controls.
Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, Particularly the ISO 14000, on Developing Countries
Several trends demand attention and appropriate responses, including organized prostitution, trafficking and domestic violence.
(e) Assistance is especially important for reintegration measures aimed at education and training and for the creation of employment opportunities or alternative employment opportunities for discharged combatants;
The rate of girls dropping out of school is high, especially at secondary level.
1. Endorses the report of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space on the work of its forty-first session;4
104. The Commission had before it a considerable amount of information on various aspects of expatriation in contrast to the rather narrow request of the Assembly to examine the partial phasing out of expatriate elements of the margin for staff with long service at one duty station.
A similar sum had been allocated by the Government.
Reaffirming that the costs of the Observer Mission are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,
Accordingly, the Group agreed to replace the words “is demanded or has been effected” by “was made or applied for”.
5. The meeting was held at the United Nations Office at Geneva from 14 to 18 September 1998.
6. Welcomes the decision of the countries members of the Standing Advisory Committee to convene as soon as possible a summit meeting of heads of State and Government with a view to establishing a higher council for the promotion of peace, the prevention, management and settlement of political crises and armed conflicts in Central Africa and a subregional parliament in Central Africa;
(d) Sharing of data on the public sector;
36. With regard to the promotion of inward FDI, countries needed to elaborate a promotion strategy targeting investors and to identify the comparative advantages they could offer the latter, as well as impediments to investment.
21.5 There has been a 30 per cent rise in ratifications since 1992, amounting to 162 additional accessions to the six core treaties on human rights.
The first regular session 1998 of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will be held from 19 to 23 January 1998 in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
“18.4 ESCWA will also work towards implementing article 8, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the Declaration on the Right to Development.
(a) Report of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People (A/52/ 35);
3. In its resolution 50/157, the General Assembly recommended that the objectives of the Decade should be assessed by quantifiable outcomes that would improve the lives of indigenous people and that could be evaluated halfway through the Decade (1999) and at its end (2004).
In this connection the authors of the draft convention emphasized that it had purely anti-terrorist purposes and by no means was it meant to modify to any extent the existing regime for the physical protection of nuclear material.
These statements have been examined and include the opinion of the Board of Auditors.
A permissive approach has been adopted to joint ventures permitting the development of high technology or the transfer of new technology to the EU from non-EU firms. / See, for example, the Olivetti/Canon case, O.J. (L52) 51 (1988).
- The size of market share, expressed in terms of turnover or sales volume, measuring the enterprise’s position in the market in question as compared with competitors.
16. Also at the same meeting, the United Nations Resident Coordinator for the Philippines made a presentation.
European Federation of Financial Analysts' Societies (EFFAS) (1996).
At 2055 hours the militia of the minion Lahad fired mortar shells at areas along the Litani River and outlying areas of Zawtar al-Gharbiyah from its position at Sal`ah.
High-level segment attended by ministers and other heads of delegation
UNDCP, WHO, the International Criminal Police Organization (ICPO/Interpol), the World Customs Organization (WCO) and other international organizations should explore the possibility of using the Internet for distance training purposes, with particular emphasis on assistance to developing countries.
The 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide should be understood in this sense.
Expert Meeting on Trade and Investment Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, particularly
3. On 15 September 1997, in its decision 51/476, the General Assembly decided that the Open-ended Working Group should continue its work and submit a report to the Assembly before the end of the fifty-second session, including any agreed recommendations.
(p) Follow-up to the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons;
Furthermore, the Directorate had the power to delete any fishing vessel from the registration list if the vessel had violated any regulation in force for the area concerned; fishing vessels operating on the high seas were also under obligation to report to it when a fishery was commencing and ending, including weekly catch reports specified by species and areas.
4. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the report of the Conference on Disarmament.
User services were a high priority concern and the results achieved can be measured by comparing the major statistical indicators for the last few biennia to note the overall rise in the number of library users, the quantity of reference questions handled and the usage of library collections.
5. At the 45th meeting, on 17 December, the representative of Côte d’Ivoire and Vice-Chairman of the Committee and coordinator of the informal consultations on the item, introduced a draft resolution entitled “United Nations common system” (A/C.5/53/L.20).
IV. Information on workshops and training courses on combating crimes connected with international terrorism
NGO participation in the consultative process and the strengthening of the capacity of NGOs along the same lines as those described in paragraph 45 (f) in respect of Asia (USD 65,000 in grants).
Taking into account the fact that 398 vehicles will be replaced by January 1999, a monthly rate of $500 per vehicle has been applied to 337 vehicles and $100 per vehicle for the remaining 902, for the six-month period ending 30 June 1999.
In accordance with United Nations accounting policies, non-expendable equipment is not included in the fixed assets of the organization but is charged against current appropriations.
The representative of Ecuador made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/52/L.5.
The Committee will continue consideration of the draft at its sixty-fourth session.
PURSUANT TO RESOLUTION 1132 (1997) CONCERNING SIERRA LEONE
Recent trends in core funding are disturbing and may eventually affect the capacity of the United Nations to discharge its development cooperation mandate precisely at a time of broad consensus achieved at the recent cycle of global conferences on the principal dimensions of United Nations system support to national and regional development.
To extend the time period allowed to link different periods of contributory service, as from the date of approval by the General Assembly of the proposed amendments.
The report of the Board of Auditors, however, did not give credit where credit was due: beginning in the mid-1980s, ICSC had been in the forefront on this issue, and had taken up the subject on numerous occasions, indeed, had done so eight times between 1985 and 1993.
1. Each State party shall take such measures as may be necessary to establish its jurisdiction over the offences set forth in article 1 bis when:
It will be extended to some other parts of the system.
2. If the material, fuel, products, waste, substances, installations, devices, their components or objects of which they are components set forth in paragraph 1 of this article do not belong to any of the States parties, or if none of those States was the State of their origin, a separate decision concerning their use shall be taken after consultations between the States concerned.
International EMS standards can be beneficial for both firms and Governments.
Upon election, the President of the Council for 1998, Juan Somavía (Chile), made a statement.
22. An expert from the United Kingdom referred to the different types of trade transactions using electronic commerce technologies (goods versus services) and the need for Governments to understand that their role would also differ accordingly.
(a) United Nations Decade of International Law (A/52/363)
1. The Expert Meeting reviewed country and regional experiences in investment promotion.
UNRWA continued to cooperate closely with the Palestinian Authority in the health sector and provide assistance for projects to enhance health infrastructure, in the framework of the Agency’s commitment to the process of building within available means a sustainable health-care system in the Palestinian self-rule areas.
Currently, the Task Force on Common Services requested its Working Group on Personnel Services, in consultation with the Working Group on Travel, to review the matter of the lump-sum scheme with a view to assessing its optimal level and ensuring a consistent application of policy across New York-based organizations.
The ongoing implementation of the Wye River Memorandum is conditioned upon the Palestinian fulfilment of their agreed-upon security responsibilities.
OTHER MATTERS IN THE FIELD OF TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT
A. The effects of RBP control and the need for information 27 - 33
During recent sessions of the Committee, the INCD emphasized the need to pursue and strengthen awareness raising activities.
In addition to its main office at UNOMIG headquarters, a sub-office was opened in Sukhumi on 1 July 1997 in order to provide easy access to the public.
Mr. Romas Svedas, Counsellor at the Permanent Mission of Lithuania to the United Nations Office at Geneva
Note: The summary of the 46th meeting of the Fifth Committee will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 1997/ 248). COMMISSION ON
The United Nations Office at Nairobi is implementing the recommendation as required by United Nations financial rules 110.16 to 110.24 and the United Nations Procurement Manual.
C = 0.607 when k is equal to or less than l; or
At 2000 hours an Israeli helicopter overflew the areas of Qilya, Dallafah, Maydun, Shawman and Niha.
The commercial value of the arms is estimated to be in excess of 2 million rand.
They are therefore obliged to seek export outlets for such production.
13 Covering the periods October 1993–January 1994 (E/CN.4/1994/73); July–November 1994 (E/CN.4/1995/89); July–November 1995 (E/CN.4/1996/92); July–December 1996 (E/CN.4/1997/84) and October 1997–January 1998 (E/CN.4/1998/95).
The day was chosen by Hamas since it was as the day when Palestinians began their resistance against the Israeli presence in the territories.
49. Fines, penalties and compensation are different from other types of environmental costs in that they provide no benefit or return to the enterprise.
The programme will soon be designated the Centre for International Nutrition Action and Knowledge.
The rule was also characterized as “very dangerous”.
(ii) Biennial monitoring of programme implementation (1996-1997)
9. The Group recognizes the importance of non-core resources as a mechanism to enhance the capacity and supplement the means of development programmes.
In addition to representatives of States members of the Commission and observers, some 300 invited persons participated in the event.
It also noted that such information could contribute to the work of other international organizations, the SBSTA, and other bodies of the Convention;
187. The Committee also commends the promulgation of Act No. 27 of 16 June 1995, which qualified domestic violence and child abuse as crimes, thereby linking them with the institutional system established to deal with such violence.
The State party explains that following the Committee's recommendation of Mr. Neptune's early release, his case has been referred to the Minister of National Security.
46. Cooperation and coordination between States parties and signatories of nuclear-weapon-free zone treaties should be actively pursued to promote their common goals.
5. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the meeting:
ii) undertaking a comprehensive evaluation of existing situation including availability of information
Arrangements have been made to ensure that such briefings and exchanges of ideas are undertaken regularly in order to address issues of concern expeditiously and to facilitate any follow-up action that may be required.
Mentors answer legal questions which arise in the course of the court’s work, and provide training to local police, prison officials, military personnel and government officials.
When the fate of a disappeared person is elucidated, the victim's family must be notified so that, should the victim have died, the body can be reclaimed after identification whether or not the perpetrators have been identified, prosecuted or tried.
369. In regard to those pollutants which have been identified as representing a serious threat to human health and the environment and requiring an urgent international response, the adoption of the Protocol to the 1979 Convention on Long-Range Transboundary Air Pollution on Persistent Organic Pollutants deserves special mention.
II. CONSIDERATION OF DRAFT DECISION A/C.5/52/L.33
The representative of Saudi Arabia made a statement.
The Conference of the Parties may, after each vote on a proposal, decide whether to vote on the next proposal.
Greater transparency has also been introduced into the procurement process to ensure that purchases are properly authorized and justified.
1. The present note contains additional replies received from Governments after the publication of the report by the Secretary—General on the subject (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1997/27).
58. Concern was expressed on the proposed revision to paragraph 2.18, which would replace “demining” with “mine action”, since the term “mine action” denoted a wider scope of activities.
The boundary with the Sudan is only partially demarcated.
Noting also that 27.5 per cent of the electorate participated in the referendum on the political status of the Territory held on 11 October 1993, that 80.4 per cent of those who voted supported the existing territorial status arrangements with the United States of America and that the referendum left the status issue undecided,
Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development
In most country programmes, efforts to prevent STDs, including HIV/AIDS, are integrated with reproductive health-care services.
As to paying different amounts for hazard, the Commission recalled that at the request of CCAQ, it had considered the introduction of a three-level system in 1991 but had decided that it was difficult to assign degrees to hazard.
As far as the audit could ascertain, this value is essentially the original cost price plus the cost of any improvements or renovations since construction, plus an annual revaluation increment of 4 per cent.
One role of the CST in this area might thus be to monitor research priorities reported in the national reports.
(e) At ESCAP the agreements did not contain detailed terms of reference or outputs;
The mandate for facilitating electronic networking among small island developing States, under the rubric SIDSNET, will, after much delay, shortly be fulfilled.
Only one decal will be issued per delegate for use on a vehicle with “D” plates.
Some Governments have established SME support agencies within government structures — what are their main functions?
947. The Committee strongly recommends that the legislation on adoption be brought into conformity with the provisions of article 21 and other related articles of the Convention.
41. The UNITAR secretariat reported no cases of fraud or presumptive fraud relating to the financial year 1997.
Accordingly, provision is made in the amount of $82,500 for the acquisition of the following workshop and test equipment:
Both the present Special Rapporteur and his predecessor had, over a period of years, made inquiries into the status of the Sombor detainees.
18. The plenary session, entitled "Planning Palestinian national development: challenges and prospects" comprised a keynote address and statements by representatives of intergovernmental organizations, donor countries and United Nations agencies and bodies.
At 0200 and 0600 hours the Lahad militia fired a number of artillery shells at areas along the Zahrani River and Wadi Habbush.
Ten studies on iron-supplementation in test groups made up of women and children in Bolivia, China, Guatemala, Indonesia, Malaysia and the United States have now been completed.
English Page The General Conference of UNESCO adopted at its twenty-ninth session (November 1997) a resolution calling, inter alia, upon all UNESCO member States to contribute to the success of the implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005.
This software will not work properly from 1 January 2000 unless remedial action is taken before 31 December 1999.
122. During 1997-1998, the Section provided ongoing support to about 30 field missions worldwide.
Their representatives are entitled to participate as observers, without the right to vote, in the public meetings of the intergovernmental bodies.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Second Committee in paragraph 9 of Part III of its report (A/52/628/Add.2) (resolution 52/187).
Cooperation with the United Nations system
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly, under items 46 and 113 (a) of the preliminary list.
Similarly, it has sponsored workshops in the various regions as part of its global support programme for the formulation of national shelter strategies.
(c) Negotiated equitable cost-sharing arrangements.
65. Post-conflict peace-building involves integrated and coordinated actions aimed at addressing the root causes of violence, whether political, legal, institutional, military, humanitarian, human rights-related, environmental, economic and social, cultural or demographic, and laying the foundations for a durable peace.
4. Ways and means for improving the opportunities for the expansion of exports of goods and services from developing countries
12. There was general agreement that the process for gathering all authoritative information should be fully transparent and include all participants.
326. The Committee recommends that the next periodic report contain information on:
It has made presentations at eleven regional workshops on issues related to the preparation of national communications.
The second study tour is planned for Africa in October 1997.
The UNESCO office in Addis Ababa is involved in the implementation of those two decisions.
Unfortunately, 1,500 metric tons of food aid, as well as vehicles, disappeared from WFP warehouses in Bamyan and Yakawlang following the recent fighting in the area.
72. The issue of taxation of officials is included in the submission provided by the International Labour Organization (ILO) (see annex IV).
3 Januray to 2 August 1991 (resolution 45/246)
Two meetings shall be allocated for the presentations by the observers referred to above.
United Nations Board of Auditors The President of the General Assembly of the United Nations
34. During the period since the General Assembly adopted its resolution 51/68, the Division for the Advancement of Women has significantly developed the space on its homepage on the World Wide Web devoted to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Recalling its resolutions 47/33 of 25 November 1992, 48/31 of 9 December 1993, 49/53 of 9 December 1994, 50/46 of 11 December 1995 and 51/207 of 17 December 1996,
(b) Given the similar nature of the election of judges of the International Court of Justice and the election of judges of the International Tribunal for Rwanda, it was decided at the time of the previous elections of judges in 1995 to follow similar election procedures in the General Assembly.
There are no firm responses, for example, to cases of double occupancy by refugees, or illegal occupancy by members of the military or police of homes belonging to minorities.
The study of the system needed to transmit each morning the stellar data obtained during the previous night by each robotic telescope to all the astrophysical laboratories of the network has begun. REPUBLIC OF KOREA
∙ An Israeli-Palestinian Dialogue A continuing series of booklets based on the pro-ceedings of the Department's “International Encounters” for European journalists on the question of Palestine.
265. Concern was expressed with respect to article 5 (b) of the Convention about allegations of infringements of the right to security of person.
Some other delegations queried the urgency to establish the headquarters, in view of the delay in providing the necessary resources, and enquired whether the headquarters’ tasks could be discharged by the planning division of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
- Conducting desk research, audits and analysis of available and appropriate information that would provide information on the performance of the sectors.
1. The concept of having recourse to force must be abandoned and efforts must be made to achieve the settlement of international disputes through negotiations.
(a) identify, at its first ordinary session an organization to house the Global Mechanism established under article 21, paragraph 4, of the Convention;
Similarly, the reported effort to draft a National Plan on the basis of the Beijing Platform for Action by a commission on the status of women is especially welcomed by the Committee.
In explanation of vote after the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United States, Algeria, Finland, Turkey, Azerbaijan, Egypt, Myanmar, Lebanon, India, Cuba, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Bulgaria and Israel.
(b) That each expert team should produce a report on each [assessment] [review], written in [an objective] [non-confrontational] manner, and submitted to the SBI;]
They also found the application of the agreements to be unsatisfactory: protectionist measures were maintained in the developed countries, and assistance to the developing countries was inadequate.
The mission also outlined a number of measures for immediate action within the frame of a technical assistance project, including a seminar on commodity trading and commodity supply management.
15. Calls upon the Secretary-General to ensure that a comprehensive programme for Integrated Management Information System training is included as part of the ongoing training programme offered to staff at all duty stations concerned;
(a) All decisions adopted in application of provisions that appear in the Charter under the heading “procedure”;
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the recosting of outstanding statements of programme budget implications and revised estimates A/C.5/53/49. and decides that the recosting and the related adjustments should be reflected in the revised appropriation for the biennium 1998–1999.
19. Emphasizes that the procurement of goods and services in the field missions could be sourced competitively at the local or regional levels;
The total additional cost of 13 such trips was $34,347.
Table 2 depicts the gender distribution of Professional and higher-level staff on appointments subject to geographical distribution only.
♦ Bilateral investment treaties now enjoy widespread acceptance by countries from all regions.
The need to rationalize the various instruments being used in the field, namely, the United Nations Development Assistance Framework, the country strategy notes and other sectoral programmes, was emphasized.
Reduction of military budgets: objective information on military
The question of press run figures will be kept under constant review by the Board.
Firstly, the number of retirees in the plan, on the average, results in the incurrence of higher medical costs than other participants.
The secretariat would pursue its efforts to mobilize extrabudgetary resources from UNDP, while the support of bilateral donors, including members of UNCTAD, would also be sought.
The filling density is given in portable tank instruction T50 in 4.2.4.2.6.
73. While the Board recognizes the benefits of maintaining a common basic methodology, it is concerned that the significant number of recurring exceptions that the ICSC secretariat caters for on an ad hoc basis leads to an inconsistent application of the agreed, basic methodology.
Human rights are at the centre of this perspective which we call "bottom up globalization".
That situation serves to underscore the critical importance of the role of official agencies (multilateral and bilateral development finance institutions and aid agencies) in helping to promote private flows to LDCs.
They charged that the day after the incident, the prison authority had announced a series of administrative punishments, including shortening the daily walk to two hours, banning exercise, closing the library, the hairdresser and the laundry and cancelling family visits until 21 October.
The unbudgeted requirements of $13,100 relate to travel and related costs for the deployment of six demining experts.
The financial situation and its savings measures, including the recruitment freeze, reduced the capacity for analytical studies and required redeployment to activities of highest priority, leading to the consolidation, postponement and termination of low priority outputs.
(b) International and local staff 26 782 000
The second objective and possible end—result of this cooperation is that firms producing the same goods and clustered together may compete with larger enterprises, for example, in a consortium.
4. New projects and seminars on democratization and governance
91. The spread of the Internet in nations with poorer land line infrastructure will rely on decreasing costs and greater capacity of satellite-based communication.
Item 144: Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services;
The Board also took note of the report of Sessional Committee I in documents TD/B/44/SC.1/L.1 and Add.1 and decided that it should form an integral part of the report of the Board on its forty-fourth session.
148. At the field level, more than half the responses from the resident coordinator system provide detailed information on evaluation activities. Several general conclusions emerge.
Statements were made by representatives of eight Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China and one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
(a) Recognizing the importance of the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons, both globally and regionally, in enhancing international peace and security,
Provisions of the Charter of the United Nations
Letter dated 18 August 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ethiopia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly
323. On 28 October, the Peace Now movement published figures from the 1998 budget proposal, which it claimed pointed to an expected increase in government funding of settlements over 1997.
Recalling its previous decisions regarding the fact that, in order to meet the expenditures caused by the Operation, a different procedure is required from that applied to meet expenditures of the regular budget of the United Nations,
DESA Department of Economic and Social Affairs
Unutilized resources under miscellaneous supplies were primarily due to the availability of supplies from United Nations surplus stock.
389. The Committee recommends wide public distribution and dissemination of the State party report, the summary records of the discussion in the Committee and the present concluding observations.
On the contrary, Ethiopia has frozen on its ultimatum that either Eritrea unilaterally and unconditionally withdraws from all its territories which Ethiopia claims or Ethiopia will make it do so by force.
Government officials conduct hearings with interested parties, undertake research and prepare reports for the appropriate deliberation councils, where policy negotiations may take place.
If the shell and service equipment are so constructed as to withstand impact or overturning it need not be protected in this way.
7. The Special Rapporteur has already reported upon the so-called “prison cleansing campaign” in his last reports to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
333. The Committee requested that a new progress report on the implementation of the Special Initiative be submitted for consideration at its thirty-ninth session, including measures taken in response to the foregoing recommendations.
10. Divergent views were expressed regarding the reference to “terrorism” in the definition of crimes.
On this basis, provision in the amount of $9,629,900 is, therefore, made for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment.
235. Greenpeace’s calculations had shown that, while the world’s fishing fleet had increased by 3 per cent in terms of tonnage between 1992 and 1997, it had actually increased by 22 per cent in terms of potential fishing capacity through new additions to the fleet and refits.
* Following the adjournment of the 11th meeting of the Second Committee.
The number of programmes currently being implemented was quite large, but decisions would need to be made regarding which activities could be continued.
(e) Liaise with local authorities whenever outside emergency assistance (e.g. ambulance, medical, police) is required;
The Statistical Commission has recently proposed a minimum data set on social indicators, and work is progressing on assessing the availability and quality of data.
The persons detained in the cachots are still believed to number several thousands.
In addition, the Board concluded that there were a number of weaknesses in the procedures applied by headquarters purchasing unit, and that the Office could take steps to adopt a more commercial approach to purchasing.
About 60 per cent of those non-core resources have been mobilized from 15 countries in Latin America.
These trends calls for measures that will restore easy interaction and collaboration between the generations.
– Arab history is distorted and all its golden ages are disregarded.
C. Rationalization of the calendar of meetings
The resolution called on the international community to take effective measures immediately so as to remove unilateral coercive economic measures against developing countries as these measures are in violation of the Charter.
12. The situation in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.
(a) To promote regional and subregional high-impact programmes and projects to meet the industrial development needs of the countries in the region;
70. In some situations of conflict or post-conflict peace-building, a “strategic framework” approach may also be appropriate, providing the basis for a coherent effort by the entire United Nations system in countries in crisis.
A number of speakers expressed their support for training programmes for information professionals from the developing countries and appreciated the progress made by the Department of Public Information in training broadcasters and journalists from these countries.
13. No internal control structure, however detailed and comprehensive, can by itself guarantee efficient administration and complete and accurate records or be foolproof against fraud, especially when those involved hold positions of authority or trust.
10. During the current period, the Unit is undertaking a study on the cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations on arrangements in peacekeeping operations and lessons learned studies in Angola, Haiti and the former Yugoslavia.
The Committee also recognizes the significant potential, both in the immediate and longer term, that the system offers in enhancing matériel management, reducing costs and improving logistical support for peacekeeping operations.
The Board noted that while this amount included cases of losses due to accidental damage and wear and tear, it also included $11.6 million of stolen items, $5 million of items reported as lost and a further $10.2 million of items that could not be located by the account holders.6
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 142.
Actuarial position of the Fund as at 31 December 1997
“Contributions and advances shall be considered as due and payable in full within thirty days of the receipt of the communication of the Secretary-General referred to in regulation 5.3 above, or as of the first day of the calendar year to which they relate, whichever is the later.
227. The Committee further suggests that the State party consider adopting measures to ensure that ethnic and national minorities have access to education in their own language whenever possible.
42. To that end, the senior staff of the secretariat should be able to use any of the working languages of the organizations, namely, English and French or Spanish, depending on the organization. The knowledge of other official languages in the secretariat was certainly an asset but could not take precedence over the technical and management qualifications required for such positions.
In particular UNIDIR is developing a project on the proposed nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia.
Incendiary shells and various types of explosives, as well as tank movements, have caused extensive damage to the stone reliefs and other archaeological relics that have survived in the territory for thousands of years.
In this report, Mr. Ziaifar gave important information.
Equally, there are lessons to be learned in our approach to determining the results of other global conferences.
If the perception gained ground that the principle of equity was being eroded, their commitment to the Agreements would risk coming under pressure.
ABUSE OF AND ILLICIT TRAFFICKING IN STIMULANTS
52. UNDAF is a dynamic and operational planning tool which enables the United Nations system to better serve the Government of Mozambique by enhancing inter-agency coordination thereby facilitating collaborative efforts with government, donor and non-governmental organization partners.
244. The Commission took note with appreciation of the contributions made by Greece and Switzerland towards the seminar programme.
The representative of the United States made a statement.
In conducting in-depth reviews, the secretariat shall enlist the assistance of individuals who are qualified to make the assessments referred to above concerning the information that is the subject of such review.
5. Implementation of article 21 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
An additional contribution in the amount of £C 1,500 (approximately $2,900) was provided by the Government of Switzerland in September 1997 towards future bi-communal activities organized by UNFICYP.
At 1240 hours Israeli forces and the militia of the minion Lahad fired artillery shells at outlying areas of Mazra`at al-Hamra and Yatar from their positions in Zafatah and Tall Ya`qub.
In other areas, notably the legal system, there is a promising commitment by the executive.
C. Income distribution, minorities and indigenous peoples 71 - 73 35
Thus, despite the signs of a certain evolution and broadening of interest, as mentioned above, it is quite clear that Member States are still far from a consensus view — or even unified thinking — on some of the core issues involved in the intrinsic relationship between terrorism and human rights.
Believing that militarily significant States and States with larger military capabilities have a special responsibility in promoting such agreements for regional security,
76. The Special Committee notes the recommendations of the Phase IV Working Group on Reimbursement of Contingent-owned Equipment (A/C.5/52/39) and underlines the importance of their timely implementation.
Among other things, the event will include comments on a summary of the panel on the theme “Electronic Commerce”, as well as a segment on “Partners for Development”, to be in-troduced by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, Mr. Rubens Ricupero.
6. Questions relating to information (item 86).
9. Reaffirms the need for human rights treaty bodies to better complement each other in their work, and emphasizes that the universal ratification of international human rights treaties containing reporting obligations adopted within the framework of the United Nations system is important for the realization of that complementarity;
The Committee further recommends that the juvenile justice system be revised to ensure that it is compatible with the principles and provisions of the Convention, including its articles 37, 39 and 40, as well as other relevant international instruments in the field.
12. Before addressing these major topics, an effort must be made to define a democratic society and to determine its characteristic features.
The Fund secretariat prepared, for discussion purposes, a working paper that provided detailed statistical analysis of the operational activities of the Fund on behalf of participants and beneficiaries.
Many other administrative staff had little or no peacekeeping experience, which caused the mission some delay in establishing operational effectiveness.
(b) Ensure global benefits at the lowest possible cost through cost-effective measures that take into account different socio-economic contexts, are comprehensive, cover all relevant sources, sinks and reservoirs of greenhouse gases, comprise all economic sectors, and may be carried out cooperatively by interested Parties;
They shall refrain from making recommendations on priority among major programmes.
Report of the Committee on the Rights of the Child (even)
10. The meeting took stock of the achievements of the Centre in the past 10 years and, in particular, those of the “Kathmandu process” it had initiated.
25. Documentation could not be found for the Government’s decision banning the importation and distribution of Lysol effective in early December 1993.
(b) The Universal Declaration of Human Rights of 10 December 1948;
In many cases the figures for the classes of substances were not further disaggregated into gas species, which is important because of the significant differences in their GWPs.
15. In the course of the Commission’s work, the documents listed below, dealing with substantive questions, were submitted.
54. Education and public awareness-raising campaigns have been effective tools in the elimination of harmful traditional or customary practices.
(viii) Item 158 (World Solar Programme 1996–2005)
The Chairman made a statement informing the Committee that this agenda item would remain open.
3. The following bodies were represented at the session:
Senior Economist with the Monopolies and Prices Commission at the Ministry of Finance, Kenya
Article 94 of UNCLOS requires every State to effectively exercise its jurisdiction and control in administrative, technical and social matters over ships flying its flag.
After the death of the Mufti of Banja Luka on 23 July 1998, Banja Luka authorities turned down a request from the Bosniak community to bury him at the site of the destroyed mosque.
(f) Demonstration of the applicability of the concepts of results-based budgeting, including “expected results” and “performance indicators”, for all sections of the programme budget of the United Nations;
7. UNITAR should reconcile its computer inventory with that maintained by the Purchase and Transportation Section and compile a comprehensive inventory of non-computer equipment at the earliest possible opportunity.
(a) Guaranteed independence and impartiality
350. The Committee encourages the Government to give full attention to the needs of rural women and to ensure an active and participatory role for rural women in the design, implementation and monitoring of all policies and programmes that are intended to benefit them, including in areas such as access to health and social services, income-generation projects and housing.
34. The large number of both seizures (456) and amounts seized reported for 1994 indicate increased law enforcement results during that year.
The travel grants for the beneficiaries were paid on time, to assure the participation of the beneficiaries at the sessions of the two Working Groups.
207. On 6 February, it was reported that since the division of Hebron, Palestinian residents of the Old City had been feeling that their fate had been sealed, expressing their conviction that Israel would never leave the town and that the Oslo Accords were dead. The restored Shuhada Street, now known as King David Street, had not been opened to Palestinians as agreed in the Hebron Agreements owing to “an increase of violence and threats, mainly against Jewish lives”, as claimed by IDF.
The remaining 2.1 per cent of total income was from miscellaneous sources.
126. UNCTAD – Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Competition Law and Policy [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
Judicial authorities are engaged in conducting an investigation of the matter, and those found responsible will be charged under the law.
The work plan of such a survey and evaluation activity for the CST will need to be broken down into three phases, namely: (1) identification of the principal potential units, particularly networks; (2) a pilot, in-depth survey and evaluation of potential units in a particular region and subregion; and (3) replication of the pilot survey and evaluation of units in other regions and subregions.
4. Report of Ms. Silvia Cartwright, resource person appointed by the Committee to attend the open-ended working group on the elaboration of a draft optional protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women held in parallel with the forty-second session of the Commission on the Status of Women
7. Further welcomes the role of national non-governmental organizations in educating voters and providing observers at polling stations, and of international observers during the recent elections, and takes note of the statements of the joint international observer group regarding the polling and counting processes of the elections;
The sectoral structure of the economy has remained essentially the same since 1992, with transport, trade and private services accounting for the largest share of GDP.
They are left stranded in a foreign port by the shipowner, without having been paid the wages they were owed and without having been provided with food or other essential provisions for their survival, or the means to return to their homes.
To that end, they called upon States to take urgent action to train their armed forces and security forces in human and peoples' rights, to abolish paramilitary groups, to promote closer cooperation among the armies of the subregion in order to build mutual confidence, and to establish a better relationship between civil society and the armed forces.
900. The Committee recommends that all necessary measures be adopted to ensure the immediate registration of the birth of nomadic children.
(a) Each State in the region should undertake a national survey on its legitimate annual requirements for substances listed in Tables I and II of the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 19881 and report on the survey to UNDCP;
The programme will focus more attention on intersectoral activities, which increase from $5.1 million to $7.48 million, while activities specific to suppression of drug trafficking or demand reduction will decrease, from $4.9 million to $3.63 million and from $4.1 million to $3.95 million, respectively.
The report deals with the sources of conflict in Africa, ways to prevent those conflicts, and how to lay the foundation for durable peace and economic growth following their resolution.
Climate changes may lead to alteration in precipitation patterns, which could modify the distribution of water in time and space.
The Committee notes, however, that the report was not prepared in accordance with the Committee's guidelines for the preparation of initial reports and that it mainly reflects the existing legal framework and does not contain sufficient information on other measures taken to implement effectively the rights set forth in the Convention.
58. Supervisors are to review and approve, as appropriate, the assigned work of their employees.
11. The meeting had before it working papers prepared by the participating organizations, agencies and institutions of the two organizations.
Recalling the relevant provisions of the programme for the further implementation of Agenda 21 on the transfer of environmentally sound technologies adopted by the United Nations General Assembly at its nineteenth special session,
The Protocol also removed direct quotas and most non-tariff barriers to the Israeli market, with the exception of certain important agricultural exports until 1998.
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS OF THE UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF
In April 1994, a Plan of Action was prepared by the joint UNESCO/Palestinian Coordination Committee which was translated into a Programme of Assistance to the Palestinian People, containing 27 projects.
Solving the problems of the Korean peninsula is of great importance to ensuring stability in the Asia and Pacific region.
Since the setting of the November 1998 United Nations operational rates of exchange, the dollar has continued to fluctuate.
82. It was observed that the emphasis of paragraph 50 was on accounting practices and that, in line with the purpose of the guide, the discussion should be recast so as to focus on legislation.
2. It would not set a precedent regarding the financing from UNCTAD’s regular budget of the expenses of experts attending, in their personal capacity, expert meetings convened by the Commissions in accordance with paragraph 114 of “A Partnership for Growth and Development”;
takes note of the fact that, as part of this process, the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Spain and of the United Kingdom hold annual meetings alternately in each capital, the most recent of which was held in London on 10 December 1997, and urges both Governments to continue their negotiations with the object of reaching a definitive solution to the problem of Gibraltar in the light of relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and in the spirit of the Charter of the United Nations.
30. Deeply regrets that the reports requested in paragraphs 9 and 15 of its resolution 52/214 A were not submitted to the General Assembly and notes, in this context, that those reports were presented only in an oral form to the Committee on Conferences;
AMENDMENTS TO THE NINTH REVISED EDITION OF THE UNITED NATIONS RECOMMENDATIONS ON THE TRANSPORT OF DANGEROUS GOODS
The policies should normally be disclosed in one place;
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the repre-sentatives of the Russian Federation, Turkey, Lebanon, Liech-tenstein, New Zealand, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya and the United States.
Lists of States parties to the Convention and of those that have made the declaration under article 14 are contained in annex I to the present report, as is a list of the 24 States parties that have accepted the amendments to the Convention adopted at the Fourteenth Meeting of States Parties, as at 21 August 1998.
Chapter VI Implementation of article 21 of the Convention
* Following the adjournment of the 17th meeting of the Sixth Committee.
INCLUDING POLICIES OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION AND SEGREGATION AND OF
The current United States market for CMCs is estimated to be more than $200 million, with most of the market falling in the discontinuous category.
- Organization of real and virtual workshops and meetings between interested international investors, asset managers and MFIs on a national, regional or international basis;
The health services market in OECD countries alone was estimated at $2 trillion.
The proposal of President Clerides aims at a comprehensive discussion for a package agreement on all fundamental aspects of the security situation in Cyprus, of both a short-term and a long-term nature.
The General Assembly decides to increase the membership of the Committee on Information from 90 to 93 members and to appoint Angola, the Republic of Moldova and Solomon Islands as members of the Committee on Information.
24. Provision of $597,200 is made for the hire cost of one B-200 fixed-wing aircraft for 11.4 months at a monthly cost of $33,000 for 30 minimum monthly flight hours ($376,200) and 20 extra flight hours per month at a cost of $600 per hour ($136,800).
The implementation of more efficient systems (i.e., the Programme Manager System and the Financial/Logistics System) in 1999 is expected to strengthen the monitoring and control of expenditures.
38. It should also be noted that, over the past few years, there has been a determined effort on the parts of both the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions to intensify cooperation on post-conflict cases at an early stage.
The Act provides that the President shall impose two or more of the sanctions described in section 6 of the Act if the President determines that a person has made an investment of at least US $40 million (or any combination of investments of at least $10 million each, which in the aggregate equals or exceeds $40 million in any 12-month period) which directly and significantly contributed to the enhancement of the Islamic Republic’s ability to develop its petroleum resources.
2 A/AC.237/18 (Part II)/Add.1 and Corr.1, annex I.
The Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women reaffirmed its past practice that members of the Committee should refrain from participating in any aspect of the consideration of the reports of the States of which they were nationals in order to maintain the highest standards of impartiality, both in substance and appearance.
Youth organizations and the United Nations system
According to Iraq, the Iraqi banks were instructed by a Government directive to suspend all foreign exchange transactions and not to issue payment orders after 5 April 1991. However, due to a breakdown in communications as a result of the Gulf War, some of the bank branches received the instructions late.
34. For an asset with limited life, salvage and residual values are normally taken into consideration in arriving at the amount to be amortized.
Nonetheless, it recognized the importance of the shark fishery for artisanal fisherfolk.
(iv) Establishment of environmental certification, including energy, of new residential and commercial buildings; and
The General Conference shall guide the activity of the Agency and shall approve its work and organization programme as submitted by the Administrator-General.
(c) Limit the level of advances to no more than the equivalent of one quarter’s estimated expenditure.
Some delegations considered that by starting the meetings punctually and focusing the debate it would be feasible to deal with the agenda items in one week, perhaps reserving an additional two days for the preparation and adoption of the report.
At its 4th meeting, on 27 October, the SBI, having considered a proposal by the Chairman ( FCCC/SBI/1997/L.10), decided to recommend, for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its third session, a draft decision on the fourth session of the Conference of the Parties (for the text of the draft decision, see annex I below).
The programme focused on SHCs with a view to enabling them to achieve a level of income sufficient to be removed from the hardship rolls.
The view was expressed that the involvement of the Bretton Woods institutions was an important aspect of the overall coordination of development aid in Africa.
In large part, the small increase in the proportion of women to men in the Professional and higher categories is due to low staff turnover: the relatively small number of appointments each year, compared to the size of the population, limits opportunities for realizing significant increases in the representation of women.
(ii) In-depth reviews of non-Annex I Parties' communications should be introduced along the lines of existing arrangements for Annex I Parties.
An unprecedented road-building process has been under way for the last 10 years.
Abuse often results in serious physical injuries or even death.
This indicated that transport documents were received and some inspections were actually performed.
In fact, new low-cost entrants may reap higher profits if they enter into cooperation agreements with higher-cost producers who would like to diversify out of the particular product and assist them financially and technically in this respect.
71. The Fund has continued to provide financial support for economic stabilization and reform programmes in most of the transition economies over the past few years.
Consequently, the Insurance Section would be able to determine industry benchmarks and monitor the broker’s performance against these benchmarks.
In addition, in a number of cases, the enabling legislation contained provisions that were designed to ensure a more balanced geographical distribution of members.
Statements were also made by representatives of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) Technology and Economic Assessment Panel under the Montreal Protocol.
GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL Fifty-third session Fifty-third year
136. On 20 December, four Israelis were injured, one seriously and three slightly, when their car overturned after being stoned at the Tzurif-Jaba junction in the Bethlehem area.
Household Lifestyles: The Social Dimension of Structural Economics, by Faye Duchin, Island Press
It would therefore be better for the Committee to have more experience with the procedures in question and to amend its rules at a later point on the basis of that experience.
The Committee noted that, in general, there was little indication of the level and quality of outputs expected to be achieved nor how progress towards the achievement of objectives should be measured.
97. The Board reiterates its recommendation that the Administration monitor the activities of the sales partners to ensure strict compliance with established sales promotion procedures.
As indicated in paragraph 11 of the Secretary-General’s report (A/52/1009), for the biennium 2000–2001, approximately $40 million in productivity improvements could be targeted for redeployment.
I also noted the unacceptable difficulties which the Secretariat support services responsible for this item encountered during that period.
As their descendants, the Japanese militarists began overseas aggression upon the seizing of power by the Meiji Imperial restoration in 1868, following which the Japanese modern history for the next 100 years was, indeed, recorded as the history of wars of aggression stained with blood.
* Following the adjournment of the 37th meeting of the Fifth Committee.
50/107 Observance of the International Year of the Eradication of Poverty and proclamation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty
In the Asia and Pacific region collaboration with non-governmental organizations in project implementation is in progress in Afghanistan with Oxfam, CARE and national non-governmental organizations; in Myanmar with various community-based organizations, women's groups and religious organizations; and in Indonesia with the National Cooperative of Development Consultants (ASPEK).
LSD is not only particularly easy to disguise, owing to its extremely small volume and low weight, but international trafficking is also less prevalent for it than for other illicit drugs since it is trafficked domestically or within regions.
8. At the forty-eighth session, in its resolution 48/87 of 16 December 1993, the General Assembly adopted a thematic approach, whereby items allocated to the First Committee would be clustered into 10 broad topic areas, including nuclear weapons; other weapons of mass destruction; conventional weapons; regional disarmament and security; outer space; and international security.
By resolution 1998/14, the Council recommended to the General Assembly the adoption of the draft resolution contained therein.
The new edition of the publication Basic Facts About the United Nations, published in English in early September, contains a completely revised chapter on the United Nations and human rights, reflecting the centrality of the issue to the work of the Organization.
11. The third facet, multigenerational relationships, has several components.
9. Against a backdrop of increasingly accessible and destructive conventional weapons, many of these conflicts pit compatriot against compatriot, neighbour against neighbour. They are often characterized by the demonization of the “enemy community” and the orchestration of vicious hate campaigns.
Secretary of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee
According to the Group of Experts, the role of the ombudsman is to hear complaints of disappointed bidders and others who feel they have been unfairly treated by the procurement system, which would provide a systematic means for dealing with the meritorious grievances of suppliers.
222. The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the Government to review and revise existing national laws in accordance with the Convention.
13. As part of the process in putting in place appropriate development policies, it is necessary to establish effective response in the social and humanitarian sectors.
277. With respect to the programme of work of ACC, the view was expressed that attention should continue to be given to the full implementation of United Nations global conferences and summits as a framework for addressing developmental issues, including poverty eradication.
1419. We must take a holistic approach to disability.
110. Developments in information technology have changed the nature of financial services and stock markets, providing the means to electronically amass global information, monitor prices and execute in many financial instruments.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space [85]
8. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted revised draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.21/Rev.2, as a whole, by a recorded vote of 134 to 2, with 10 abstentions (see para. 9).
II. OPERATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS (EMS) 15-24
Option 1, taking over the existing contract from the Civilian Establishment and Pay Office by introducing new contractual agency arrangements for provision of local staff, was not recommended, given the uncertainties surrounding contractual personnel as a result of concerns expressed by the General Assembly during its forty-ninth session, which reflected the position taken by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in its report (A/49/664, para. 72).
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (c) of agenda item 98.
84. The Supreme Audit Institution also has a vested interest in ensuring that strong internal audit units exist where needed.
20. According to the information received by the Secretary-General on legislative and administrative initiatives taken within the last decade, it is possible to define three groups of countries.
Each field office prepares an integrated monitoring and evaluation plan, which summarizes the main activities to be undertaken during the country programme implementation phase.
The UNEP Manual on Design, Approval and Evaluation of Projects already provides tools (project progress report, terminal report and self-evaluation fact sheet) for collecting comprehensive information on the life of a project to meet evaluation and reporting requirements including specific outputs. Fund management officers are following up the project development through the project management report sheet, where all the expected and received reports are listed.
Côte d'Ivoire Eleventh report 3 February 1994 3
Increased resources need to be made available to humanitarian agencies and non-governmental organizations for the provision of relief supplies to displaced populations, especially the 50,000 children, women and elderly who are now stranded in the open in the mountains and the woods.
202. On 17 May, up to nine Palestinians were injured by rubber bullets fired by IDF during clashes in Hebron. The clashes, between soldiers and Palestinian youths, began after soldiers had forced merchants to close down dozens of shops in the city centre as punishment for riots which had erupted there the previous day.
(j) Make recommendations on any matters necessary for the implementation of this Protocol;
In addition to the Trust Fund established exclusively for them and to projects undertaken in individual LDCs, LDCs will also benefit from relevant regional and interregional projects.
1. The situation in the occupied territories of Croatia [94]
Some of these claims had been pending in the Claims Administration Unit for more than four years due to a lack of supporting documentation such as letters of assist and receiving and inspection reports.
The communication specialists of the country support teams constitute the regional level of technical assistance for communication at the request of individual country programmes.
It notes that insufficient data disaggregated by sex are being kept on birth rates and in disease registers.
It further recognized that, whenever measures were adopted under Article 41 of the Charter of the United Nations, consideration should be given to their impact on the civilian population, bearing in mind the needs of children, in order to consider appropriate humanitarian exemptions.
It is urgent for political figures to abandon their delaying tactics and to be willing to agree on their common goal of restoring the full dignity of the Haitian people.
While firmly supporting any effort to achieve more rational and more transparent management of the State, for instance, through the increased participation of civil society, participants questioned the need for total disengagement of the State, particularly from social sectors such as education and health.
Bulgaria has aligned itself to the criteria and principles contained in the European Union code of conduct on arms exports, as well as to the European Union programme for preventing and combating the illicit trafficking in conventional arms;
The Parliament recently passed comprehensive anti-corruption legislation, for which I am deeply grateful to the members of both houses.
The Committee also noted that the need for holding in 1999 the twentieth Inter-Agency Meeting on Outer Space Activities prior to UNISPACE III to consider additional contributions of the United Nations system of organizations to the Conference would be determined at a later date and that the exact date of the session to be held in 2000 would be determined after UNISPACE III.
Rapporteur: Mr. Fayssal Mekdad (Syrian Arab Republic)
The Office is not convinced that the Organization’s package of risks is always accurately and competitively presented to underwriters.
a Reflects activities for a six-month period.
Expenditures amounted to $3,400 as a result of the lower deployment of contingent personnel and the purchase of minimal recreational items.
6. Development and transfer of technologies.
The meeting produced an inter-agency action plan addressing the prevention of separation, inter-agency collaboration, fostering, reunification and reintegration.
They recommended that the developed countries, more advanced developing countries and international organizations concerned should work together to encourage foreign direct investment in least developed countries.
22. In paragraph 10 (i), the Board recommends that:
Energy efficiency improvements at coal and diesel powered generating stations, hydroelectric facilities, nuclear power plants, and combined heat and power plants were specifically mentioned as were efforts to diminish losses from the transportation and distribution of electricity and natural gas.
She was in fact taken to a police station in Comoro and interrogated.
14. In his report dated 21 May 1997 (A/51/905), the Secretary-General submitted cost estimates for the Base for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 totalling $14,503,900 gross ($13,952,000 net), to be prorated among the individual peacekeeping operation budgets.
26. It must be borne in mind that the expressions “crimes under international law” (see the English text of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide) and “crimes against humanity” (International Convention on Suppression and Punishment of the Crime of Apartheid), as well as the term “international crime”, are sometimes used to designate not only the acts of States but also those of individuals.
It was understandable that the Commission would have preferred to have had more notice of the Assembly's request, as well as more time in which to respond.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/226 of 27 April 1998, endorsed the recommendations made by OIOS and requested the Secretary-General to report on their implementation during its fifty-third session.
Regarding three activities, only the approval, acceptance or endorsement by all the designated national authorities involved has been reported.
Recommendations contained in the report of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice on its seventh session (E/1998/30 and Corr.1)
International Association of Seed Crushers
To alleviate the situation, and given the requirements of all the missions, the most cost-effective option was to grant overtime and to compensate international contractual personnel for annual leave not taken.
Report of the Secretary-General on the state of South-South cooperation (General Assembly resolution 50/119)
It was finally agreed that the text would read as follows:
Mr. FRANCK (Luxembourg) agreed, saying that in a number of places the conclusions and recommendations of the Fourth LDC Ministerial Symposium were in contradiction with the Business Plan.
49. Innovative operational strategies are being pursued by United Nations agencies and organizations in order to maximize the cost-effectiveness and efficiency of United Nations activities in the country.
The Commission ensured that confirmed duplicates were removed from the database and were not subject to further processing.
10. The list of candidates for judges and the procedure of the election of the judges of the Trial Chambers of the International Tribunal for Rwanda are set out below.
The Director of the General Legal Division read out a response of the Legal Counsel to questions raised at the 6th meeting.
Experts stressed the need to provide incentive measures at national, regional and international levels to promote the conservation and sustainable use of biological diversity.
Recognizing the right and the responsibility of individuals, groups and associations to promote respect for, and foster knowledge of, human rights and fundamental freedoms at the national and international levels,
Welcoming the progress made in improving the representation of women at the D-1 level and above, in particular the achievement of the interim goal set in its resolution 45/239 C of 21 December 1990 of a 25 per cent participation rate of women in posts at the D-1 level and above, but concerned that the representation of women at those levels remains significantly low,
Such a split session would affect the cost only marginally.
The planned and actual deployment of international civilian staff is shown in annex III to the present report, and the authorized staffing, incumbency and vacancy rates are provided in annex IV.
Most GATS commitments on temporary entry and stay of natural persons are not sector-specific and therefore it is hard to evaluate how they will affect health care personnel.
(b) The agenda of the fourth special session should include, inter alia:
Although the share of these emissions in total N2O emissions is only 15 per cent, and less than 1 per cent of total GHG emissions, these emissions have grown substantially, more than 35 per cent, since 1990.
The Special Initiative, designed as a system-wide partnership framework for the mobilization of support for the region, will further incorporate the development priorities as defined by African countries themselves.
During the open-door hearing, which was attended by two Swedish observers from the International Lawyers’ Association, Attorney Leah Tsemel tried to question the GSS representative about the alleged evidence on the basis of which the detention had been extended, but was told that it was classified.
2. Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia [133]
The living environment needs modification.
This operation is referred to as the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (UNMIBH).
10. At the 42nd meeting, on 1 December, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, David Prendergast (Jamaica), introduced a draft resolution entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty” (A/C.2/53/L.48), which he submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.27.
8. Decides to examine this question on a priority basis at its fifty-fourth session under the sub-item entitled “Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms”.
Globus, for example, has about 100 civil cases and between 15 to 20 criminal cases pending against it; Nacional has about 50 civil and 10 to 15 criminal suits; Feral Tribune has about 60 libel cases, amounting to nearly $3 million.
Annexes I. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
Many of the posts paid out of programme support funds were created to provide services on a continuous basis.
The Committee therefore decided that, in order for the transition to this new pattern of work to be effected smoothly, the pre-session working group for the twenty-first session would meet as a third working group during the twentieth session and would remain, if necessary, for up to three days after the twentieth session to consolidate the lists of issues and questions with respect to the reports to be considered at the twenty-first session.
It was agreed that the next round of talks would take place on 12 October 1998 when commissions would be set up to discuss specific issues such as democracy, good governance and security in greater depth.
16. During the period August 1997 to July 1998, voluntary contributions in the amount of $202,500 were received.
UNCTAD's work in the field of accounting must also be commended and encouraged.
It was noted that recommendations 1, 2, 5 and 9 had been considered by the Committee on Conferences at its substantive session of 1997 (A/52/32).
(a) The existence, use and value of bilateral treaties and similar agreements on good neighbourly relations and on the treatment of persons belonging to minorities; inclusion in such treaties of the rights of persons belonging to minorities as contained in the Declaration;
Letter dated 3 August 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The Committee recommends that these and other practices which are incompatible with the Covenant (articles 3, 7, 23, 24 and others) be prohibited by legislation.
The importance of telecommunications in the context of trade efficiency is obvious, particularly when electronic commerce is seen as one of the main means of trading in the future.
24. The cost of maintaining UNTAES and the liaison offices at Belgrade and Zagreb for the 12-month period ending 30 June 1998 was estimated at $266,619,500 gross ($257,283,800 net), as shown in the reports of the Secretary-General of 4 December 1996 and 28 February 1997 (A/51/520/Add.1 and Add.3).
In West Africa, a major project aimed at strengthening training institutions, training of trainers and sharing of resources among countries in the implementation of training courses has been launched with the support of the European Commission and involving African institutions.
The concept is mainly concerned with the way in which the United Nations can facilitate and contribute to the participation of developing countries in global and regional information networks.
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 93 (see A/53/608, para. 2).
4. The following non-governmental organization was represented at the meeting:
Mindful of the need to enhance the role of the United Nations and the relevant specialized agencies in combating international terrorism, and of the proposals of the Secretary-General to enhance the role of the Organization in this respect,
24.8 To support these projects and other information requirements, the Department enhanced its information management systems.
The 1998 forum discussed public accountability as an important factor in the long-term sustainability of the emerging African democracies.
An alternative would be the creation of a consultative committee comprising the representatives of Member States, executive heads and staff with the mandate to identify and propose candidates for the Commission.
(a) Establishment of a special account for MINURCA for the purpose of accounting for income received and expenditures made in respect of the Mission;
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 6 (A/47/6/Rev.1).
Agreed conclusions 436 (XLIII): Development in AfricaOriginally circulated in TD/B/43/SC.1/L.4.
IX. Observations and comments on previous recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
A suggested approach to the organization of work is contained in annex II to this document.
25. Financing of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 (item 135).
Letter dated 18 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Egypt to the United Nations addressed to the President of the General Assembly
22. Support account for peacekeeping operations.
Meeting of Experts on Government and Private 23-25 July Sector Roles and Interactions in SME Development
Conscious that limited steps relating to detargeting have been taken by the nuclear-weapon States to address this concern and that further steps are necessary to contribute to the improvement in the international climate for negotiations leading to the elimination of nuclear weapons,
Delegates are invited to present information on deve-lopments at the national level in preparation for the year.
4.2.1.4 The temperature of the outer surface of the shell excluding openings and their closures or of the thermal insulation shall not exceed 70 oC during transport.
In this connection, it notes that consultations took place between the Government and non-governmental organizations in the process of preparing the initial report.
The Regional Conference on the Implementation of the CCD in New Delhi, started to define more precisely the scope and content of a regional action programme (RAP) to combat desertification in Asia and listed cross-cutting issues that would be reviewed under various themes.
The African continent would therefore be marginalized if concrete measures were not adopted by the international community.
UNITAR/Clark Atlanta University, semester at the United Nations programme, 1992
B-2. Expenditures on operational activities of the United Nations system, by recipient country or region, 1997 (Part I: Development grants and loans from IFAD)
A. Participation of children in armed conflict
Noting also that the Board has requested its Chairman and Secretary to intensify their efforts to gain the formal approval by the Government concerned of the proposed agreement and protocol thereto, as set out in paragraph 278 of the Board’s report,6
The Administration maintained that its initiative to transfer management of this procurement to Headquarters had led to savings of some $4 million for the period from April 1997 to March 1998.
26. UNFPA expects its new management arrangements for the technical support services/ country support team system to bring about significant improvements in planning, resource allocation and controlling running costs.
The Committee adopted various decisions relating to this item.
Support too, is ongoing for broad-based consultations and an awareness-building campaign which aims at fostering consensus on the purposes and potential benefits of economic and trade integration.
No signals from these events have been found in the records produced by Australian seismic stations. Appendix II
An engineer from Headquarters surveyed the work completed to date and reviewed the requirements, developing a reduced scope of work for installation, as measured by the number of outlets installed.
10. The Committee recommended that the Commission for Social Development be entrusted with the responsibility of acting as the forum for national reporting and identifying areas where further initiatives are needed for consideration by the Committee; it also requested the Secretary-General to formulate general guidelines and a structure and common framework for national reporting on the progress made and obstacles encountered.
In this regard, the Committee recommends that specific provisions be incorporated, wherever appropriate, in the law to reflect those principles and that the provisions relating to the minimum age of marriage for girls, the age of criminal responsibility, the minimum age of access to employment and work in family enterprises be reviewed and brought into line with the principles of the Convention as a matter of priority.
Allegations of hidden detentions, which have been systematically checked by ICRC and the United Nations International Police Task Force (IPTF), have in nearly all cases proven to be unfounded.
The exercise has drawn on broad-based participation of a wide range of international partners, and has involved, in addition to the concerned United Nations departments, funds and programmes, interested specialized agencies, including the Bretton Woods institutions, Member States, and national and international non-governmental organizations including the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, at both the field and Headquarters levels.
The work of each cluster falls within the supervision of one of two Principal Legal Officers (D-1), with overall direction and supervision coming from the Director of the Division.
4. In connection with paragraph 2 of General Assembly resolution 52/59, the Secretary-General has obtained from the Commissioner-General of UNRWA the information available to him on the return of refugees registered with the Agency.
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/5).
Many other delegations underlined the need to distinguish between peacekeeping operations and humanitarian action.
43. Since 1996, several efforts have been launched to enhance coordination between the PROSERBI programme and health, education, water and sanitation programmes.
The United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission (UNIKOM) was established by the Security Council on 3 April 1991.
As for specific project target districts, there was a drop in opium cultivation in Ghorak district of Qandahar, but an increase in cultivation in the districts of Kakhrez and Majwand.
Broadcasts were also made available on the Internet, courtesy of Media-on-Demand, a New York-based communications company
Item 117 of the preliminary list A/53/50.
Daily press briefings are given at noon in room S-0226 by the Spokesman for the Secretary-General.
Accordingly, the Conference of the Parties will have before it a report from the Council of the GEF contained in document FCCC/CP/1997/3.
However, it was recognized that the particular circumstances of LDCs continue to warrant special and differential treatment under the Uruguay Round agreements.
The Committee suggests that measures to combat these crimes require not only services to victims and sanctions for perpetrators, but the design and implementation of comprehensive national social and economic policies to create new opportunities for women.
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
The actual elimination of nuclear arsenals, and the development of requisite verification regimes, will of necessity require time.
The paper for the next session would focus on three issues: preliminary investigation, trial of juveniles and follow-up of the sentence.
5. Finland indicated in its national communication that all of its GEF contributions represented new and additional resources except for US$218,000 in 1996.
56. Owing to the unique capacity of NGOs to gather public support for and raise general awareness on a number of important subjects, joint advocacy campaigns with NGOs, at the international and national levels, have often met with considerable success.
UNICEF coordinated the work of 19 NGOs in the Operation Lifeline Sudan southern sector water and sanitation team, which played a major role in ensuring adequate supplies of clean water for feeding centres in the critical emergency zones of Bahr Al Ghazal and western Upper Nile.
Such a new mandate, it was said, would require amendments to the Charter.
— In the light of the continuous increase in the number of NGOs participating in the sessions of the Sub—Commission, should the number of NGO representatives be restricted to five, equivalent to the number of government representatives at the General Assembly?
This includes any attempt to extend the application of a country’s laws extraterritorially to other sovereign nations.
However, policy coherence is needed at other levels or stages, including at the federal and local levels and at the national and international level and during policy design and implementation.
7. In line with the goal articulated in the Programme of Action which urges Governments to “seek to make basic health-care services more sustainable financially ... by making appropriate use of community-based services, social marketing and cost-recovery schemes, with a view to increasing the range and quality of services available”, Report of the International Conference on Population and Development ..., annex, chap. VIII, para. 8.8.
15. The ECE Working Party on International Contract Practices in Industry has prepared guides on privatization and foreign investment laws since the beginning of the transition period, and these have assisted Governments in the drafting of new legislation.
This is the most important resource possessed by our country, and the level of scientific development now attained is manifest in the existence of some 60 scientific research centres and an established body of scientists and research-workers that place Cuba on a level comparable with a number of averagely developed industrialized countries.
Between 0245 and 0530 hours Israeli forces and the client militia in positions on Suwayda, Dabshah and Tahrah hills, fired several 81-mm shells and directed bursts of fire at areas around those positions and areas along the Zahrani River.
On this agenda figures, first of all, the firm commitment to continue the reform process in agriculture by the year 2000.
Several activities were planned and approved as integral parts of the “Programme Intérimaire 1995–1996”, but their implementation was delayed until after the fall of the Mobutu regime in May 1997.
IFAD International Fund for Agricultural Development
6.6.4.5.3 Large packagings of plywood shall be at least 3-ply.
The management is in constant touch with donor Governments with a view to increasing the donor confidence.
Trade in frozen fish strongly increased in the 1980s and accounts for 40 per cent of the total fish trade.
3. Basic programme of work of the Council.
(a) Agriculture: production and distribution of seeds; distribution of farming tools;
The revised requirements take into account updated information on the deployment of UNMOT and changes in requirements for the initial six-month period from 16 November 1997 to 15 May 1998 to carry out its expanded mandate since the preparation of the earlier budget, as set out in document A/51/784/Add.2.
TP19 - The calculated wall thickness shall be increased by 3 mm.
UNCTAD United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
The medium-term plan does not include a list of activities.
8. The Prime Minister of Japan and the President of the Russian Federation note that the cultures, traditions and world outlook of their peoples have much in common and note the importance of cooperating for the mutual enrichment of the cultures of the peoples of Japan and the Russian Federation.
In this regard, she noted that the Law of Marriage Act recognized polygamous marriages.
The Committee is also concerned that the Children's Code adopted in 1934, which contains a number of provisions contrary to the Convention, has not yet been revised or amended.
The information on those topics submitted by Member States as at 31 October 1997 is contained in document A/AC.105/679.
In this regard, the Movement calls on all sides to continue efforts aimed at a peaceful settlement under the auspices of the Security Council, including an active role for the Secretary-General.
It seems that the scope of this study should not extend beyond the limits of articles 12 and 13 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
A national information structure is being created in Kyrgyzstan with access to worldwide computer networks.
The representative of the United States made a statement.
Other measures to be pursued more aggressively include gearing railways to commercial operations and having a regular review of operational parameters, organizational structures and the management of finance.
VI. Evaluation of the annual report submitted by the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation to the General Assembly in 1998
Considering that such international cooperation should be based on the principles embodied in international law, especially the Charter of the United Nations, as well as the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Resolution 217 A (III).
World Trade Organization and International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO
Selected output/services provided by the Office of Conference and Support Services during the biennium 1996-1997
Provision is made for supplies to upgrade substandard electrical installations in Sukhumi, Gali and Zugdidi, at the transport workshops and team bases ($46,800) and for supplies such as electrical cables, relays, breakers, fuse panels and stores for routine maintenance of electrical equipment ($30,000).
(vii) The Economic and Social Council may wish to build on the progress made in the implementation of the recommendations in paragraph 39 of annex I to Assembly resolution 50/227 regarding periodic meetings with the bureaux and the secretariats of the functional commissions, other subsidiary and related bodies and the relevant executive boards.
Farming and other economic activities, such as quarries and small industries operating in the buffer zone, are allowed, provided that ownership is proven and that the activities present no security threat.
Provision of $2,308,700 is made for mission subsistence allowance for international staff for a total of 15,945 person days, and provision of $125,200 is made to cover the mission subsistence allowance during the period from 17 April to 12 July 1998, as follows:
Kazakhstan, which is committed to the basic values of democracy and believes that free, open and fair elections are an important component of democracy, is making every effort to conduct the presidential election called for by Parliament on the basis of a wide range of choices, with the participation of international observers.
43. Provision is made for the payment of subsistence allowance to aircrew in connection with official travel outside the mission area at an average rate of $1,000 per month, based on recent actual expenditure.
From the outset, the Government of Italy has been a consistently generous host and provided rent-free premises.
Regulations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund*
The adoption of an adequate legal framework for competition not only helped avoid anti-competitive practices by firms but also created healthy and fair conditions for all of them.
26. In addition, targeted food assistance is provided to those temporarily displaced as a result of the return of refugees to their original homes, as well as to food insecure households and through nutritional support programmes.
Taking into account the fact that the economically more developed countries are in a position to make relatively larger contributions and that the economically less developed countries have a relatively limited capacity to contribute towards such an operation,
2 It may be recalled that the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions, Mr. Bacre Waly N’diaye, and the Special Rapporteur on the independence of judges and lawyers, Mr. Param Cumaraswamy, were unable to visit Nigeria pursuant to resolution 1996/79 of the Commission on Human Rights because the Nigerian Government did not agree to their standard terms of reference.
Common wisdom dictates that frequent changes of brokers can limit prospects of obtaining a thorough understanding of an organization’s specific risk profile and also restrict the possibility of achieving premium savings based on a favourable claims history.
9. As regards the amount of $6.9 million attributable to non-governmental obligations (see para. 6 above), the Advisory Committee was informed that these amounts have actually been retained in order to provide for potential unforeseen additional requirements in connection with the continuing review of the amount owed to the troop-contributing countries.
The definition of requirements that had been completed in 1991 was carefully reviewed with the active participation of users from the Office for Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts, the Office of Human Resources Management and offices away from Headquarters.
35. UNESCO - General Conference, thirtieth session
“Key statistics: illicit drug production, trafficking and consumption”, information note released in English in March
The Committee notes that the part of the report of the Landau Commission that lists and describes authorized methods of applying pressure remains classified.
3. Contributions assessment and processing
(f) Meetings should be announced in the Journal of the United Nations;
VII. Number of communications received by the extra-conventional mechanisms established by the Commission on Human Rights
7. Requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Transitional Administration and the Support Group are administered with a maximum of efficiency and economy;
Participation in seminars and conferences
This has been unable to go even a small way towards snatching the Iraqi people from the claws of the menace that is stalking them as a result of the embargo.
Report of the sessional working group on the methods of work of the Sub—Commission, established pursuant
2. At that time, the Secretary-General informed the Security Council that the estimated cost for the establishment of UNOMSIL for an initial period of six months would be some $18.3 million which would provide for the deployment of up to 85 military observers inclusive of a 15-person medical unit, 5 civilian police advisers, 48 international civilian personnel and 48 locally recruited staff (S/1998/486/Add.1).
22. Emphasizes the need to review earlier cases of integration of United Nations information centres, in accordance with paragraph 87 of General Assembly resolution 52/220 (III) of 22 December 1997, with a view to rectifying the situation if the need arises;
UNDCP nevertheless recognizes the need to retain a capacity to provide small amounts of assistance in specific situations to finance a pilot or experimental activity, to form part of a broader initiative with other funding sources or to serve as a catalyst to involve other institutions as partners.
Reaffirming that sexual violence and trafficking of women and girls for purposes of economic exploitation, sexual exploitation through prostitution, and other forms of sexual exploitation and contemporary forms of slavery are serious violations of human rights,
(a) The Bank through its Drylands Knowledge Node would support the GM by generating and disseminating information and knowledge on technical issues and financial resource information flows;
Twenty-one Eastern and Central European States participated in the conference.
F. Review of information and review of implementation and compliance 207 - 210 81
The South African Government has declared the combating of small arms (firearms) proliferation a South African Police Service priority number one for 1998/99.
GM activities based on COP guidance with UNDP Board kept fully informed per section 3.2
3. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations: outline of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001.
2. In view of the particular importance of the enjoyment of the human rights accorded priority that were included in the Comprehensive Agreement, as one of the main aspects of the frame of reference for evaluating progress made in the overall peace process, the Mission is continuing to issue a specific report on the subject.
- different stabilization pathways in all sectors;
March-May 1998 Identify Phase I networks/units All Consortium using questionnaire members
Such management practices will have to emphasize the rebuilding of fish populations embedded within functional food chains in large marine ecosystems (see also para. 263).
Letter dated 18 June 1998 from the Chairman of the Committee
Of special concern is the fact that humanitarian assistance is sometimes treated as a substitute for political action rather than as a supplement.
The picture presented by the evaluation reports is more complex, and shows a variability not reported separately by resident coordinators, specialized agencies and individual funds and programmes in their responses for the present report.
Recalling section I.B of its resolution 50/208, section I.E of its resolution 51/216 and section I.D of its resolution 52/216 related to the establishment of a single post adjustment index in respect of staff members whose duty station is Geneva,
Three inter-agency pilot initiatives were launched in the African region in order to reach a wider range of groups vulnerable to drug abuse.
46. The Secretariat concurs with the time line recommended for the revision of the contingent-owned equipment manual.
A. Detailed variances in requirements and costs B. Supplementary explanation
(c) Regional organizations within their mandates and competences;
180. Committee against Torture, twenty-third session [General Assembly resolution 39/46 A]
A detailed and updated report on the subject, entitled Amphetamine-type Stimulants: A Global Review, was also published in 1996 in the UNDCP Technical Series.Amphetamine-type Stimulants: A Global Review, UNDCP Technical Series, No. 3, Vienna, 1996.
Similarly, under article 76, paragraph 9, the coastal State is further required to deposit with the Secretary-General charts and relevant information permanently describing the outer limits of its continental shelf extending beyond 200 nautical miles. In this case, due publicity is to be given by the Secretary-General.
6. Calls upon the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme to work closely with the Institute;
The Presidents of the Security Council and the General Assembly should have regular exchanges of views and consultations at least every month and, in the event of international crises or urgent developments, more frequently.
Replace the current paragraph 1 with the following:
The Government should in particular take concrete measures, including awareness campaigns to change negative attitudes, to protect children belonging to the lowest castes from any form of exploitation.
Total recorded 1996-1997 expenditures $ 1,631,700
1. Reiterates that the way to put an end to the special and particular colonial situation in the question of the Falkland Islands (Malvinas) is the peaceful and negotiated settlement of the dispute over sovereignty between the Governments of Argentina and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
In 1996, UNDCP provided legal assistance to 15 States (Angola, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Cambodia, China, Colombia, Dominican Republic, Haiti, Lesotho, Lithuania, Nepal, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia and Swaziland) in the adoption of legislation and regulations to enable them to implement the international drug control treaties.
IMF took the lead with bilateral creditors.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/ES-10/16 and Add.1);
Amendment to article 13 of the Statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal [155]
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions presented the report of that Committee contained in document A/52/7/Add.6.
26. UNCTAD is implementing projects to strengthen the capacity for the management of external debt in Armenia, Belarus and Uzbekistan, and a project in the Republic of Moldova on international financial markets and debt.
4. To an increasing and significant extent, the consolidation and development of democracy require positive international conditions – not only the strengthening of an ethic of cooperation and solidarity in international relations, which can ensure that the development efforts of countries are not thwarted by unjust economic and political circumstances or by the lack of resources, but also the conviction that democracy is the best system for attaining development and well-being.
A manuscript entitled The Changing Nature of Democracy was edited during the year and will be ready for publication by UNU Press early in 1998.
This is meant to contribute to the formulation of a draft policy outlining an EIA which is friendly to indigenous communities and which takes into account their characteristics, and specific needs and rights.
New exports may have arisen either as a result of government initiatives to build a capability in a particular area, the removal of barriers previously preventing those exports, or the reaction of enterprises to new opportunities.
An account of the discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (E/1998/SR.28-32).
Reporting on the Regional Symposium, held in Fez, Morocco, on 19-20 June 1997, the representative of Morocco read out the “Message” adopted by the participants in the Symposium and requested that the Message be included in extenso in the final report of the Board on its fifteenth executive session.
In response to a request for additional information on preventive campaigns as well as on treatment and rehabilitation of abusers, the Secretariat will make available to the thirty-third session a background document for circulation, though not for discussion.
All Member States, United Nations bodies and agencies and observers are invited to attend.
Considerable savings in conference-servicing resources were thus made.
At its fifth session, the SBSTA took note of activities undertaken by the secretariat to prepare reports on topics, such as adaptation technologies, the terms of transfer of technology and know-how and technology information centres. It urged the secretariat to accelerate these activities.
This fresh carnage is yet another in the series of massacres perpetrated by Israel, which include those committed at Qana (18 April 1996), Nabatiyah (18 April 1996), Mansuri (14 April 1996) and Suhmur (12 April 1996), all of which created a furore in the media at the time.
SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS Thursday, 30 October 1997
For example, the system does not adequately reflect the location and status of the more than $200 million worth of assets in UNHCR’s possession.
Whereas, to begin with, it was a question of the individual human right to leave any country, including one's own, and the right to return to one's country, collective as well as individual rights have since been studied, and not only in connection with the problem of leaving and entering one's country.
The following recent documented violations are a reflection of the massive, ongoing campaign on the part of Turkey to alter the demographic character of occupied Cyprus.
Provision is made for the coverage of 79 additional vehicles at an increased rate of $203 per vehicle per year as compared with the previous rate of $150 per vehicle per year for the six-month period ($8,000).
Informal consultations will be held to discuss the draft resolution concerning the situation of human rights in the territory of the former Yugoslavia (agenda item 112 (Human Rights Questions)) on Thursday, 13 November 1997, from 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. in Conference Room B.
Commission members shall be protected by immunity from any defamation or other civil or criminal proceedings that might be brought against them in connection with material contained in the report.
Some speakers noted with appreciation that the Secretary-General intended to strengthen the working arrangements among the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the Department of Public Information.
4. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the report of the Secretary-General on strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region (A/53/422).
15. Calls upon the Government of Nigeria to abide by its freely undertaken obligations under the International Covenants on Human Rights and other human rights instruments in the implementation of the programme of transition and beyond;
110. In relation to the commitment to foster, in the international community, recognition of enforced or involuntary disappearances as crimes against humanity, the Mission considers that the time has come for the Government to complete the process of ratifying the Inter-American Convention on Forced Disappearance of Persons of 9 June 1994 by depositing the relevant instruments with the Organization of American States.
The black tea market is dominated by ready-to-drink teas, accounting for 80 per cent of the sales in the black tea market.
The report on vertical diversification in the food sector (TD/B/COM.1/EM.2/2) underlines the special need to focus on these elements for promoting diversification.
“(a) Maintain close contact on the subject with national authorities, especially the authorities of countries that are close to areas where internal and international armed conflicts are taking place;
In accordance with the decision taken at its resumed orga-nizational session on 5 September 1997, the Committee for Programme and Coordination will hold its resumed thirty- seventh session at United Nations Headquarters for up to 5 days beginning Monday, 13 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Annex V specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency for 1999
The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen coordination among the various governmental bodies and mechanisms involved in children's rights, at both the national and local levels, with a view to developing a comprehensive policy on children and ensuring effective evaluation of the implementation of the Convention.
While there have been some important successes for the international community, including the restoration of the democratically elected Government in Sierra Leone, peace in many parts of the world remains precarious.
Currently, the assets of the Fund stand at approximately $20 billion, held on behalf of more than 110,000 participants and beneficiaries residing in some 187 countries.
While this is still a relatively new series of investment vehicles and the volume of the available long-term bond is somewhat limited, the yields on these bonds present a suitable starting point in developing the required prudent real return assumption.
The work done before and during the Kampala meeting and its important conclusions did not remain isolated from other parallel, and broader, efforts with respect to security issues.
I believe that this meeting has demonstrated, equally, the need to develop the flows of information and transparency between our institutions.
2 Based on the report of the Civil Administration for the West Bank, chart 8.7 (no date).
The members of the Executive Board are elected from five lists set out in the Basic Texts of the World Food Programme and reproduced in document E/1998/L.1/Add.4.
Expressing concern at the continuing large-scale existence of such practices,
The representative of Chile, in his capacity as President of the Security Council, made a statement in the course of which he introduced the report of the Security Council (A/52/2).
A technical working group has been formed under the ASEAN Consultative Committee for Standards and Quality (ACCSQ) to coordinate efforts and formulate regional programmes on ISO 14000.
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel —
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
11. In practice, the distinction among these various categories is often difficult to recognize because an effective internal control structure requires elements of each.
Denmark participates actively in international cooperation.
(d) The preliminary indicative allocation of resources, the provisions for anticipated savings and the provisions for the Development Account should be further examined on a priority basis;
The matter will be kept under close review and an agreed response to the questionnaire will be forwarded to the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space in due course.
127. UNCITRAL - Working Group on Electronic Commerce, thirty-third session [General Assembly resolution 2928 (XXVII)]
In sub-Saharan agrarian structures, implicit tax measures were used to extract part of the value added by farmers.
32. In order for the United Nations to improve the aviation services received, the Office of Internal Oversight Services has recommended that measures be taken to strengthen the Organization’s capability to assess vendors’ viability and suitability, including safety records and compliance with international safety regulations.
How fast the queues advance often depends on the mood of the soldier at the border crossing.
During its deliberations in July 1997, the Working Group also discussed in detail the working methods and transparency of the Council based on part B of conference room paper 8, but no new conference room paper was prepared as a result of the discussions at that time.
The following services may be obtained through Chase ATMs: transfers, deposit payments, cash withdrawals, balance inquiries and statement printing of the last five transactions.
At 2215 hours Israeli forces and the militia under them fired a number of 120-mm and 81-mm mortar shells at the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah and areas along the Litani River from their positions on Tahrah hill and Dabshah hill.
Estimated annual cost to the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia of an additional Trial Chamber and full
(h) The value of cost savings recommended and amounts recovered: see box after paragraph 15.
241. The Committee recommended that the crucial role and mandate of the Department of Public Information should be borne in mind.
(and addenda as necessary) Additional proposals from Parties
As a consequence, enterprises are now expected, or even required, to disclose information about their environmental policies, environmental objectives, and programmes undertaken, and the expenditures incurred in pursuit of these policies, objectives and programmes, and to disclose and provide for environmental risks.
8. It is to be hoped that advances in the Israeli-Palestinian negotiations will create favourable momentum for the resumption of the Israel-Syrian Arab Republic and Israel-Lebanon talks.
In addition, provision is made for clothing and equipment allowance of the seven force orderly staff at a rate of $200 per person/year ($1,400).
It was observed that privatization had increased productivity and promoted innovation, as regards both technology and marketing approaches, including development of domestic markets.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997, type II gratis personnel are to be phased out.
4. The secretariats of the United Nations and the League of Arab States, as well as the Office of the Permanent Observer for the League of Arab States to the United Nations, have continued to maintain close contacts on matters of mutual concern to the two organizations.
It should be pointed out that these are not cumulative; they are complementary or supplementary.
The Committee notes numerous procurement delays for administrative reasons that are not explained in the reports.
∙ Trust Fund for the Fiftieth Anniversary of the United Nations
151. The Committee urges the Government to take a more proactive role by introducing concrete measures to abolish all discriminatory customs and practices.
(a) Appointment of the members of the Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women [17 (h)];
Recalling also that by paragraph 6 of its resolution 52/218, it had agreed to defer the consideration of the pension entitlement for members of the International Tribunal for Rwanda proposed in the report of the Secretary-General A/52/520. until the review of the report of the Secretary-General on the emoluments and pension scheme of members of the International Court of Justice submitted to the General Assembly at its current session; A/C.5/53/11.
This will be achieved through the provision of expert technical advice, the production of technical papers and the formulation and implementation of a global programme on law enforcement aspects of precursor control in coordination with the secretariat of the Board.
The Committee suggests that measures to combat these crimes require not only services to victims and sanctions for perpetrators, but the design and implementation of comprehensive national social and economic policies to create new opportunities for women.
Some 66,728 refugee students were also studying at government and private secondary schools within the area of operations.
(h) Guidelines for good housekeeping, environmentally sound and safe recovery, recycling and prudent disposal in specific areas for limitation of emissions and optimization of the use of fluorocarbons;
The purpose of the conference was to provide a forum for 21 countries in Central and Eastern Europe to discuss approaches to strengthen the performance and integrity of the civil service as a core component of good governance.
At that point he was appointed Deputy Senior Public Prosecutor in Ljubljana.
341. The Committee recommends that information be provided by the State party on the enactment of legislation for the protection of refugees (Refugee Bill) and the proposed amendments to Law II (III) of 1992.
2. The Advisory Committee welcomes the presentation of the tenth progress report and the report by the independent experts and commends both the Secretary-General and the experts for the user-friendly format and clarity of content and structure of the two reports.
29. The report of the Committee of the Whole reads as follows:
237. UNFCCC - Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and meetings of subsidiary bodies [General Assembly resolutions 50/115 and 50/232]
This promoted UNCCD, the call for which was made by the most seriously affected countries (African countries).
Other measures to strengthen the verification process included continuing evaluations of the technology available for signature verification.
Supports the actions taken in 1997 and 1998 with respect to malaria prevention and control in the context of African economic recovery and development by the Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity;
8. As at 16 November 1998, unliquidated obligations amounted to $12,336 for the travel of military observers.
The perpetuation of resolution 2758 (XXVI) is the main obstacle barring the Republic of China from the United Nations.
The kitchen/diners do not last as long as accommodation units and for health and safety reasons those over 10 years old will be replaced over a 3-year period.
For example, in industrial bioprocess control, biosensors allow technicians and engineers to monitor complex reactions in real time and, when needed, to adjust reaction rates to achieve maximum production.
Food science and technology at the National Food Research Institute, Japan (5);
Total implementation of legislative services in terms of programmed output for programmes directly related to major conferences
However, even towards the end of October 1993 there were no signs of potential problems regarding the distribution of Lysol in the former Yugoslavia.
Adoption of the proposed programme budget
Programme 5. Policy coordination and sustainable development
The main shortfall in implementation, relating to the programme dealing with the Question of Palestine, was a result of the decision by the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People to adjust the 1996-1997 programme of work.
Between 0530 and 0600 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
The revised cost estimate is made for reimbursement to Governments of a usage factor for all items of personal clothing, gear and equipment issued by those Governments to their military personnel at the standard rate of $65 per person/month plus $5 per person/month for personal weapons and ammunition, for a revised total of 22,812 person/months, in accordance with the repatriation schedule.
Contractual agreements, joint ventures and equity investments are the predominant forms of these alliances.
The Committee noted that in 1997 and 1998 no Member State had actually faced the situation described above.
In addition, those fleets had continuously violated areas reserved for small-scale fisheries, had not always paid any fine imposed on them and, according to some studies, had paid only 33 per cent of the required fees to the Mauritanian Government.
The accused was then invited to plead guilty or not guilty to each of the three new counts, relating to crimes of sexual violence, laid against him.
However, women experienced inequality in employment, including with regard to reduced hiring opportunities and unequal pay for work of equal value.
At the urging of IPU, many parliaments around the world have participated in special events, held hearings or debates on human rights issues in special plenary sittings and several of them reported on increased budgetary allocations for human rights.
Cooperation between the United Nations and the Inter-Parliamentary Union [29]:
62. UNIFEM’s work as a gender adviser to the resident coordinator system is a critical component in ensuring that United Nations country teams have the capacity to recognize and respond to gender issues.
As the majority of the poor are rural farmers, policies that promote agricultural and rural development will also enhance food security by raising incomes and reducing poverty.
The Treaty Section now has a system which would enable it to scan or convert to text format through optical character recognition (OCR) all documents received in the Section (treaties, subsequent actions, ratifications, reservations, declarations, etc.) and store this information in the database.
220. As to the placement of the additional provision, while it was suggested that the text should be added as a new part III of the Model Law, it was generally agreed that the insertion of the text as a new article 5 bis, as suggested by the Working Group, was more appropriate.
The Committee notes from the performance report (A/52/790/Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1, annex II.B, para. 33) that while the estimate for helicopter operations for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 had provided for two medium helicopters to fly 180 hours per month for a total of 2,160 hours, they flew for a total of 2,124.08 hours.
By submission of 9 October 1997, Spain provided information in relation to the Committee's Views in case No. 526/1993 (Hill).
Indian heroin is partly consumed within the subregion and central Asia partly smuggled to the West, whereas methaqualone is primarily sent to Africa.
Consequently, the entire process of decolonization culminated in the formal promulgation into the law of the statute of integration, on 17 July 1976.
70. The series of basic information kits is intended as a working tool for agencies, programmes, non-governmental organizations and national institutions, as well as individuals, in the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
In Egypt, for example, the Federation of Egyptian Industries has organized a Government Relations Committee which represents all sectoral chambers and reviews the National Business Agenda.
These problems are exacerbated by the absence of agreed global norms or standards to be used in reducing such accumulation or transfer.
Methodology for determining the proportionate share of the assets
36. Governments can also outsource or subcontract support activities (to agencies like Turin's CODEX, for example). The private sector, including large enterprises, may also have an interest in creating programmes in the context of the development of their future markets and in practice has been willing to invest therein (banks, telecommunications services) in developed, developing and least developed countries.
With effect from 1 July 1996, the General Assembly has approved a new financial period for peacekeeping operations with special accounts to be a one-year period, from 1 July to 30 June.
The view was expressed that there was a need to proceed with a thorough consideration of the draft declaration at the next session of the Special Committee, in 1999.
Police Chief, Colonel Yusuf Muharram, said four people “who engaged in destruction were being interrogated and were suspected of causing the incident”.
The experts were nominated by governments.
At its Conference held at Windhoek in April 1998, IPU strongly urged the European Union to continue to strive to involve the Turkish Cypriot community in the accession negotiations on the basis of the United Nations framework for the settlement of the Cyprus issue, and reiterated that progress towards a politically negotiated settlement is linked to progress on military issues.
Letter dated 1 September 1983 from the Permanent Representative of Japan to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15950);
The Palestinian side also reaffirmed its commitment to implementing all the provisions of the Wye River Memorandum.
It had before it proposals in respect of programme 17, Economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean.
35. Mr. Matarollo has rightly stated that mere failure to observe the respect due to parents (article 314 of the Haitian Civil Code) is not sufficient to justify, in violation of the principle of nullum crimen sine lege (article 4 of the Haitian Criminal Code) either an act such as a security measure (committing a child to a rehabilitation centre) or recourse to detention.
47. A particularly vital initiative of the campaign is the involvement of local government and communities.
26. Lastly, the Civil Affairs Unit, the Military/Police Staff Officers Unit and the Technical Services Section are now known as the Political and Humanitarian Affairs Unit, the Military Support Unit and the Integrated Support Services Section, respectively.
“24.5 The recent adoption by the General Assembly of the Secretary-General’s programme of reform in resolutions 52/12 B and 52/220 creates a new direction for this programme and the Department.
for insulated shells F=U(649-t)/13.6 but in no case is less than 0.25 where:
The final report will be compiled under the authority of the Chairperson after the conclusion of the Meeting.
I would like to recall that similar charges on so-called "airspace violations" were rejected in toto in our previous communications addressed to you, most recently in my letter dated 14 April 1998 (A/52/873-S/1998/328).
Consequently, the Panel decides that the costs incurred by Governments in evacuating citizens from Saudi Arabia and Israel should be compensated on the same basis as those costs incurred by Governments in evacuating persons from Iraq or Kuwait.
The Trade and Development Board at its forty-third session noted that the Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC) had adopted resolution 1996/31 of 25 July 1996 entitled "Consultative relationship between the United Nations and non-governmental organizations", which updates the arrangements on consultative relations with non-governmental organizations set out in Economic and Social Council resolution 1296(XLIV) of 23 May 1968.
Adoption of the report of the Committee on its resumed thirty-seventh session [3] (E/AC.51/1997/L.6/Add.1-14)
The Committee was informed that resource needs for 1998 had been planned at $1,100 million, yet income is now estimated at $850 million.
Current activities in Somalia were now focused in the northern ports of Berbera and Bosasso to upgrade local management, including the setting-up of training centres, thus seeking to ensure sustainability of project activities.
Until recently, the Commission's sessions were scheduled for eight days, but in a review of its own functioning, it reduced the sessions to five days on an experimental basis.
18. By its resolutions 51/218 E and 52/1, the General Assembly therefore authorized the Secretary-General to enter into commitments totalling $13,110,350, comprising $8,902,850 for the maintenance of the Base for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, and $4,207,500 for the clearance of the backlog.
The closeness of internal auditors to the day-to-day operations usually places them in a position to continually assess the adequacy and effectiveness of internal controls and the extent of compliance.
The Board’s sample examination of processed claims indicated that more than $7 million had been recovered or cancelled in duplicate claims.
Letter dated 19 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Nicaragua to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
During the period under review, the Tribunal held two sessions.
The three members should be drawn from different regions.
“2. ‘Kupat Holim’ (sickness fund) tax, although the occupation authorities have not set up a single health centre in any of the Arab villages.
1. The mandate of the United Nations Support Mission in Haiti (UNSMIH) ended on 31 July 1997.
Quite apart from the disastrous effects which the institutional crisis has had on economic activity, it is clear that the present situation is hardly reassuring to private investors.
Central African Customs and Economic Union
a. Approximately 5,000 new treaties and international agreements registered and subsequent actions relating to more than 40,000 treaties and international agreements already registered or filed and recorded with the Secretariat; information on the status of registered instruments provided to Member States, intergovernmental organizations, the Secretariat, United Nations bodies and other entities;
(e) Identify and promote areas of activity that have multiple benefits;
43. In regard to the Integrated Library Management System, the Board recommended, in paragraph 87 of its report, that since the Integrated Library Management System project had been considerably delayed from the time the General Assembly authorized it during the biennium 1992–1993, the Administration should ensure that its full implementation is achieved without further delay.
The question of the settlement of reciprocal property claims between the two sides in Cyprus through an exchange of properties and/or compensation was among the parameters established during the negotiating process under United Nations auspices.
(a) The level of gross salary – i.e., excluding post adjustment – for staff in the professional and higher categories;
The Committee also regrets the fact that some questions remained unanswered.
The fact that FDI had taken place in increasing amounts in countries with no competition policy and laws suggested, moreover, that competition policy was not an important factor for investors.
current resolutions under negotiation) 8 p.m. Announcement
354. The representative emphasized that increased participation by women in politics was a prerequisite for the enhancement of women’s social status and further democratic development of the society.
73. The Board recommends that the Programme complete the curricula and training materials for the intermediate and advanced courses in contemporary drug-abuse control policy as a matter of priority, develop a training plan, with clearly defined responsibilities and a timetable, and take action to secure the necessary financial resources.
– Statement by the President of the Security Council dated 16 December 1994 (S/PRST/1994/81);
The system is also used to control the driver's identity and check whether insurance is valid.
FDI was not only now more important than trade in linking markets internationally, it was also a mechanism to link the production systems of countries internationally.
The List has remained easy to read and understand, in line with General Assembly resolution 37/137.
467. The regularity in the presentation of periodic reports is most welcome, considering that Tonga is a small country with limited resources.
Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations: financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/453) [142 (a)].
ASEAN Association of South-East Asian Nations
73. At the 4th meeting of the Working Group, on 28 January 1998, the delegation of the Russian Federation introduced under the above-mentioned item a working paper entitled “Fundamentals of the legal basis for United Nations peacekeeping operations in the context of Chapter VI of the Charter of the United Nations” (A/AC.182/L.89/Add.2 and Corr.1), which read as follows:
The data indicate that the phenomenon is basically a rural one (85.7 per cent), the usual motive being an alleged crime against property (67 per cent) that normally involves goods of very little value.
34. Developing countries could benefit by instituting similar comprehensive programmes, eventually involving the private sector and, where applicable, efficient non-governmental organizations.
The audit also indicated a need for policy guidelines for ensuring proper and adequate dissemination of published materials in order to fully realize the programme objectives.
The Division is responsible for the formulation of policies and procedures pertaining to worldwide and local procurement, for collecting information on market conditions in the respective mission areas and for participating in needs assessment and technical survey missions to determine the goods and services that can be bought locally.
The Committee was informed that these concepts were introduced in the reform package adopted by the Commission and apply only to the ad hoc groups of governmental experts that are established for a two-year period with a precise programme of work.
Priorities for the future included technical assistance, setting-up of databases (particularly on financial services providers and national, regional and international trade finance and insurance programmes), creation of an Internet site on international trade finance and training activities.
The way to the establishment of peace in that long-suffering country lies only through the establishment of a representative government which will take full account of the lawful rights and interests of all the ethnic, religious and political groups in Afghan society.
And let me mention that, although not linked to an ongoing conflict, the solution to the problem of almost 95,000 Bhutanese refugees in Nepal also remains elusive, although there are some indications of possible progress on this issue in the near future.
Furthermore, to provide an alternative policy framework for employment-intensive growth and to design a programme of action for job creation for poverty alleviation, the Programme on Employment Generation for Poverty Reduction – better known as “Jobs for Africa” – is being implemented, with the support of UNDP, as ILO’s contribution to the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative on Africa.
In the first stage, this settlement is expected to accommodate 4,000 settlers in 1,000 housing units, gradually increasing to 30,000 settlers occupying some 6,500 units in the final stage.4
Information regarding the operational plan and requirements of UNTMIH was contained in paragraphs 5 to 7 of document A/52/512.
Despite requests for an exemption for UNRWA staff, the driving restriction remained in place at the close of the reporting period and driving permits were issued only in limited numbers.
The activities of non-governmental organizations in areas such as family reunification, demobilization, vocational training for war-affected youth, health and education, and the presence of an active and well-organized civil society in Liberia, are further promising signs.
3. Organization of Islamic Conference (OIC)
229. Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women, fortieth session [General Assembly resolutions 31/133 and 39/125]
On 29 September, the bodies of 14 Kosovo Albanians, including six women, six children and two elderly men, were found in a forest near Gornje Obrinje in the Drenica region.
24. A few examples of cooperative mechanisms presently in place can be mentioned:
In various countries where it has offices, IBHI also serves as an implementing partner of United Nations bodies such as the United Nations Development Programme, the Office for Project Services and UNHCR.
To a lesser degree, local authorities or persons believed to inform and collaborate with the Rwandan Patriotic Army (RPA) were also targets.
Although a high percentage of programmed outputs was achieved, some reformulations had to be undertaken to reflect changing circumstances, as well as concerns of the Commission for Social Development and the General Assembly.
. Following a drug abuse assessment survey conducted in Ethiopia, a comprehensive drug abuse prevention pilot project was launched at Nazareth, Ethiopia, in 1996.
Expenditure for the period from 13 January to 30 June 1996 as at 30 June 1996
Joint statement by the participants in the Fifth Summit of Turkish-Speaking States
Training initiatives of this sort should be accomplished by information dissemination initiatives, complemented by the establishment of small grants for non-governmental and community-based organizations that meet criteria related to serving the affected populations in the Semipalatinsk region, with a particular emphasis on social service and environmental issues.
2.Given the many factors that determine the flow of FDI and the technology and skills associated with it, what is the relative importance of BITs vis-à-vis other determinants of investment flows?
The requirements for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment from the inception of UNPREDEP on 1 January 1996 to the end of its mandate on 31 August 1998 are currently estimated at $28,273,000.
However, there was a need to be selective and to focus on priority areas.
10. An expert involved in the Uganda Connect project pointed to a highly original way of overcoming existing limitations through the use of donated older PCs which are linked up through a hybrid technology using VHF single side band radio communications.
There should be improved programme delivery through the ability of managers to respond quickly to staffing needs.
Drafting of studies for the eleventh supplement, covering the period 1989–1992, has commenced.
Review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD in accordance with paragraph 96 of "A Partnership for Growth and Development"
(b) Large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing, unauthorized fishing in zones of national jurisdiction and on the high seas, fisheries by-catch and discards, and other developments.
The Government has recognized the need for training at all levels of its security apparatus and has welcomed all initiatives in this respect.
122. Thus the recruitment efforts that had been made since June 1997 were continued.
2. United Nations reform: measures and proposals [157]:
1. Financing of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 [135] (A/C.5/52/4 and Corr.1, A/51/976, A/52/520 and A/52/696)
47. Furthermore, the ILO has provided technical and financial assistance to the Regional Arab Programme for Labour Administration (RAPLA), which is now managed by ALO.
6. Host country activities: activities to assist members of the United Nations community.
According to a report of the European Community Monitoring Mission (ECMM) of 17 July 1998, a representative of the Association of the Families of Abducted and Missing Persons of Serb Origin said that they had informed the State Commission in a letter that 2,541 Serbs were still missing in Croatia, and had provided names and places.
19. The Administration concurs with the recommendation.
Most of these proposals will be carried over into 1998 and 1999.
2. Decides to maintain the present functions and independent role of the Scientific Committee, including the present reporting arrangements;
It is noted with disappointment, however, that some Member States that were on the “payments received” list in 1997 were not there in 1998.
5. In a letter dated 26 September 1997, the Controller informed the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions that the Mission was in need of six additional international posts, one Senior Political Affairs Officer (P-5), one Legal Officer (P-4), one Special Assistant/Public Information Officer (P-4), two secretaries (2 GS) and a Field Service officer (FS), to assume the duties of Supervisor of the Radio Stores and Inventory Unit.
AOAD participated in the first session of the ESCWA Committee on Water Resources (Amman, 30 and 31 March 1997); and in an expert group meeting on water legislation (Amman, 24–26 November 1996).
135. The victims or passive subjects of violations of economic, social and cultural rights can be groups or individuals.
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Sunday, 14 December 1997
The appointment was made on the basis of criteria defined by the Secretary-General in his report to the Security Council on the establishment of the Commission of Experts (S/1994/879) dated 26 July 1994, namely: the professional competence of the experts, in particular in the fields of human rights, humanitarian law and criminal law, and their integrity and impartiality.
CH4 emissions are projected to decrease by 13 per cent in 2000 compared to 1990 levels.
The rates of the three regional custodians ultimately selected were: for the United States/Canada/Mexico/Latin America holdings, an average of 1.2 basis points, plus transaction fees; for the Europe/Asia ex-Japan holdings, an average of 3 basis points, plus transaction fees; and for Japan, 0.9 basis points, plus transaction fees.
(b) *Introduction of international voluntary agreements in internationally oriented industrial sectors, aimed at measures such as the introduction of minimum energy efficiency requirements and greenhouse gas emission limits;
Second, there was “duplicate” keying-in of the same data at various points in transaction processes – a quarter of the respondents to the survey indicated that they were required to enter the same data more than once.
An international ban on the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices (cut-off) would further underpin the process towards the total elimination of nuclear weapons.
In this regard, the Committee is worried at the absence of a comprehensive law that clearly prohibits corporal punishment of children.
314. It was further deplored that the progress report did not provide information on additional resources mobilized by the Special Initiative and urged that more resources be made available for its implementation.
“Reaffirming its responsibility for the effective functioning of human rights treaty bodies, and reaffirming also the importance of:
16. The Expert Meeting recognized that information technology alone would not stop fraud.
The adjustments are based upon the assumption that this amount of electricity would have been generated in Denmark, if the import had not occurred.
6. Welcomes the assurances given by the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran that it has no intention of taking any action whatsoever to threaten the life of Salman Rushdie and those associated with his work or of encouraging or assisting anyone to do so, and that it disassociates itself from any reward offered in this regard and does not support it, but expresses its concern at continuing threats to the life of Salman Rushdie, including the increase announced in the bounty;
Treating the two parties as political equals was meaningless as long as one of those equals was allowed to continue under the false title of "the Government of Cyprus", taking unilateral decisions and affecting the future of the whole of Cyprus. When I challenged Mr. Clerides on this incompatibility, his answer was very clear!
The early payment of contributions would ensure the timely availability of funds.
In this connection, a variety of activities and training courses addressed issues, especially through education and communication, which could reduce motivation for terrorism.
The additional information provided by the delegation of Bangladesh and the constructive and fruitful dialogue with the Committee are welcomed.
The integration of these products into the GATT, to be accomplished in four stages over the ten-year period 1995-2005, is heavily "end-loaded".
At the 5th meeting, on 7 May 1998, the Council postponed to a future session the election of five experts from African States and two experts from Eastern European States for a term beginning on the date of election (see decision 1998/202 B).
71. With respect to management information systems, the information provided gave the impression of uncoordinated systems development.
22. In his message for the International Day, the Secretary-General said that the Day was an opportunity to reflect upon the diversity of indigenous cultures and reaffirm the international community`s commitment to the world`s indigenous people, wherever they live.
Informal consultations by the Chairman of the Second Committee on behalf of the President of the General Assembly on the reports of the Second Committee (A/52/716 and A/52/723)
Due to the relatively short duration of the session and the number of items on its agenda,a complete draft text of the report might not be available at the end of the session.
295. Regret was expressed that the financial crisis would adversely affect the implementation of the mandates for the advancement of women.
Typically, monetary policy is one of the policy tools for managing the balance of payments.
260. Views were expressed that, as recommended in recommendations 7, 8 and 9 of the in-depth evaluation, the role of Earthwatch should not be enhanced, rather it should function in collaboration with UNEP’s own network and Environment and Natural Resource Information Networks (ENRIN).
Yet, older women frequently enjoy close and enriching emotional attachments within families.
17. UNCTAD should study how best to make information accessible to SMEs about the availability of support services and how support agencies can better market their services.
21. The Office agrees that such an appraisal is indispensable for staff development, but that it had not been made.
21. The Office of Operations provides executive direction for the implementation of Security Council mandates that establish peacekeeping operations and/or direct the Secretary-General to plan them.
At a time when television has been described as the sixteenth member of the Security Council, there is however still a tendency in some quarters in the Organization to view public information as merely a subsidiary “support service”.
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,
English version of the German national report published in RIDP 65 (1994), p. 289.
21. Invites States parties that have been unable to comply with the requirements to submit their initial report to avail themselves of technical assistance;
14. Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region (D.76).
Adequate disaggregated data should be gathered and analysed in order to monitor and assess progress achieved in the realization of children's rights and to help define policies to be adopted to strengthen the implementation of the provisions of the Convention.
As a result, some believe that the reliability of the present value approach is not sufficient to require recognition of a liability in the financial statements.
The seminar will be conducted by Dr. Peter Bartelmus, Chief of the Environment, Energy and Industrial Statistics Branch of the United Nations Statistics Division.
Subsequently, Argentina, Ecuador, Greece, Mali, New Zealand, Romania, Togo and the United States of America joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
It also includes a request for the creation of a new trust fund for the special annual contribution of the Government of Germany (the "Bonn Fund").
At its sixth session, the SBSTA, requested the secretariat to organize, together with theIntergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), an informal meeting at the seventh session of the SBSTA, to discuss key issues to be addressed in the Third Assessment Report (TAR).
4. The pillage of the cultural heritage of the third world
At the time the United Nations Office at Nairobi was established it was anticipated that the streamlining of the administrative structure would result in the elimination of 59 posts.
In these countries, cooperatives form an important part of the economy, commanding, in some sub-sectors, considerable market shares (e.g. in grain marketing, milk processing and dairy products).
“International Criminal Court”, brochure released in English and French in May
The Secretary-General of Rabbis for Human Rights stated that his association intended to provide the Bedouin who stayed at the site with food and blankets.
The President so designated shall not at the same time exercise the rights of a representative of a Party.
A. Planned and actual deployment of civilian and military personnel for the period from
(d) A working group of the Sub—Commission;
2 Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 9 (E/1998/29).
5. As regards voluntary contributions for the Fund of UNDCP, in its resolution 46/185 C, part XVI, paragraph 2, the General Assembly authorized the Commission on Narcotic Drugs "to approve, on the basis of the proposals of the Executive Director of the Programme, both the budget of the programme of the Fund and the administrative and programme support costs budget, other than the expenditures borne by the regular budget of the United Nations."
180. The Committee further agreed that the thirty-eighth session of the Legal Subcommittee, in 1999, would meet for five days immediately following the session of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee and that the Committee would meet for three days immediately prior to the UNISPACE III Conference in July.
See: UNCTAD document TD/B/COM.3/EM.2/L.1. The deliberations at the expert meeting focused on four major issues: (i) channels for Government-private sector dialogue; (ii) policy coherence for SME development; (iii) SME support mechanisms and agencies; and (iv) the role of professional organizations in Government-private sector dialogue and SME support.
52/198 Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa
These issues were transparently dealt with in the communication and explained by lack of appropriate methodologies, resources and background data.
He also stated that five Palestinians had been detained and taken to a police station for questioning.
Finally, the support activities in research include strengthening the in-house capacity to keep pace with new scientific and technical advances in the field by maintaining and extending the UNDCP reference collection, continuing the UNDCP lecture series and preparing the R/D Alert series of publications.
11. The Committee shall keep itself informed of the activities of the scientific advisory bodies of other conventions and of relevant international organizations, and shall coordinate its activities and cooperate closely with them to avoid duplication of work and optimize results.
HUMAN RIGHTS QUESTIONS: HUMAN RIGHTS QUESTIONS, INCLUDING ALTERNATIVE APPROACHES FOR IMPROVING THE EFFECTIVE ENJOYMENT OF HUMAN RIGHTS
While these sources of cash reserves were more or less sufficient to cover the level of unpaid contributions during the years from 1985 through the early 1990s, in recent years they have not been sufficient.
6.6.4.12.3 In the design of supports and frameworks the effects of environmental corrosion shall be taken into account.
19. Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia
Timely preventive activities and actions by the international community is a precondition for successful prevention of conflict situations.
including special economic assistance (item 20)
19. Welcomes the efforts of the World Bank to help Governments to address the social consequences of crises, including strengthening social safety nets for the most vulnerable;
Since 1993, the Government has successfully maintained economic stability, which has been a major achievement and has fostered national recovery.
1. I consider it a distinct pleasure and honour to have my first opportunity to address the Committee on Information.
The United States, which is a net importer of fish in the order of some US$3,700 million annually as an average of 1991-1995, imports semi-processed or raw material fish for its processing plants.
62. Unless there is reconstruction and development in the aftermath of conflict, there can be little expectation of progress or durable peace.
121. The State party is urged to take further action to strengthen its capacity for a systematic approach to collecting disaggregated statistical data and other information on the status of children.
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997: supplementary information
19. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session an item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium and the Civilian Police Support Group".
3. Provision of interpretation services to meetings of regional and other major groupings of Member States
102. WFP is satisfied with its accomplishments for 1997.
The genuine concern remains that despite their limited strategic value, landmines are still used far too extensively and indiscriminately.
It should be noted that, even with the creation of this post, staffing in political/press affairs is still modest, compared with other missions of similar size.
VI. EXPERIENCES WITH THE IMPLEMENTATION OF ISO 14001 62-73 IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES
Fifty-two of the casualties were injured in the upper part of the body.
“(1) In its international relations, Portugal shall be governed by the principles of national independence, respect for human rights, the rights of peoples, equality of States, the peaceful settlement of international disputes, non-interference in the internal affairs of other States and cooperation with all other peoples for the emancipation and progress of mankind.
121. In the reconciliation areas, including Phnom Malai, Pailin and Anlong Veng, WFP is working with the Cambodian Mine Action Centre.
43. The Board of Auditors refers to the issue of gratis personnel in paragraphs 89–109 of its report, and the related recommendation is contained in paragraph 110.
The economy remains very fragile because of the lack of diversification, the lack of competitiveness, the very high factor costs and the very small domestic market.
Activities for avoidance of further radiation exposure and ecological deterioration constitute an important parameter in setting priorities.
The Department undertakes multimedia information campaigns on priority thematic issues. These include campaigns to publicize the special sessions of the General Assembly being held in follow-up to the cycle of international conferences held by the United Nations, as well as for the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in 1998 and to highlight UN peacekeeping in its fiftieth year.
In this connection, greater cooperation between the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan which is consistent with the fundamental interests of both States is also a constructive element of international dimensions.
The Bretton Woods institutions, as well as regional banks, notably the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD) and the Asian Development Bank, have extended credit dedicated to improving existing transport infrastructure and developing alternative transport routes. Individual donor countries, notably Japan, China and the United States of America, as well as groups of countries like EU, have also provided significant financial and technical assistance support (see box 2).
6. Requests the Board, should there be a positive trend towards actuarial surpluses in future valuations, to consider favourably a reduction in the present contribution rate;
Ireland's own CO2 abatement strategy aims at limiting the growth in CO2 emissions to 20 per cent over 1990 levels by the year 2000.
(d) Policies and measures: four times; and
The Claimant seeks compensation in the amount of KD 5,825.500 for its lost deposit on the new car.
Five-year national plans of action were prepared and submitted to the Conference by over 130 countries (see table 1).
RIGHTS GUIDELINES ON DEVELOPMENT-BASED DISPLACEMENT
The plan of action was endorsed unanimously by the fifty-first World Health Assembly on 14 May 1998 (resolution WHA 51.8).
Participants: All COP participants are welcome
The aim of this review will be to examine, in the light of evidence received from any interested party and having regard to the particular experience of 1996, the current arrangements for handling public processions and open—air public meetings and associated public order issues in Northern Ireland, including:
Storage batteries, Delco, maintenance-free
2. In accordance with the mandate given to it by the General Conference, the Committee considered draft decisions and resolutions on items 7 to 26.
12. The other component of the outcome that I expect from the Partners for Development meeting will be practical partnerships to act together for development.
With the exception of Japan and the Republic of Korea, the countries reviewed maintain a high level of protection for one or the other branch of the transport industry.
5. Written documents submitted to the Special Committee by:
- Limit lawful access to the market or the lawful exercise of commercial activities by another producer or distributor;
This range reflects uncertainties about the ultimate impact of action to liberalize electricity markets and investments in research, development and demonstration for new technologies.
(d) Effect of remarriage of the former spouse, or remarriage(s) and further divorce(s).
When it comes to South-South investment, the focus should be on small and medium-size foreign investors, who often have different needs from those of traditional home countries.
- Acceptance of the principles of neutrality and universality of the Global Mechanism (i.e "honest broker" role) in its operations to promote mobilization of resources for all affected developing country parties; and
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources” and to allocate it to the Second Committee.
Conference on Democratic Institutions and Peace in Central Africa
If the violation of human rights constitutes a breach of the State's international obligations, it is far from always being so serious as to be regarded as an international crime de lege lata or de lege ferende, or even simply as a breach of an obligation erga omnes.
A. Main reasons for concluding bilateral investment treaties
295. The Committee is concerned that the information provided on the situation of women in areas of armed conflict reflects a limited understanding of the problem.
379. The Committee observes with satisfaction that the civil, civil procedure and penal codes have been modified in order to facilitate proceedings with regard to violence against women in the family, including marital rape.
Finally, another major barrier to the development of exports of health services was found to be restrictions to the movement of natural persons.
(a) Restore General Assembly resolution 50/84 as a legislative mandate of subprogramme 1.7 (new subprogramme 1.6), Question of Palestine;
In that connection, he welcomed the initiative taken by the Secretary-General to recommend to the Security Council the establishment of a United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti (MIPONUH) with a mandate to assist the national authorities by supporting and contributing to the professionalization of the Haitian National Police.
The Committee urges that an alternative source of financing be sought for this very important publication and that the matter be brought to the attention of the Publication Board of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
1. Except as provided in rule 5 (4) (ii), decisions of the Sub—Commission shall be made by a majority of the members present and voting.
"11. Further requests the Secretary-General to exercise utmost discipline in financial management to ensure compliance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, including rule 114.1 on personal responsibility and financial liability", by the following text:
The definition includes all staff aged 60 or older with a permanent appointment (or for staff joining the Organization after 1 January 1990, aged 62), who separated under the administrative action of retirement.
In the US, the ERP is much higher for footwear of plastic, rubber or textiles than for leather shoes.
1. Article 1 of the statute of the International Civil Service Commission (ICSC), approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 3357 (XXIX) of 18 December 1974, provides that:
II. INTERNATIONAL CONVENTION ON THE ELIMINATION OF ALL FORMS OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
The Committee resumed consideration of the item and the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Adel Abdellatif (Egypt), introduced draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.46, submitted by him on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.5.
5. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women - Pre-sessional Working Group [General Assembly resolutions 45/124, 47/94 and 51/68]
83. Some Commission members noted that since the German/United States comparison was based on a total compensation comparison, if net salaries were to be compared separately then some of the social security aspects would also need to be compared separately.
(e) Guidelines on national fiscal, economic and legal measures which have an impact on biodiversity;
6. She stressed that, with the two annual sessions of the Committee, which would strengthen its visibility and allow greater opportunities for clear elaboration of the obligations of the Convention, the possibilities for full implementation were enhanced.
The Standing Council shall be presided over by the Secretary-General of la Francophonie.
– Legal agreements against money-laundering;
We have the honour to transmit herewith a copy of the joint statement of Seyyed Mohammad Khatami, President of the Islamic Republic of Iran, and Saparmurat Niyazov, President of Turkmenistan, on issues relating to the Caspian Sea, signed at Tehran on 8 July 1998.
13. With regard to the 34 staff members serving at offices away from Headquarters, of the total overpayment of $148,154.50, an amount of $81,263.19 has been recovered. The balance of $66,891.31 remains outstanding.
21. Two new posts (one P-4 and one General Service) are requested by the Secretary-General for the Investigation Section of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
On the other hand, issues related to human resources management would require the collection and analysis of large amounts of data pertaining to specific aspects of conditions of employment of the common system staff.
2. Several arguments were put forward in favour of the proposition, supporting the view that FDI liberalization and competition policy were complementary or closely linked to each other and that competition policy was essential for reaping the benefits of liberalization for growth and welfare.
The investments needed to bring a fish processing plant up to the standards of a HACCP plan are substantial, and many companies, especially in developing countries, are of the view that the implementation of the new regulations on fishery products is de facto a non-tariff measure against processed products originating in developing countries.
21. The present cost estimates represent a 2 per cent increase, in gross terms, in relation to the previous estimate.
(a) The Security Council should conduct its business in a public format open to all Member States of the United Nations;
These attacks are not generally denied by the Iranian Government which describes them rather as legitimate self-defence measures.
Experts encouraged Governments to address this problem.
“23.8 In keeping with the Secretary-General’s emphasis on building a system-wide culture of communications and on placing the communications and information functions at the heart of the strategic management of the Organization, a second objective of the subprogramme will be building partnerships within the Secretariat and the common system.
The executive summary of the report was presented by the Ethiopian chapter of ANPPCAN to the United Nations Committee on the Rights of the Child.
4. Since its establishment in 1946, the Court has had to deal with 76 disputes between States and 22 requests for an advisory opinion.
In this connection, the Committee recommends that UNDCP's financial rules contain a provision to this effect.
It is estimated that between 6,000 and 8,000 children, most between the ages of 10 and 17, have been forcibly taken from their schools, homes and villages since the group began its systematic abductions approximately five years ago.
Letter dated 20 August 1998 from the Chargé d'affaires a.i.
Inclusive of different social actors/stakeholders, exploring their synergies and building partnerships (rather than acting individually or in parallel).
As the Field Administration and Logistics Division and the Procurement Division informed the Headquarters Committee on Contracts that they needed five months to complete the technical evaluation and other internal review processes, the contract was extended for a fourth time up to June 1996.
As shown in paragraph 16 below, the Advisory Committee recommends acceptance of this estimate.
Income is now recognized for financial statement purposes only when an assessment to Member States has been authorized by the Assembly.
10. The Security Council authorized the deployment of United Nations military observers to monitor the demilitarization of the Prevlaka peninsula in its resolution 779 (1992).
While in general agreement with the recommendation, some ACC members recall that the report itself states that, in view of the distinct character of each of the organizations of the system, it would be counterproductive to call for the same internal oversight model for all organizations.
In this regard, the State party may want to call on Governments and experts in other countries which may also have experience in dealing with this problem.
Any signatory or Party to this Protocol not included in Annex I may, at any time, notify the Depositary that it has opted to be bound by this Article.
As for the police, international police monitoring and training in Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia have been helpful, but much progress in professionalizing the police still needs to be made.
Maintenance of international security – prevention of the violent disintegration of States
As stipulated in rule 146 of the rules of procedure, a retiring member is eligible for immediate re-election.
In that regard, the Committee welcomed the signing, on 23 October 1998, of the Wye River Memorandum and expressed the hope that it would clear the way for further progress in the Israeli-Palestinian peace negotiations.
The Symposium drew attention to the increasing significance of international migration and its importance for development, as delineated in chapter X of the Programme of Action.
(a) Identify potential sources of financing from bilateral donors, the United Nations system, multilateral financial institutions, regional and subregional financial mechanisms, and non-governmental organizations, foundations and other private sector entities, and establish relationships and maintain contacts with them.
The Special Rapporteur’s reports have focused on the fact that these companies view security as just another commodity, subject to the laws of the market, and have no compunction about replacing the State in its security and law and order functions, in exchange for juicy contracts and a share in economic, mining and petroleum operations and a variety of services in the hiring country.
In choosing the material, the minimum design temperature shall be taken into account with respect to risk of brittle fracture, to hydrogen embrittlement, to stress corrosion cracking and to resistance to impact. When fine grain steel is used, the guaranteed value of the yield strength shall be not more than 460 N/mm2 and the guaranteed value of the upper limit of the tensile strength shall be not more than 725 N/mm2 in accordance with the material specifications.
(d) To refrain from engaging in any act or practice of discrimination against women and to ensure that public authorities and institutions shall act in conformity with this obligation;
Liability and war-risk insurance (total costs) (b) Fixed-wing aircraft
Report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti (S/1997/832 and Add.1)
In that regard, he/she is directly accountable to the Secretary-General through the United Nations Security Coordinator.
Welcoming the successful restructuring of the Institute and the recent progress made by the Institute in its various programmes and activities, including the improved cooperation that has been established with other organizations of the United Nations system and with regional and national institutions,
It also stressed the importance of data and information collection, as well as the development of appropriate indicators in order to monitor progress, difficulties encountered and benchmarks established for future action in the various areas covered by the Convention.
Italy was nominated for a term beginning on the date of election and expiring on 31 December 1999.
102. More than at any previous time in history, human rights today articulate the goals of the international community and confirm its commitments to ensuring a life of dignity for all people.
The members of the Joint Consultative Group on Policy, consisting of UNDP, UNFPA, UNICEF and WHO, have worked in close collaboration with the World Bank, other United Nations agencies and donors.
6. Over the years, the United Nations has established the developed system of internal controls, most of which dovetail with the spirit and the letter of the INTOSAI Guidelines.
For example, paragraph 81 and page 75, respectively, of the support budget report, indicate for the current biennium the processing of 1,200 allotments and allocation advices, 800 reviews of quarterly expenditure reports, and 300 travel authorizations, among others.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/52/SR.62, 63 and 68).
Under-Secretary, Ministry of Law and Justice.
Member of the Association des Femmes Juristes et des Magistrats pour la primauté de droit (Association of Women Lawyers and Judicial Officers for the Rule of Law)
34. The security situation has exacerbated already difficult conditions for the rural population, in particular in the north-west.
It shall make all decisions necessary for the proper functioning of the Agency and its principal functions shall be:
Developed countries are generally familiar with the concept of voluntary EMS standards.
Comprehensive collection of United Nations documents and publications in all official languages
Questions for consideration for which no advance documentation has been requested
6. The international trading scene was characterized by a process of continuous trade negotiations at the multilateral, regional and subregional levels, as well as by the rapid expansion of trade flows.
44. For 1999 the Prosecutor has requested, with regard to the revised estimates for 1998, nine teams in the Prosecution Division (six trial teams and three trial preparation teams).
192. Ad Hoc Committee of the General Assembly for the Announcement of Voluntary Contributions to the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees [General Assembly resolution 1729 (XVI)]
140. History has shown that the huge present-day inequalities between developed and poor countries are the result of centuries of plundering and exploitation during which civilizations, social structures and indigenous modes of production were destroyed and during which the ecosystems of Africa, America and Asia were pillaged.
I have asked the United Nations Resident Coordinator, currently the UNDP Resident Representative, to coordinate this effort, in order to facilitate the continuity of the process.
They acknowledged that the success of the FEMM process depended on effective implementation of the Action Plan by member Governments.
The European Union has repeatedly and unreservedly condemned the acts of terrorism which the Algerian people have suffered for so long.
It noted that such requests were often received fairly late and had to be considered with only partial information available.
In the Special Committee’s report of 7 May 1996 (A/51/130), the Secretariat was requested to keep Member States informed with regard to the development and composition of the rapidly deployable headquarters team, following the Special Committee’s recommendation of the previous year.
In practice, they may request their suppliers: (a) to comply with specific environmental requirements; (b) to have an EMS; (c) to have a certified EMS.
8. The financial crisis, initially confined to Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia and the Philippines, started to spread to a number of other emerging markets.
6. During the reporting period UNLB continued to maintain two mission start-up kits in a state of readiness for deployment at short notice, and the satellite communications relay system was enhanced and updated to provide end-users with greater data and information-sharing capability.
Some speakers noted with appreciation that the Secretary-General intended to strengthen the working arrangements among the Department of Peacekeeping Operations, the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the Department of Public Information.
The time had come to reassess individual national approaches to poverty alleviation.
33. The Special Rapporteur continues to receive numerous substantiated reports from a wide variety of sources indicating that the practice of forced labour remains widespread.
Finland and Ukraine joined the list of co-sponsors of the draft resolution.
The following new paragraph (g) should be added:
26. Several of the projects supported during 1998 by the Trust Fund in Support of Actions to Eliminate Violence against Women, administered by UNIFEM, have concerned measures to address trafficking in women and girls.
In response to this request, the secretariat has developed a note, on the basis of a report by WMO, for consideration by the SBSTA (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/8).
The staff member shall comply promptly with any direction or request under this rule;
The Secretary of State, Madeleine Albright, recognized that the understanding significantly advanced the goals supported by the Helms-Burton Act, thereby reaffirming that the United States Government is trying to legitimize the provisions of the Act by means of subterfuge, contrary to international law.
30. The provisions contained within the present Guidelines are without prejudice to the provisions of any other international instrument or national law which ensures the enjoyment of all human rights as they relate to the practice of forced evictions.
4. Paragraphs 6 to 13 of document A/53/327 outline the impact the judgement could have on a number of General Assembly resolutions, the placement and promotion process and the appointment and promotion bodies.
The Special Rapporteur regrets, however, that he has not been able to consider for the present report crucial materials from the Serbian Ministry of Internal Affairs, since that ministry has neither responded to inquiries nor provided information promised during the Special Rapporteur’s discussion with the republican minister on 6 April 1998.
Assumed rate of real return (Millions of United States dollars)
Although the quality of the software and the knowledge of United Nations staff at Headquarters should facilitate implementation, difficulties are to be expected in view of the volume and complexity of the tasks to be undertaken.
The Committee also recommends that further efforts, both financial and human, such as the development of counselling services for both adolescents and their families, be undertaken for the prevention and care of adolescent health problems and for the rehabilitation of victims.
Allegations such as "group rapes by Eritrean fighters", "the wanton shooting of Ethiopians who wanted to leave in Adi Quala" and "Sixty Ethiopians died of asphyxiation in Assab after being locked in a container" are quite untrue and are clearly designed to incite anti-Eritrean feeling among the Ethiopian populace.
In this connection, I am including preliminary provisions in the forthcoming report on the proposed 1999 programme budget for UNSMA, which will include its new staffing table and other pertinent details.
The transport sector - the fastest growing emission source - contributed about 50 per cent of total emissions of non-methane volatile organic compounds (NMVOC) and accounted for roughly 40 per cent of nitrogen oxide (NOx ) and over a quarter of carbon monoxide (CO) emissions.
18. Industrialization of the least developed countries.
This recommendation is being carried out in the framework of General Assembly resolutions on “Objective information on military matters, including transparency of military expenditures” in accordance with a standardized instrument of reporting developed in 1980.
The spectrum of policies and measures employed by reporting Parties includes economic instruments, particularly taxes, regulations, information, education and raising public awareness.
5. Furthermore, Article 1.1(c) and (d) of the Berlin Mandate state that:
Targeted operations and profiling techniques
4. North Africa and the Middle East: sector, execution modality and location by source of funding, 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 26
152. At the 44th meeting, on 28 July, the Council adopted draft decision I, entitled “Activities of the Consultative Group for the International Year of Older Persons”, recommended by the Commission for Social Development (E/1998/26, chap. I, sect. A).
Many rebel Congolese soldiers who deserted in horror at this massacre were executed.
The Administration also attributed the weakness in the procurement system in part to inadequate staffing of the Section.
The Chief Civil Affairs Officer will oversee all political matters related to the implementation of the Mission and represents the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in negotiations and consultations with other parties.
23 Personnel matters: United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund 13
The Office of Human Resources Management has commenced the compilation of a skills inventory of staff on a computerized database.
The ITC Publications Board is reviewing the question of the press run for publications and has taken steps to reduce the number of copies of language versions in lower demand.
Except as otherwise provided in this Protocol, the provisions of the Convention relating to its protocols shall apply to this Protocol.
Having examined the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties,
3. From 20 to 23 March 1998, the Special Rapporteur participated in the work of the fifty-fourth session of the Commission on Human Rights, at which he presented a written report on the situation relating to racism and racial discrimination in the world (E/CN.4/1998/79) and an oral report on his recent visit to South Africa.
76. The Government of Norway reports that for the first time in history a separate integrated Sami curriculum has been designed for the compulsory education system (primary and lower secondary school).
The General Assembly may wish to note that that change was subsequently introduced to the text of the agreement between the United Nations and the Foundation.
The General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council and the Commission on Narcotic Drugs have all adopted resolutions endorsing the Comprehensive Multidisciplinary Outline and emphasizing the need to pay increasing attention to demand reduction.
For traders in developing countries and SMEs, improved trade efficiency was vital.
Government revenues reached LL 3,753 billion, which was LL 347 billion less than planned.
151. The Special Representative, in accordance with his mandate, has maintained contact with the Government and people of Cambodia.
Through that instrument, States members of the Subcommission also renewed their commitment to combat the multidimensional aspects of illicit drug trafficking.
In September 1995, UNCHS (Habitat) sponsored a ministerial meeting in Barbados which, inter alia, examined the complexities of human settlement issues in small island States.
392. The Committee notes that the report does not describe cases where the Convention has been used to support claims for women’s human rights.
In four settlements, buyers would be able to choose from another 180 homes, ranging in size from 110 square metres to 170 square metres and priced up to $110,000.
In today’s world, to assist in implementing the confidence-building measures decided upon by the countries members of the Committee is to contribute effectively to efforts aimed at restoring and building peace in Central Africa.
Today’s expatriate had access to instant worldwide communication, permitting access to a host of home country information and contact with relatives and others.
Visitors were welcomed by the community and given explanations about the city’s different quarters.
(a) Consultant work by an ILO expert for a programme on capacity-building for negotiations between the Government and its social partners;
3. Preparatory Committee for the 2000 Review Conference on the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty
The Subsidiary Body for Implementation will, with input from the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice as appropriate, have responsibilities for assisting the Conference of the Parties in the assessment and review of the effective implementation of the Convention with respect to the development and transfer of technology.
During the meeting, many references were made to the need for policy coherence and partnership at all levels, but particularly between the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions.
(c) Implementation of recommendations adopted at the Seventh Meeting of HONLEA, Latin America and the Caribbean, held at Havana from 9 to 13 October l995, will be reviewed at the Eighth Meeting, currently scheduled for the second half of 1997;
Executive head Mr. D. J. Goossen (Netherlands)
51. Reorientation of policies and systemic changes to adjust to prevailing conditions in the EU and facilitating access to the EU, as well as follow-up to the Uruguay Round agreements, are other areas where member countries have requested technical support.
12. Community-based management mechanisms will be required to ensure that land-use decisions are respected and observed.
26.4 In addition to lower demand, outputs in the areas of reproduction and distribution reflect the results achieved by means of deliberate actions aimed at reducing the volume of printed material.
Currently emphasis is being given to payroll reporting in order also to fully support the testing of this part of the application.
b) the evaluation parameters and remarks contained in Annex 1.B (NAP formulation) should be applied as well to the formulation of subregional and regional action plans, mutatis mutandis;
The representative of Fiji made a statement in explanation of vote.
The frequency and intensity of airspace violations are a further reminder of Turkey's offensive disregard of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and all the relevant decisions of the Organization on the question of Cyprus.
A continuing stream of regular budget receipts enabled the Organization to stay in a positive cash position until August, when it became necessary once again to borrow from peacekeeping funds.
To assist the Commission in its tasks as preparatory body for the special session of the General Assembly (section IV, paragraphs 2 and 6)
At its 2nd plenary meeting on 30 September, the Conference began its consideration of the item and heard presentations by Mr. Clifford Lincoln, Member of Parliament of Canada, by Mr. Ramon Luis Valcarcel, President of the Region of Murcia, Spain, and by Mr. Wieghard Hardtl, State Secretary of the Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development of Germany and Mrs. Baerbel Dieckmann, Lord Mayor of Bonn.
On the other hand, such schemes may lead to the defection of public doctors to the private sector.
For the recommendations formulated by the working groups and approved by the plenary, see chapter I, section B.
115. In some developed countries, particularly in Europe, restructuring and economic policies should be expressly aimed at improving the fate of deprived fringe groups such as invalids, migrants and the members of ethnic minorities, while ensuring a full participation by these groups in the economic, political and social life of the nation.
On 27 October 1993, the Permanent Representative of Burundi requested the inclusion of an item entitled “The situation in Burundi” in the agenda of the General Assembly.
The Board recommends that since the integrated library management system project has been considerably delayed from the time the General Assembly authorized it during the biennium 1992-1993 the Administration should ensure that its full implementation is achieved without further delay.
58. It must be remembered that not every violation of human rights entails the responsibility of States under international law, since not every such violation constitutes a breach of an international obligation (such as the act of a private person).
20. The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 9 of the budget report and section II of the report of the Secretary-General to the Security Council on UNIFIL (S/1998/53) that some of the increases in the budget result from changes in the political situation in the area of operation of the mission.
20. The Democratic Republic of the Congo is covered by the ECA Subregional Development Centre for Eastern Africa based in Kigali (temporarily housed at ECA in Addis Ababa).
(a) requests the COP at its first session to consider the offers of the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), including any suggestions they deem necessary, and to take appropriate action on the matters related to the selection of an institution to house the Global Mechanism; and
An alternative development project in Xieng Khouang, formulated in March 1998, will be a joint effort involving UNICEF, the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Volunteers, UNFPA, the World Food Programme, ILO, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and the International Fund for Agricultural Development.
453. Technological innovations in nearshore mineral survey were prompted by a need for speeding up analysis, reacting to feedbacks and maintaining confidentiality of information that is sensitive for share markets.
Overall, it is considered that strengthening the system-wide gender perspective remains an item of unfinished business of coordination.
(c) International contractual personnel —
Trust Fund for Development Planning and Projections
One of these memoranda also aims to provide opportunities for short-term exchange of professional staff between the Programme and the institution concerned.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of those chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council allocat-ed to the Fifth Committee.
An informal presentation will be given by Mr. Kemal Dervis, Vice-President, Middle East and North Africa Regional Office (World Bank) on “The Middle East and North Africa: Issues and Lessons from the World Economy” on Thursday, 23 October 1997, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
Today, up to 90 per cent of conflict casualties around the world are civilians, a large and increasing number of these are children and women.
The local police failed to provide security for the returnees, necessitating the intervention of the Multinational Specialized Unit of the Stabilization Force, a new specialized riot-control unit.
(e) The accounts of the Organization are presented in United States dollars.
Related information is presented in detail in annex V to the present report.
At the same time, two military helicopters violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus.
118. The Committee urges the Government of Croatia to take the necessary steps to incorporate the participation of non-governmental organizations in the preparation of the country’s next report to the Committee.
Romania, the Russian Federation and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, with an average weight of approximately 2.5 kilograms, also recorded much higher average seizure weights than those in west European countries.
In turn, the results of the joint meetings of the representatives of the conferences of the parties to the conventions would be brought to the attention of UNEP’s Governing Council, and to the Commission on Sustainable Development as appropriate.
To translate these priorities into an operational framework, the actions listed below, developed with full participation of the staff of the Department, are being undertaken or will be undertaken shortly.
On the proposal of the Chairman, the Committee decided, without a vote, to recommend to the General Assembly that it take note of the report of the Secretary-General and concur with the observations and recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
It lists areas where drugs may be concealed and notes areas where drugs have been found on board ships.
At the same time however, these institutions also have an obligation to make their work both relevant and accessible to the United Nations community.
In more recent missions, such as the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic, the Council (without reference to Chapter VII) has affirmed that the mission may be required to take action to assure its security and freedom of movement.
The project is community-based, and benefits groups of women already involved in income-generating activities by guaranteeing a loan to improve the profitability of their activity.
In the introduction in chapter I, I have provided a summary of developments in the context of UNRWA operations in Jordan, Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic, and the West Bank and Gaza Strip, emphasizing that the Agency was forced yet again to continue the imposition of austerity measures Agency-wide.
These are first positive steps towards the establishment of an environmental database for the region.
At 2235 hours the Lahad militia fired a number of 120-mm mortar shells at Mazra`at Uqmata from its position on Sujud hill.
Views were also expressed that, in accordance with established practice based on Assembly resolution 41/213, the outline would be recosted once the costing parameters of the first performance report for the current biennium had been reviewed by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions and submitted to the Fifth Committee.
It intends to review possible indicators and begin collecting baseline data in 1998.
The General Assembly shall invite such bodies as it sees fit, including the Joint Inspection Unit, to perform ad hoc external evaluations and to report on them. 7.4.
By the end of 1996, 24 countries had undertaken to provide the ground component.
B. Employing modern information technology
It took note of the plans of the secretariat to make use of the roster for preparing reports on technology and technology transfer by, inter alia, the seventh session.
“(e) Freedom of movement within, as well as to and from, the country, including for representatives of political parties and non-governmental organizations”;
13. Encourages Non-Self-Governing Territories to take steps to establish and/or strengthen disaster preparedness and management institutions and policies;
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the report of the Secretary-General on standards of accommodation for air travel, covering the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 (A/53/498).
This service was not utilized during the period from 1 January to 31 December 1997.
The Commission considered that it had moved far beyond the declarations of principle that had already been enunciated, and that its role was to support and analyse progress made.
357. The participation by observers in the deliberations of the Committee enriches and strengthens the work of the Committee.
On the basis of the report of Mr. Shibata, the AGBM, at its 5th meeting, on 7 March, adopted text on elements related to institutions and mechanisms and any other clauses for inclusion in the negotiating text.
1. In his report (A/52/837) the Secretary-General requested 469 temporary support account posts for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 which, compared with the staffing table of 346 posts during the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, reflects the establishment of 20 new posts, the deletion of three posts and the conversion of 106 positions formally occupied by gratis personnel officers into temporary support account posts.
I have, therefore, offered to discuss all aspects of the security situation prevailing in the region with India as an integral part of our bilateral dialogue.
In this regard, the value of a "rule based" approach to prevention was underscored, as it makes efforts to avoid conflicts more effective as well as more acceptable to the international community.
In a rapidly changing global trade environment, customs authorities face many challenges rought about by external sources over which it has little or no control.
The consultation mechanism worked well during the preparation of cooperation programmes of United Nations agencies present in the Comoros.
96. A joint statement contained as an annex to a letter from the Permanent Representatives of both Bulgaria and Turkey to the United Nations was communicated to the Secretary-General on 20 January 1998 (A/52/774) regarding the above-mentioned Agreement between the two countries.
As a result, the sales policy of the organization for publications, has not been formulated and established.
Fewer than nine Governments made over 90 per cent of the voluntary contributions to the Fund of UNDCP.
“Also considering it necessary to prevent the misuse or exploitation of information resources or technologies for criminal or terrorist purposes,
PRINCIPLE 15. ADMINISTRATIVE MEASURES RELATING TO ARCHIVE INVENTORIES
4. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session an item entitled “Sustainable development and international cooperation: implementation of the commitments and policies agreed upon in the Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries, and implementation of the International Development Strategy for the Fourth United Nations Development Decade”.
43. In September, Belgrade court and police officials finally implemented the long-standing court decision in favour of pensioner Vojka Kukolj.
Facilitation of implementation 2,005.2 and coordination
Visits to the IAEA research centre in Seibersdorf and to the Prater reactor were organized, and relevant documentary films illustrating the work of IAEA were also shown.
"The legitimate needs of the developing countries for the achievement of sustained economic growth and the eradication of poverty, recognizing also that all Parties have a right to, and should, promote sustainable development ... ".
First, such investment would allow incomes and aggregate demand to increase, thereby raising the rate of existing capacity utilization.
13. Before the adoption of operative paragraph 26, the representative of the Syrian Arab Republic made a statement, and the representative of India made a statement in explanation of vote; after the adoption of paragraph 26 the representative of Cuba made a statement in explanation of vote (see A/C.3/53/SR.49).
A/52/415 (Offers by Member States of grants and scholarships for higher education, including vocational training, for Palestine refugees).
So we do not intend to devote a single minute of our future meeting to the painful negotiation of a final text.
This four-day seminar was held in several provinces.
It is expected that the project will next be implemented in Côte d’Ivoire and Ghana.
∙ financial data on environmental costs (energy, waste, remediation, staffing, exceptional charges and write downs, fines and penalties, green taxes paid, capital investment)
The Special Representative urged the international community to employ its collective influence to ensure the observance, by parties to a conflict, of international norms for the protection of children, and to actively facilitate the achievement of political settlements.
As a result, there was an increase in the coverage of basic social services and an improvement in regional and local economic and social infrastructure.
The Administration informed the Board that the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda judges raised with the Secretary-General their concerns over the disparity in the salaries paid to them as compared with the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia judges.
14. While the Secretary-General has, in the past, conducted investigations of alleged use of chemical weapons and of alleged violations by some States parties of the Biological Weapons Convention, the Organization is not in a position to make a definitive judgement on these reports of alleged use.
States should be encouraged to take international and regional measures and to reduce the necessity for entry visas on temporary visits.
The gender distribution of staff on geographical appointments by departments depicts a similar pattern (table 2).
Although Walwal had fallen within the Ethiopian side of the boundary with Italian Somaliland, the Italians had profited from lax Ethiopian administrative control to take hold of the place which was valued for its wells.
Within the country, there are concerns about escalating ethnic and religious differences.
The experience of ad hoc open-ended working groups has proved their undoubted value in the sense that they enable broad-based and in-depth consultations to take place on different topics and facilitate the implementation of the consensus decisions that result.
It also notes with satisfaction the recent establishment of a National Council for Women and Child Development and of a Child and Women Development Section in the National Planing Commission Secretariat.
As expected cash income for 1998 would fall far short of the $314 million regular budget for the year, the Agency was obliged to carry forward all austerity measures previously implemented, including those announced in August 1997 and not rescinded.
(g) Training in IMIS and Release 1 at Beirut for the implementation of Release 1.
(d) Investigating the possibility of extending the provisions of the 1988 Convention, article 3, to non-scheduled chemical substances (see paragraph 32 above);
Fr = fraction of tank directly heated (1 if non-insulated, 0.01 if insulated) [-]
Following statements by the representatives of Turkey, Algeria and Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), the Com-mittee adopted the draft resolution by a recorded vote of 97 to none, with 57 abstentions.
By 116 votes to 0, with 51 abstentions (recorded vote), the General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 7 of its report (A/52/598) (resolution 52/36).
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-second Session, Supplement No. 38 (A/52/38/Rev.1), part II, para. 469.
The approach should comprise measures for strengthening internal security, arms collection and destruction, the creation of social and economic opportunities including training and education of former combatants for their reintegration into civil society.
Bearing in mind the emergence of the new environment, the study commences with an examination of the tasks of independent development, followed by an analysis of the macroeconomics of sustainable growth as well as issues related to structural transformation.
In 1995, reported seizures were 13 per cent lower than the 1994 figure of 291 tonnes.
MNC/L Mouvement National Congolais/Lumumba
Some of the principles already agreed by consensus within the Disarmament Commission are relevant and could usefully be drawn on.
561. Finally, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the initial report and written replies presented by Panama be made widely available to the public at large and that the publication of the report be considered, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
As already noted, the share of overall ODA in the GNP of the 21 DAC countries has fallen to its lowest level ever.
228. On 8 March, Defence Ministry sources dismissed Palestinian claims that they had uncovered a clandestine arms factory in the Gaza Strip.
2. On 15 May 1998, the Secretary-General addressed a note verbale to the Minister for Foreign Affairs of the State of Israel, in which he requested, in view of his reporting responsibilities under the resolution, that the Minister inform him of any steps his Government had taken or envisaged taking concerning the implementation of the relevant provisions of the resolution.
Letter dated 28 May 1998 from the Prime Minister
13 Conclusions of a round-table discussion on modern-day piracy organized by the Seamens Church Institute and the Maritime Law Association of the United States.
83. The Committee expresses its profound concern that detained persons of Arab ethnic origin are disproportionately subjected to inhuman and degrading interrogation under the Landau Commission rules and that the Supreme Court has failed to declare this illegal.
HUMAN RIGHTS QUESTIONS: HUMAN RIGHTS QUESTIONS, INCLUDING
Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia
Fourthly, the capacity of United Nations agencies and other humanitarian organizations to provide security for their staff must be strengthened.
These new violations, which occurred on the eve of renewed efforts to achieve a solution to the Cyprus problem, constitute provocative actions which expose once more the blackmailing attitude of Turkey and are a testament to that country's systematic disregard of the norms of international law.
Such countries generally have a number of defining characteristics.
Under such a system, overheads are linked to different parts of the production process in order to allow for a better understanding of the relevant costs.
This was typical in Latin American countries then under dictatorial regimes.
The seminar contributed to triggering a change in the national recovery strategy.
73. The generic categories of environmental performance indicators identified by James and Bennett (1994) provide perhaps a useful synthesis of the current approach to monitoring, measuring and reporting environmental performance.
17. The backlog project has been completed successfully within budget and within the anticipated time-frame, however it should be noted that the activities undertaken under the backlog budget were not limited to the clearance of the backlog inventory of ex-mission equipment from UNOSOM, UNAMIR and ONUMOZ, but also embraced activities of the logistics facility as a whole.
15. Attempts to reverse the process of globalization in order to check its negative manifestations, such as the volatility of short-term capital flows, could prolong or exacerbate the problems, adding to the costs stemming from globalization instead of containing them.
These ten countries were: China, India, Indonesia, Bangladesh, Pakistan, Egypt, Tanzania, Nepal, the Russian Federation, and Kenya.
The Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA) introduced his report (A/52/13).
We will work together towards further enhanced market access for their exports within the context of supporting their own efforts at capacity-building.
These supplies were provided in connection with the establishment of eight weapons storage areas.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the items are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/52/SR.54 and 58).
The notification will be copied to Diplomatic Missions in Bonn and Permanent Missions in Geneva.
In addition, information from other sources as enumerated in the guidelines was taken into account.
The Aetna plan is the most costly, while being only the third largest.
73 The Programme was adopted pursuant to resolution LC.55(SM) concerning technical cooperation and assistance activities related to the London Convention, 1972, which was adopted at the Special Meeting of Contracting Parties to Consider and Adopt the 1996 Protocol to the London Convention 1972, and also in response to the findings of the Global Waste Survey.
by the Committee at its fifty-second and fifty-third sessions 119
System-wide Special Initiative on Africa (SIA)
Since 1989, the United Nations has received over 140 requests for electoral assistance of some kind.
REPORT OF THE UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF PENSION BOARDThe present document is an advance version of the addendum to the report of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board.
77. Figure XII shows the regional breakdown of global heroin and morphine seizures from 1981 to 1995 and demonstrates clearly the trend from the late 1980s onwards: West Asia continues to be the main seizure region but the proportion of seizures made outside the main source and transit countries in Asia has continued to rise.
8. Adoption of the report of the Committee on its nineteenth session.
It had before it the following documents: FCCC/SBSTA/1997/10; FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.5 and FCCC/TP/1997/3.
The Committee is therefore of the view that, under the circumstances, the Covenant must be held applicable to the occupied territories and those areas of southern Lebanon and West Bekaa where Israel exercises effective control.
30. It was also suggested that the appropriateness, in some language versions, of the use of the expression "project consortium" should be reviewed, since that expression might be understood in a narrow sense in some legal systems (e.g. as a particular contractual arrangement).
Status reports by the Chairman of the Committee of the Whole and by officers entrusted with informal consultations.
The Media Division of the Department of Public In-formation produces documentary videos and television pro-grammes on the work and activities of the United Nations and its specialized agencies.
Consequently, its position remains consistent with its obligations under the Charter of the United Nations and international law with regard to the freedom of trade and navigation.
69. Over the last year, all information centres were provided with the very latest computer technology.
140. It was pointed out that the mandate of the Department was contained in General Assembly resolution 52/220.
Although the monitoring of performance of vendors/contractors was assigned to the Chief Administrative Officers of field missions in the contract documents prepared by the Procurement Division, no clear and direct reporting relationship on performance monitoring between the Division and field missions was established to enable assessments of the field missions to be considered in updating the Division's supplier roster database.
4.2.2.4 Certain non-refrigerated liquefied gases are chemically unstable. They are accepted for transport only when the necessary steps have been taken to prevent their dangerous decomposition, transformation or polymerization during transport.
As a first step, ACC addressed the need for financial resources to ensure that funds were available within each organization for security.
A first approach could include an agreement to adopt targets for a subsidy reduction, for instance 50 per cent by 2010.
The present report on space activities in Lebanon was prepared by the National Council for Scientific Research and is divided in two parts: (a) space-related activities in Lebanese economic sectors; (b) National Centre for Remote Sensing.
and the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988.Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol.
17. In its 1996–1997 budget submission, the Court proposed the conversion of seven temporary posts to permanent posts, to obtain more secretaries (though still not a secretary for each judge), a finance assistant for the installation, maintenance and management of computer systems, and translators and clerk-typists.
UNDCP's fund balance will sharply decline to $22,682,900 by the end of 1999 (E/CN.7/1997/9, table 11).
Any additional replies will be compiled and submitted as addenda to the present report.
III. Conference room paper submitted by the Bureau of the Open-ended Working Group: working methods of the Security Council, transparency of its work, as well as its decision-making process
93. Sustainable development and international economic cooperation (P.96):
He emphasized that ITU was attached to the 1954 text, which, although it had not been legally incorporated into the Union's staff regulations and rules, had been published and circulated to all members with a preface from the Secretary-General calling upon them to abide by it fully.
When those limitations do not exist, the currencies are considered by UNICEF as “unrestricted” because these are fully convertible.
The team noted that emissions from the waste sector are expected to rise if the levels of waste is increasing with rising incomes, but this could be offset by the introduction of waste minimization and treatment policies.
Attention was furthermore drawn to the fact that international crimes could be perpetrated by States not only on the orders of their Governments but also pursuant to the decisions of other branches of the State, namely, the legislature and the judiciary.
Full reimbursement in accordance with the standard rates established by the General Assembly for troop costs has been made to that Government for the period ending 30 June 1996.
Should a Government rely heavily on its customs administration for the collection of revenue or for the enforcement of protectionist policies, it could seriously hamper any efforts made by that customs administration not to pose an obstacle to legitimate trade.
Under staff rule 200.1, project personnel are appointed under the 200 series for technical assistance projects, which, by definition, are not part of the continuing essential functions of the Organization calling for a core of career staff.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 49.
The respect for the principles of the Charter and international law is also a basic objective underlying all activities of UNDCP and its dealings with States.
It may also be that products obtained at the Semipalatinsk test site are radioactively contaminated.
The multiplication of joint or harmonized initiatives at the country level and the promotion of UNDAF have created a momentum to make further progress in this area.
The mechanisms are predicated on decisions by managers being:
Another example is the case of structural adjustment programmes whose consequences are disastrous for the economies of the developing countries.
Promotion of contacts between firms in developing countries and developed countries was considered essential for laying the foundations for such relationships.
150. As far as impact of the United Nations system at the country level is concerned, recipient governments have not reported evaluating of United Nations operational activities, although they are generally agreed that United Nations system operational activities contribute to their development.
4. At the 68th meeting, on 29 May, the representative of Argentina and coordinator of the informal consultations on item 116, on behalf of the Chairman, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Development Account" (A/C.5/52/L.56) and orally revised it by replacing operative paragraph 6, which had read:
Internationally agreed standards would enhance trade and comparability of care.
1987 - part-time lecturer at Asmara University.
Portugal, as a participant in the Global Environment Facility (GEF), made a contribution in 1994 to the GEF pilot phase of 4.5 million SDR (special drawing rights), or roughly US$ 6.5 million.
37. Finding the dividing line between the various categories of violations is fairly difficult because, all in all, the attempt to formulate criteria by which to assign such violations to one or another category has not been successful.
Technical assistance activities could identify sources for such information, and inter-firm networking may also be useful in this context.
United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan
“Recognizing that in the process of globalization, the marginalization of many developing countries and of disadvantaged groups of people have created constraints to the efforts to eradicate poverty,
Rotation was not a solution in this case.
UNCHS United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat)
The European Union commends its special representative, Glenys Kinnock, the Chief Election Observer, Ambassador Sven Linder, and all election observers for their courage and substantial contribution towards internationally acceptable standards for democratic elections.
Thousands of hectares of illicitly cultivated crops have been destroyed and laboratories have been dismantled by national drug law enforcement agencies, in some cases in cooperation with other Governments.
In the Russian Federation, where two thirds of drug abusers are reported to be under 30 years of age, officials calculate that the number of regular drug abusers will nearly double by the year 2000 to 3.5 million from the 2 million currently estimated.
He also noted that the proposed regulation on financial disclosure for the Assistant Secretary-General level and above would in ICAO concern only the Secretary-General himself since there were no other positions at those levels in the Organization.
25. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.32 without a vote (see para. 43, draft resolution I A, sect. VII).
A consultative meeting held at Beijing from 2 to 8 December 1996 developed guidelines for the validation of analytical methodology regarding methods for testing drugs and the methodology for the identification and analysis of opiates in seized material, which will be published in 1997.
In view of the expanded workload of the Tribunal, the Committee recognizes the need for additional support in the Registry, for example, for the Chambers, for security personnel and for various language services.
60. The Chairman of the Committee subsequently informed the Committee that on the basis of his consultations with the regional and other groups, he had been led to believe that Member States felt that they needed more time to study the documentation before the Committee and therefore wished to suspend the session to allow time for consultations.
The Board, at its 1996 session, having been provided with cost estimates by the Consulting Actuary and in the light of the Fund's continuing actuarial imbalance at that time, was unable to agree to recommend to the General Assembly approval of either of the FAFICS alternatives.
The Situation Centre therefore provides services to the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Humanitarian Affairs, and the Executive Office of the Secretary-General on the same basis that it serves DPKO, and continues to be managed within DPKO.
2. The Secretary-General wishes to reassure the General Assembly that he has mandated strict adherence to the regulations and rules governing the procurement process.
3. Also requests the Director-General to present a progress report on these consultations to the Industrial Development Board at its nineteenth session.
Such rights include: freedom of association, protection of private property, freedom to exercise any lawful profession, freedom to form coalitions, the human right to development, basic democratic rights and free access to the courts.
1992- Barrister, own law office in Warsaw.
7. Arrangements for intergovernmental meetings
“Bringing justice to the victims”, press kit backgrounder released in English and French in May
Item 125: Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara;
7. The decision on periodicity (CCPR/C/19/Rev.1) should be amended along the following lines:
the Republic of Korea on draft resolution L.37
In this way any duplication of efforts would be avoided and coordination of activities would be facilitated.
He held discussions with the local heads of UNICEF, UNHCR, WFP, WHO, ICRC and the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies, with members of the Kosovo Diplomatic Observer Mission and with international and local non-governmental organizations.
The penetration of foreign markets is being facilitated by the emergence of new forms of business organization such as health management organizations (HMOs), which have exercised downward pressure on health costs.
The Consultative Group meeting was also the occasion for the Palestinian Authority to present its first three-year rolling plan, the Palestinian Development Plan, 1998–2000, to the donor community.
In other words, by classifying a particular category of human rights violations as an international crime, we are emphasizing that any form which such violations may take is also an international crime.
871. The Committee notes with appreciation that, in accordance with article 32, paragraph 2 (a), of the Convention, article 15 of Act No. 90-11 of 21 April 1990 provides that the minimum age for employment is 16, with the only exception being apprenticeship contracts established in accordance with the law.
The team strongly recommended that attention be given to the projections in the next communication.
The most noteworthy in this context is the consensus achieved on resolutions concerning the right to development, both in the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights.
169. Children's birth registration should be given priority to ensure that every child is recognized as a person and enjoys his or her full rights.
29. The action to be taken by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-second session in connection with the financing of UNMOT is the appropriation and assessment on Member States of the additional amount of $11,920,100 gross ($11,540,700 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, inclusive of the amount of $9,452,700 gross ($9,193,300 net) authorized by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for the period from 16 November 1997 to 31 March 1998.
III. Unauthorized fishing in zones under the national jurisdiction of other States
I have also gone to witness suffering and deprivation on the ground by visiting refugee camps, even if I could not take up the many invitations from various Governments.
The present report has been prepared in response to a request contained in General Assembly resolution 52/194 of 18 December 1997.
Court officials, including prosecutors, confirmed to the Special Rapporteur that they have received no instructions on implementation of points 11 and 12, covering amnesty, of the Milosevic-Holbrooke agreement signed on 13 October.
Other actors, however, have also taken on an increasingly important role in shaping national and international agendas and policy dialogues.
Rukiqi made the remark after the judge had denied him his right as a defence attorney, guaranteed under the Law on Criminal Procedure, to unconditional review of court files relating to a client.
The mid-term review also called upon the international community to complement Africa’s efforts towards regional integration.
He stressed that the proposals of the Working Group had to be seen as a package, not a menu of proposals from which to pick and choose.
(a) IFAD's Special Programme for Sub-Saharan African Countries Affected By Drought and Desertification (described above).
The resources requested under this heading are based on the pattern of expenditure in the current biennium, which includes a resource growth of $4,900 before allowing for inflation.
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all respects, the financial position as at 31 December 1997 and the results of operations and cash flows for the period then ended in accordance with the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund's stated accounting policies set out in note 1 of the financial statements, which were applied on a basis consistent with that of the preceding financial period.
(c) Second United Nations International Conference on Spin-off Benefits of Space Technology, organized in cooperation with the International Society for Photogrammetry and Remote Sensing;
At the time of the Committee's session, the provisions of the Memorandum—Agreement on normalizing education were being elaborated, which was to be reflected in the conclusions.
It was also considered that the two-year cycle of the budget outline made it easier to take into account the latest legislative developments, which may affect priorities.
29. The Office agrees and will take measures to establish a systematic procedure for recording and reporting fraud.
Also bearing in mind Security Council resolution 1123 (1997) of 30 July 1997, by which the Council established the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti for a single four-month period,
Role of treaty bodies in identifying possibilities for technical assistance
There apparently have been cases, however, of retirees being hired on a non-local basis although they maintained a residence in New York at the time of recruitment.
In Lebanon, the Agency awarded 35 loans valued at $223,500 during the reporting period.
2.5 per cent 3.0 per cent Conclusion 30. The Board had an extensive discussion of the political, legal, financial and administrative implications of the decision to be taken on the application of ICITO to terminate its membership in the Fund, given the conditional aspects of the application and considering that the decision to terminate membership in UNJSPF rests exclusively with the General Assembly, acting on the affirmative recommendation of the Board.
B. Enhanced coordination and feedback between the global political process and the operational levels in the field
So, how can we foresee what we should do today and what future we should build for ourselves and for our children and grandchildren? This requires, apart from other things, an honest, open and sincere talk about difficulties, losses, mistakes and setbacks.
For this reason, OIOS believes that an equally broad definition of the term “retirees” is called for and that the six-month limitation provision should be applied on a wider basis, subject to any exceptions that may be authorized to cover the cases and conditions described in the reports referred to above by the Advisory Committee and the Secretary-General, respectively.
This must, de facto and legally, be interpreted as recognition of Saami ownership.
29. The representative of Luxembourg, speaking on behalf of the European Union, suggested with regard to the preparation of the Commission’s meetings that an information session be held for the member States three weeks before each meeting.
Individuals accused of involvement in the July fighting were actively sought.
The overall review and appraisal of the Habitat Agenda in the year 2001 (Istanbul + 5) will review progress made at national and local levels and will assess the appropriateness of mechanisms that have been established at national levels to coordinate and support the different activities set up by Governments at the national and local levels in cooperation with partners from civil society.
This dangerous policy of escalation and tension being pursued by the Greek-Greek Cypriot camp, coupled with the destruction of the existing parameters for a settlement, poses a clear threat to peace and stability on the island, and the region at large.
The uncontrolled expansion of neoliberalism is going to give rise to a new wave of controls.
(iii) with insulation (see 6.6.3.2.12) : 50 °C;
It recognizes in particular the instrumental role played by the community of non-governmental organizations and ICRC in raising public awareness of the landmine issue and addressing the needs of those at risk.
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Thailand, the Bahamas, Egypt, Indonesia, the Republic of Korea, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, the Russian Federation, China, India, Belgium (on behalf of the European Union and also on behalf of Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia, the Czech Republic, Cyprus and Liechtenstein), Romania, Ghana, the United States and the Sudan.
Under the chairmanship of the Minister of Health, the Committee for Children’s Rights is made up of representatives from all the ministries and non-governmental organizations.
In these efforts UNDCP is strongly encouraging the support of other development agencies of the United Nations system in order to provide sustainable infrastructures and raise the general development level of the areas concerned.
Noted that the information in progress report (FCCC/SBI/1996/5) on concrete measures taken by Annex II Parties to the Convention with respect to their commitments relating to the transfer of technology as called for in decision 13/CP/1, differed considerably in format, comprehensiveness and level of detail.
High-level Meeting on Integrated Initiatives 27-28 October
At 1230 hours the militia of the minion Lahad and Israeli forces fired artillery shells and directed bursts of fire at Mazra`at Umqata, areas along the Nab` al-Tasah, Jabal Safi and outlying areas of Mlikh from their positions on Sujud hill and in Zafatah, Razlan and Ksarat al-Urush.
The view was also expressed that the Special Committee was an appropriate body to undertake work on the issues dealt with in the proposal, particularly since many of them were of an entirely legal nature.
Adoption of this provision would strengthen the General Assembly’s oversight and review functions.
When a proposal has been adopted or rejected, it may not be reconsidered at the same session unless the Sub—Commission so decides.
1. Notes that Tokelau remains firmly committed to the development of self-government and to an act of self-determination that would result in Tokelau assuming a status in accordance with the options on future status for Non-Self-Governing Territories contained in principle VI of the annex to General Assembly resolution 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960;
The proposed centre would save on transportation costs by setting up virtual facilities for drafting and negotiating reports and other documents, conducting workshops and seminars, and accessing information on technical cooperation experts and individuals and institutions working in development fields via the Internet.
4. Also calls upon the nuclear-weapon States to pursue vigorously the reduction of reliance on non-strategic nuclear weapons and negotiations on their elimination as an integral part of their overall nuclear disarmament activities;
War destroyed the basis of the economic infrastructure, while the years of the embargo and prolonged deprivation have finished off anything that was missed by the Allies’ bombs during their random, blanket bombing of the whole of Iraq and their indiscriminate destruction of the majority of vital economic, cultural, humanitarian and religious installations.
The Government recognizes the need for a body to coordinate and promote the teaching of energy efficiency in schools.
A. Role and responsibilities of United Nations partners
At the competition, I headed the Ethiopian delegation and also served as a judge during the preliminary rounds.
Most notable were two regional memoranda that included commitments for cooperation in drug control matters by countries of both south-west and south-east Asia.
54. Some countries are struck by recurrent disasters of great magnitude.
5. According to paragraph 5 of the draft resolution contained in paragraph 32 of the addendum, the termination of the membership of ICITO is subject to receipt by the Secretary of the Board by 31 December 1998 of a written undertaking from WTO that it will hold the Fund harmless from any and all claims against the Fund arising from or relating to the termination of the membership of ICITO in the Fund.
(f) Expansion of trade in goods and services between the Palestinian territory, Jordan, Egypt and other trading partners: an initiative for subregional cooperation
Development of an information technology strategy
A week earlier, the Civil Administration demolished tin shacks and pens belonging to the Jahalin tribe and requested them to leave the site located east of Maaleh Adumim.
The detailed breakdown of the services included in the cost estimates and the services actually provided are shown in table 2 below.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/139).
UNDP, UNICEF, UNFPA, UNHCR, UNAIDS and the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean are all participating in the planning, launching and implementation of numerous activities, and different agencies are taking the lead for different aspects of the work.
The audit included a general review of financial systems and internal controls and a test examination of the accounting records and other supporting evidence to the extent the Board considered necessary to form an opinion on the financial statements.
2. International and local staff salaries.
130. The consultative process is an important aspect of the activities of ICSC.
41. An extended multi-city study being implemented jointly with the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe will involve strengthening the epidemiological research study of beneficiary countries and setting up a compatible methodology for the rapid assessment of drug abuse.
International Centre for Science and High Technology.
Other general comments which the Committee has agreed to prepare will deal with articles 2, 21 and 22.
(a) Staffing at offices away from Headquarters for implementation-related activities.
As in the previous year, no contingency provision was made in the budget but the Tribunal was authorized to transfer funds between appropriation sections to deal with cases which might arise during the budget period (see SPLOS/L.9, para. 3), on the understanding that if such transfer became necessary, the Tribunal would make a full report thereon to the Meeting of States Parties (see SPLOS/31, para. 25).
The estimate is based on the standard rate of $1,800 per person per year (pouch/postage ($200), telephone rental ($400), long-distance telephone($1,000) and local telephone ($200)) for 222 persons.
Fewer than one third were registered in the 59 refugee camps in the area of operations, most being intermingled with the indigenous population in towns and villages (see annex I, table 2).
f Effective 17 May 1997 Zaire was renamed Democratic Republic of the Congo.
The Committee welcomes the initiatives taken by this Commission in the sphere of education and information.
Except in the Americas, where the legally binding Inter-American Convention against the Manufacturing of and Trafficking in Firearms, Ammunition, Explosives and Other Related Materials has been adopted, it is high time that the recommended actions to combat the destabilizing circulation of and illicit traffic in small arms were considered by the international community as a whole and taken as a point of departure for negotiating a binding global convention.
As child and adolescent concerns become increasingly part of mainstream programming and protection activities, ARC will become incorporated into existing training programmes.
The UNEP policy on NGOs and other major groups was adopted specifically to facilitate support for groups active in such issues as desertification control, water and climate change.
The Commission met in more informal sessions than had been anticipated owing to the nature of the resolutions, a factor that could not have been foreseen prior to the convening of the International Conference.
(e) What are the linkages between the El Niño phenomenon, changes in regional precipitation and extreme weather events, on the one hand, and global warming, on the other hand?
The Governments of the States, and the intergovernmental organization, listed in annex I to the present decision,
The accused, who had been arrested in Kenya and transferred to the Tribunal's Detention Facility, both pleaded not guilty during their initial appearances before the Tribunal.
5. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to employ locally recruited staff for the Observer Mission against General Service posts, commensurate with the requirements of the Observer Mission;
The Government of Mexico reaffirms its conviction that in order to reach a definitive solution to this dispute in accordance with the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, it is imperative that the procedures provided for in international law be followed and that the relevant resolutions of the Security Council, which Mexico fully supports, be implemented in their entirety.
In two cases, the resident coordinator has been named as Deputy Special Representative of the Secretary-General, a model which may have merit elsewhere as well.
1. The issue of mine action has been a concern of the General Assembly since 1993.
Special focus is given to subjects of priority interest, including peacekeeping, human rights, economic and social development, and to developments concerning Africa and the question of Palestine.
This, however, would unduly limit the present ability of the Organization to select experts for service under the 200 series on the basis of individual expertise with respect to particular development projects.
Vehicles of the United Nations, its agencies and non-governmental organizations have been confiscated and plundered and their staff members have been threatened; this has hampered their ability to provide assistance in keeping with their mandates.
While hazard pay was also applicable at some duty stations, its purpose was different.
9. Provisional agenda for the twenty-first session.
UNDERTAKEN ON NETWORKING OF INSTITUTIONS, AGENCIES AND BODIES
. non-monopolistic, and geared towards promoting multi-source, multi-channel financing;
(e) In connection with debt management, it is proposed to introduce new activities for a total allocation of $120,000.
The information compiled would be made available through the Joint Working Group of officers of the Convention bodies and of the IPCC.
12. A total amount of US$ 714,275 was received after 22 May 1998.
1039. The Committee believes that there is a need for an awareness-raising campaign on the right of the child to participate and express his or her views, in line with article 12 of the Convention.
In a number of countries, seminars and workshops have been organized on topics of particular interest to the countries concerned.
By their very nature, such allegations are difficult to prove or disprove in the circumstances that exist in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
50. The cost of the solution to the Government will be very high due to the expense involved in the provision of liquidity to the financial sector during the crisis, the cost of deposit guarantee, and the cost of restructuring and recapitalizing distressed financial institutions.
Accordingly, organizations caution against any use of the data to make comparisons between organizations, or even to draw conclusions as to the current status of any one organization’s use of outsourcing.
44. In terms of the overall efficiency of the “oil-for-food” programme, the Special Rapporteur also observes that the resistance of the Government of Iraq to the establishment of an “ongoing” programme, as recommended by the United Nations, further undermines the effectiveness of the programme to the detriment of the intended beneficiaries.
3. The proposed budget of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in the Western Sahara for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 amounts to $65,053,200 gross ($60,972,000 net) (A/52/730/Add.3).
In addition, regional and, as appropriate, national human rights institutions, as well as non-governmental organizations, were invited to present their views to the Secretary-General on the progress made in the implementation of the Declaration (sect. II, para. 100).
4. Urges all other Member States to make every possible effort to ensure the payment of their assessed contributions to the Observer Mission in full and on time;
26. The representative of Senegal expressed the view that the current discussion reminded him of the discussion on reform of the Security Council, in which the principles of efficiency and democratization had been cited.
Within weeks after the arrival of the new IDPs, most of these communities were experiencing food deficits. Barge operations
Activities of UNDCP in the framework of the Decade have included, inter alia, the launch of the Goodwill Ambassadors Programme, the organization of specific events, the convening of specialized conferences, workshops and expert group meetings such as the World Forum on the Role of NGOs in Drug Demand Reduction, held at Bangkok from 12 to 16 December 1994.
2. The Secretary-General of UNCTAD attaches great importance to this on-going endeavour.
151. The Committee is concerned at the slow pace of the State party in establishing an efficient coordination mechanism between relevant ministries, as well as between central and local authorities, in the implementation of policies for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child.
10. Optical disk system, e-mail, Internet and other enterprise applications
The Board also validated the financial statements of the Office for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.
(e) Apply strictly the Finance Manual provision that advances should not be made while disbursement reports are outstanding and limit the level of advances to no more than one quarter’s estimated expenditure (para. 36);
As such, the resolution should serve as an acceptable basis for all parties to work on these important issues.
Decision: The draft resolution (S/1997/931) received 15 votes in favour, none against and no abstentions, and was adopted unanimously as resolution 1141 (1997).
ITC/ILO has played a major role in assisting its constituents, including Governments and social partners, in achieving sustainable development in all countries.
A shortage of credible analyses and explanations of the recent population crisis has made it difficult to mobilize suitable policy responses.
At its 1st, 4th and 5th meetings, on 28 and 30 July and 5 August respectively, the SBI addressed the sub-item on administrative and financial matters: volume of documentation.
In May 1998 a round-table of donors partially alleviated this constraint: France and the EU agreed to assist in the demobilization process.
Recognizing the universal, indivisible, interdependent and interrelated character of all human rights and, in this regard, reaffirming the right to development as an integral part of all human rights,
5. Since the adoption of General Assembly resolution 47/227 and the start of the Institute’s restructuring process up to the end of 1996, only three Special Purpose Grant Funds have an amount outstanding.
Comparative statistics on the output and productivity of regular and temporary assistance staff are now available.
The United Nations, its specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency, as well as any State member thereof or observers thereto not party to the Convention, may be represented at sessions of the Meeting of the Parties as observers.
As discussed above, the Panel decided that certain loss elements within the Claims should not be compensated either because they failed to meet the Commission’s pleading and evidentiary standard or because they failed to meet the directness requirement established in resolution 687 (1991).
5. The second annual Conference of the World Association of Investment Promotion Agencies (WAIPA) took place simultaneously with the Expert Meeting.
The provision of health services at the workplace is sometimes open to family members, as in Namibia and Uganda.
19. Fourth meeting of the Subsidiary Body on Scientific, Technical and Technological Advice of the Convention on Biological Diversity
The fact that some Israeli political groupings are blaming the present Government for its rash implementation of its settlement plans in Jerusalem and for its failure to take the general political climate into account constitutes criticism only of the timing and not of the substance of those plans.
25.5 The capacity of radio, as the medium that attracts the largest audience was dramatically strengthened.
I welcome in particular the increased interest in these developments shown by African States.
It welcomes as well the work done by the Commissioner-General and the staff of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), including the work of UNRWA's headquarters in Gaza City.
Each module or project is executed by UNDCP or UNOPS in close relation with the Government involved.
On the other hand, it means that the instruments of control need to be strengthened as weaknesses and loopholes appear.
Obligations for most technical cooperation activities remain valid for 12 months after the end of each calendar year.
5. The revised budget for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 reflecting additional resources required for the expansion has been submitted for the consideration of the General Assembly.
Noting also the aspiration of the countries with economies in transition towards the further development of regional and interregional cooperation,
In addition to the audit of the accounts and financial transactions, the Board carried out reviews under regulation 12.5 of the United Nations Financial Regulations and Rules.
The emergence of Mexico and the Caribbean islands as transit points for cocaine trafficking is also clearly indicated: cocaine seizures rose tenfold in Mexico and threefold in the Caribbean during the period under review.
The programme for the treatment and prevention of sleeping sickness, a potentially fatal disease if untreated, continued to be implemented by NGOs in the Tambura area of Equatoria.
Nevertheless, even when regulatory and policy regimes are neutral vis-a-vis outward FDI, as is increasingly the case in developing countries and economies in transition, the need for promotional measures should still be queried.
78. The Special Committee reiterates the relevance of the Security Council presidential statement of 30 August 1996 (S/PRST/1996/37), which stressed that provisions for operational demining should, wherever appropriate, be an integral part of peacekeeping mandates.
Recalling also that one of the objectives of the International Decade of the World’s Indigenous People is to consider the establishment of a permanent forum for indigenous people in the United Nations system,
The negotiating text and the relevant proposals remain before the Group, and the reports to the AGBM by the Chairmen of the informal consultations are reproduced as document FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1.
A statement was made by the observer for Palestine.
We should like to state that the competent Iraqi authorities formed specialist teams from medical and scientific research establishments to conduct medical, scientific and clinical surveys, and examine the effects on human health of the use of radiological weapons by the Coalition forces in the war against Iraq.
Noting that, in conformity with article 8 of the Convention, conferences may be convened to examine amendments to the Convention or to any of the Protocols thereto, to examine additional protocols concerning other categories of conventional weapons not covered by existing Protocols or to review the scope and application of the Convention and the Protocols annexed thereto and to examine any proposed amendments or additional protocols,
The International Social Security Association (ISSA) is planning a research project to examine current and future research efforts in the area of pension reform.
Considering the provisions of the Convention, particularly article 22, paragraph 3, which stipulates that the Conference of the Parties shall adopt, at its first session, its own rules of procedure,
The Commission requested that the secretariat begin analytical work and policy research on this item and recommended that it start with an overview of the work already done.
The format of the report follows the structure of the Plan of Action and illustrates the advances made in the implementation of each of the eight components of the Plan.
5. Analysis of FDI in transition economies
Yet, in line with the answer given to question 2, the latter State should reserve its right to legitimate self-defence in case of danger or aggression.
(b) Consultations with troop-contributing countries should be convened and chaired by the President of the Security Council, supported by a representative of the Secretariat;
The development of mutually advantageous international cooperation within the Great Silk Road region will allow all countries without exception to find answers to many questions and solve the problems they are at present contending with.
Such short-term extensions impeded cost-cutting measures, as did the lack of competitive bidding.
In a situation of tight financial resources, the development of a more coherent and mutually supportive programme is essential in order to optimize the use of available resources.
2. The Third Committee considered the item jointly with item 101 at its 6th to 11th, 15th and 22nd meetings, on 8, 9, 12, 13, 16 and 22 October 1998.
During the Conference, it organized the dialogue on citizenship and democracy in the twenty-first century, the exhibition on revitalization of the inner city and the video presentation on vernacular housing in Africa.
Noting that, since the adoption of General Assembly resolution 51/48 of 10 December 1996, Israel remains the only State in the Middle East that has not yet become party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons,
The present report contains the proposed budget of UNMOT for the 12-month period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amounts to $22,282,100 gross ($20,998,100 net).
Concerning exports from cocoa-producing countries, however, beans make up 79 per cent, cocoa butter 10 per cent, cocoa powder 7 per cent, cocoa liquor slightly less than 3.5 per cent, and chocolate and chocolate products less than 1 per cent.
Moreover, the Panel recognizes that the Governing Council in decision 1, paragraph 17, stated that “[c]laims will not be considered on behalf of Iraqi nationals who do not have bona fide nationality of any other State”.
The Chairman informed the Committee that informal con-sultations on this agenda item would be conducted by Mr. Uldis Blukis (Latvia).
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2000–2001, A/53/220. the related recommendations of the Committee for Programme and Coordination Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 16 (A/53/16), part two, chap. II, para. 28.
(d) Democracy, which is spreading everywhere, has raised development expectations everywhere, that their non-fulfilment risks the rekindling of non-democratic forces and that structural reforms which do not take social realities into account could destabilize the processes of democratization;
85. The speed, size and price of processors and data switches has continued to reduce exponentially or at the least.
These additives shall be compatible with the contents and remain effective throughout the life of the outer packaging.
16. There is no officially recognized definition of an international crime, nor any officially accepted list of State acts which can be regarded as international crimes.
Democracy and international peace and security
266. As a follow-up to the Beijing Conference, the Government had launched a national movement - the Outlook of Harmonious Gender Partnership between Men and Women in the Family, Society and Development - with a view to inculcating values of equality in the citizenry.
17. The empowerment of young people via full and active participation and representation in all types of education should be recognized as a right, and we call upon Governments to do so.
The Committee notes the Administration’s response given in paragraph 45 of document A/53/335.
Provision is also made for cleaning of septic tanks ($20,000), cleaning and restoration of water storage tanks ($10,000) and pest control in the patrol observation bases ($9,000).
142. The draft bill would additionally apply, inter alia, to any fishing vessel of a State and to any act or omission occurring on or by such a vessel, wherever that vessel might be, as well as to any act or omission by an authorized officer on the high seas.
Pursuant to the conclusions reached by the Governing Council on 21 January 1997, both of these claims were moved to the second instalment for the purpose of payment.
Factors contributing to that attractiveness included their feasibility for chemical manipulation, the easy availability of starting materials and their easy conversion into the corresponding end-products, the wide availability of technical information, strong economic incentives for clandestine operators, the fact that levels of control applied to precursors were not as strict as those applied to end-products, as well as their benign image in consumer markets.
Meetings held at various levels on the good-neighbourly relations, stability, security and cooperation process in South-Eastern Europe contribute to the establishment of a comprehensive framework for multilateral cooperation originating within the region.
The programme will be further guided by the need for empowering women, which is essential to the achievement of its goals, inter alia, through gender mainstreaming, advocacy and design of policies to achieve relevant targets.
In most of the countries that produced national plans of action, a broad-based national committee was set up, including representatives of local authorities, the private sector, non-governmental organizations and other partners.
The peace accords also provide for the opening of a sea port and an airport in Gaza, which has not taken place to date.
The General Assembly endorsed the request of the persons chairing the treaty bodies to hold an extraordinary meeting from 25 to 27 February 1998 to pursue the reform process with the aim of improving the effective implementation of international instruments on human rights.
They recognized that the election of members of the treaty bodies was entirely a matter for the States parties.
13.4 The Division encountered a number of problems during the biennium which hindered the efficient implementation of its work.
Latin American Association of Navigational Law and Law of the Sea
“I “The basic conditions and criteria for the introduction and application of sanctions include the following elements:
IV. OTHER FORMS OF COOPERATION AND TRAINING 4 3
In accordance with the substantive topics identified in chapter VIII of the ICPD Programme of Action,1 special emphasis is directed to action taken to strengthen primary health care and the health-care sector; to promote child survival and health and women’s health and safe motherhood; and to slow the spread of HIV/AIDS infection.
Marwan Barghouti, a member of the Palestinian Authority Legislative Council and Secretary-General of the Fatah for the West Bank, claimed that the demonstrations reflected Palestinian frustration at the breakdown of the peace process.
263. Insufficient attention has been paid to the collection of systematic and comprehensive data and the identification of appropriate indicators and monitoring mechanisms in all areas covered by the Convention.
Responding to the criticism levelled against it, the IDF stated that it would declare 1998 the year of international law and would launch an ambitious project to increase instruction on the issue. (Jerusalem Post, 22 December)
The text of any proposed annex or amendment to an annex shall be communicated to the Parties by the secretariat at least six months before the session at which it is proposed for adoption.
Their representatives also took part in high-level forums organized by UPU; these focused on different aspects of postal-sector reform and future development strategies, foreign investment possibilities and other strategic topics.
Many United Nations bodies are undertaking research into aspects of the global and national financial systems, often in partnership with other international organizations, universities, research centres, private companies, non-governmental organizations and other actors in civil society.
43. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
These higher CO2 emissions in the industrial processes category are apparently due to the fact that emissions from the iron and steel industry were included in this category, not in fuel combustion as is usually the case.
Children and young people are especially vulnerable to drug abuse under such circumstances.
In order to implement policies and measures listed in this agreement, Parties shall use existing mechanisms, to the extent possible, without duplicating work in other bodies.
37. Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (item 163).
The Haitian State is also gratified by the progress achieved, with the assistance of MICIVIH, in making the people more aware of human rights.
While having authorized methadone syrup for treatment of opiate addicts, Italy had discontinued some maintenance programmes because it was felt that the availability of maintenance programmes could lead both to an underestimation of the need for the gradual cessation of drug abuse as a final goal of treatment, and to neglect of other support services, such as psychological, social and educational counselling.
34. In connection with the latest expansion of UNMIBH, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and Head of Mission established a Human Rights Office.
The additional hours are required in connection with the in situ registration and disarmament of approximately 6,000 UNITA soldiers who were not previously reported to the United Nations.
The representative of Latvia, Coordinator of the informal consultations on this item, on behalf of the Chairman, introduced draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.12.
One of the salient features in the evolution of the cooperation between the United Nations and the Bretton Woods Institutions (BWIs) is that member States have increasingly called upon the financial and trading institutions (IMF, World Bank, WTO and UNCTAD) to cooperate in the preparation for intergovernmental meetings, particularly in the framework of the high-level policy dialogues of ECOSOC.
51/21 Cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic Cooperation Organization
The application will be forwarded to the Garage Administration (room CB-021, ext. 36212/3) by the Protocol and Liaison Service.
In conformity with United Nations policy, the Division is gradually developing the French version as resources permit.
It was felt also that there was a potential political drawback in that it would discourage some candidates, who did not wish to make such a disclosure, from accepting United Nations employment.
Last year, the Foundation provided scholarships for nearly 300 East Timorese students;
The Fund's Regulations applied to all 20 member organizations and, therefore, should not be changed in a manner that would impose United Nations policy objectives and perspectives relevant to one organization on the Fund's other member organizations.
The authority to adopt the foregoing is vested in the Conference of the Parties.
Paragraph Page REPORT TO THE THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES AND RELATED MATTERS
Between 2340 and 2355 hours the Lahad militia fired several 155-mm shells at areas along the Zahrani River from its position at Zafatah.
197. The Committee expresses deep concern at the general situation of working women in Panama.
Descriptions of missing property are therefore provided to police and customs officials, as are the chassis and engine numbers of stolen vehicles.
As a result, many more industrial and agricultural products will now benefit from duty-free entrance and significant tariff advantages vis à vis other suppliers.
Moreover, almost every EU member favours local over foreign interests in the establishment of a commercial presence.
The initial report should also describe the legal and constitutional national institutions bearing on the implementation of the Covenant.
(a) Illicit manufacture and distribution of stimulants;
The COP will also have before it: the offers of the Governments of Canada, Germany and Spain, contained in documents A/AC.241/54/Add.1, Add.2 and Add.3 to host the Permanent Secretariat at Montreal, Bonn and Murcia respectively, and the comparison of these offers contained in document A/AC.241/63.
1236. The Committee notes with deep concern that the law applicable in the case of rape of a minor excuses the perpetrator of the crime from penal prosecution if he is prepared to marry his victim.
7. Throughout the process of the tripartite dialogue, Indonesia has consistently shown its good faith and goodwill in cooperating with the Secretary-General to find a just, comprehensive and internationally acceptable solution to the question of East Timor.
1983 Lecturer on the Master's Law Programme specializing in international law in the Faculty of Law of the University of Chile.
15. Although the recent expenditure experience would seem to suggest a lower level of resources than that requested by the Secretary-General in the revised estimates, in view of the deteriorating overall situation outlined in his report to the Security Council (S/1998/1110), the Advisory Committee recommends that the Secretary-General’s revised estimate be approved.
The so-called RiboPrinter, developed by Quaicon in Wilmington, Delaware, United States, is used in agriculture to detect and identify bacterial pathogens that attack animals.
It requires an effort to inform and re-educate public opinion and a more courageous political attitude on the part of the Governments of the States on whose territories violations of human rights are committed.
Senior Advisor to the Minister of Forestry
97. In 1998-1999 the Contingent-Owned Equipment Claims Unit will process claims from troop-contributing countries in respect of contingent-owned equipment, goods and services for ongoing missions and those under liquidation.
(c) Real growth, positive or negative, compared with the previous budget;
SMEs had contributed to the development of markets and competition and of activities that were complementary to those of large industrial enterprises and the public sector.
Although capacity-building has been addressed by MEAs either through their provisions or resolutions of the conferences of parties (CoPs), their implementation can prove problematic.
The texts of these decisions are annexed to the reports of the different Standing Committee meetings as follows:
Recently, UNIDO has taken strong steps to strengthen its field presence.
These discussions have been taking place on a confidential basis.
The second method, that is, the use of regression analysis, has the advantage of being able to accommodate other factors that influence emissions, such as precipitation and economic variables, inter alia, gross domestic product or industrial production.
Powers of regulatory bodies (legislative recommendation 18 and paras. 75-78)
These shortcomings are partly due to the lack of well-designed policies and strategies for SME promotion in most countries.
This is an area in which international organizations such as UNCTAD and its trade efficiency partners (e.g. the International Trade Centre, ITC-UNCTAD/WTO and the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe) can continue to play a useful role for their members.
Africa: New Agenda for Development (Part IV, section 8)
66. At its 13th meeting, on 11 June 1998, the Committee considered proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.
As shown in figure VI, Europe accounted for 40 per cent of the global total in 1995, followed by Africa, where Morocco was the main seizure country, with one quarter of the global total.
The Office agrees that performance indicators would be a valuable management instrument and, during 1997, collected and reviewed some indicators on price performance.
In order to support the Organization, people needed to understand what it stood for.
However, the Republic of Panama, having considered the initiative taken by a number of States, reiterates that there are important considerations regarding the actual humanitarian, social and financial situation – as well as in the Taiwan Strait – that must be considered carefully and in depth when the Bureau adopts a decision on the matter.
At 1230 hours the client militia fired an 81-mm mortar shell and several bursts of medium-weapons fire in the direction of the Mu'aytah woodland from its position on Rum hill.
In the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Centre is working with the Special Representative of the Secretary-General on an extensive programme with the Government Ministries responsible for criminal justice.
The Committee noted that there are three distinct methodological elements in the current procedures for applying Article 19: the determination of the amount of “arrears”; the interpretation given to “the amount of contributions due from it for the preceding two full years”; and the use of “gross” and “net” amounts in the determination of arrears and contributions due.
Under this item, the Expert Meeting is expected to give guidance to the UNCTAD secretariat as to further work to be undertaken on competition law and policy.
Between 1440 and 1535 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Nabatiyah area at high altitude.
There have also been self—evident instances of genocide as State policy.
This may involve the installation of perimeter fencing, including barbed wire fencing to discourage intrusion; lighting during all hours of darkness, including lighting to illuminate the fencing around the area; motion detectors, alarms, security surveillance cameras, and locks on doors and windows of offices where valuable items are either in daily use or stored; and provision of safes for storage of particularly valuable or sensitive items.
284. The Committee considers that the merely advisory and coordinating nature of the Ministry for Women’s Affairs is an impediment to furthering women’s human rights in New Zealand.
At the 3rd meeting of the AGBM, on 7 August, the Chairman recalled that, as noted in the Provisional Agenda and Annotations (FCCC/AGBM/1997/4), a draft report on the session had not been prepared.
290. On 10 November, the Islamic Jihad movement threatened to carry out attacks unless Israel released Palestinian security prisoners, including Islamic Jihad activist Ataef Alian, who had been on hunger strike for three weeks at the Neveh Tirza prison.
The Board considers that introduction of a computerized integrated management information system would not only improve the operational performance of the ICSC secretariat, but would also improve the exchange of information between the ICSC secretariat and the organizations of the United Nations common system.
An issue paper was presented to the Working Group with recommendations to limit this financial liability.
19. The Heads of State emphasized that the Fifth Meeting, which had taken place in a frank and friendly atmosphere in Astana, will undoubtedly become an important milestone in the further development of cooperation between the Turkish-speaking States, and also in ensuring stability and peace in the region.
Concomitantly, the implementation of wet-lease and self-sustainment arrangements resulted in reduced requirements under spare parts, repairs and maintenance of vehicles, communications and other equipment and under the quartermaster and general stores budget line items.
The displaced people gathered in government-protected areas while the fighting continued.
These accesses are from individuals or organizations located in 132 countries.
The Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People will hold a solemn meeting from 10.30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Monday, 1 December 1997, in the Trusteeship Council Chamber, to commemorate the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, in accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 32/40 B of 2 December 1977.
Ms. Inge Kaul, Director of the Office of Development Studies of UNDP, will give a briefing on “Development financing: Some new perspectives”, on Monday, 20 October 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 5.
The Committee welcomes the emergence of national non-governmental organizations and the steps to enhance cooperation between them and the Government.
25/COP.1 Collaborative institutional arrangements in support of the Global Mechanism75
41. Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, fifty-fourth session [General Assembly resolution 2106 A (XX)]
“Members of the European Parliament soundly defeated the proposal before it reached the Parliament’s plenary session, explaining in considerable detail why they opposed it.
15. The economic embargo undermined the implementation of certain of the Islamic Republic’s main projects and some foreign investors revised and postponed their economic investment in the country.
Within the Federation also, returns have been obstructed by the deliberate destruction of homes, particularly in Bosnian Croat controlled territory. ...
Because they entail no element of obligation, they are also among the first targets in any budgetary reduction.
(i) Establish further subsidiary bodies as may be deemed necessary for the implementation of the Protocol;
Details of repatriation operations, which cost $16,841,656, are as follows:
Annex Report of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Children and Armed Conflict
Peru granted fishing rights to the Republic of Korea and Japan, whose fleets exploited the resources and technologists developed a much more acceptable product by cutting the huge squid into smaller squares, bleaching and tenderizing it.
274. On 29 December, it was reported that the President of the Dotan Military Court, Lt.-Col. El Zicherman, had decided to shorten the detention period of a Palestinian man who had been detained since 30 May 1994.
Table 1 PROPOSED PROGRAMME BUDGET FOR THE BIENNIUM 1998-1999
The Special Representative has also argued for international assistance for the promotion of human rights in Cambodia – for reforms of the court and prison systems, education and training of law enforcement personnel, reform of the school system and support to NGOs.
Between 1425 and 1700 hours outlying areas of Ayn al-Tinah and the uplands surrounding Niha hill came under an Israeli artillery bombardment.
Provision was made in the amount of $372,300 for 17 locally recruited staff.
of the Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations
(b) The Vice—Chairpersons not acting as the Chairperson and the Rapporteur exercise their voting rights.
6. Emphasizes the importance of contributions to the Voluntary Trust Fund for the United Nations Disarmament Information Programme to sustain a strong outreach programme, and invites all Member States to make contributions to the Fund;
The provisions for repairs, spare parts and maintenance are estimated at $100 per month for each of the 37 vehicles of the Mission (ibid., paras. 9 and 10).
9. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:
To this end, care shall in particular be taken to ensure that portable tanks do not contain any non-refrigerated liquefied gases liable to promote these reactions.
6. Permanent Representative of Norway to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe
State party follow-up replies received in respect of the cases of Pinto, Shalto (unpublished), Neptune and Seerattan.
Moreover, insufficient attention has been paid to the training of professionals working with and for children, including teachers, health workers, social workers, lawyers, police officers, chiefs of police, staff in institutions where children are detained and officials of the central and local administrations, in order to change prevailing attitudes.
The benefits of strengthening these networks would assist in compiling and updating the essential data necessary to combat desertification.
Thus, collaboration should encompass the programme countries, the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, other multilateral and bilateral donors, non-governmental organizations and the private sector.
Similarly, zinc prices have experienced pronounced drops, and the prospects of the zinc market remain very uncertain since they depend largely on the car and construction industries, which have been adversely affected by the sharp drop in economic activity in East Asia.
Thus, projects in support of the implementation of the Protocol within national integrated ocean and coastal zone management programmes could facilitate the implementation of the Protocol as well as meet priorities set by the international funding organizations.
The Government responded that the persons concerned had been found guilty of armed robbery, and that 38 had been tried and sentenced by the Lagos Armed Robbery and Firearms Tribunal (see E/CN.4/1998/68/Add.1, para. 301).
6.6.4.2.11 Portable tanks shall be designed to withstand, without loss of contents, at least the internal pressure due to the contents, and the static, dynamic and thermal loads during normal conditions of handling and transport.
Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth Conference on Women [106]
Shortly after the discovery of the Klecka site, the remains of at least 39 persons were discovered in nearby Glodjane, where exhumation continues.
The occupation of the three islands belonging to the United Arab Emirates, and relations with Iran
79. Based on the data provided in the annual reports questionnaires, it appears that school activities, especially in secondary schools, are the most widespread form of prevention across the world.
3. Takes note of the report of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 41 (A/53/41). and recognizes its important role in creating awareness of the principles and provisions of the Convention and in providing recommendations to States parties on its implementation;
It is my belief that it should be solved on the basis of a mixed economy through improving the efficiency of all its components.
This resulted in improved information compared to the first national communications.
Under the circumstances, the Mission has indicated both to the Government and commercial providers that rent is paid under protest and that premises should be provided free of charge.
The Chairman of the Pension Board informed the Committee that the actuarial consultants retained by the World Trade Organization (WTO) have presented differing views regarding the methodology; they also prepared documents certifying the costs of the proposed new salary and pension arrangements of WTO.
5. At the 1495th meeting, on 10 July 1998, the Acting Chairman of the Special Committee drew attention to the draft report of the Pacific Regional Seminar (see A/AC.109/SR.1495).
The Executive Secretary concurred that the main task of the SBI at its current session, as was the case for the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technical Advice (SBSTA), was to reach consensus on recommendations to COP 3 to enable the latter to focus on the completion of the Berlin Mandate.
25. The review period witnessed important developments with respect to the re-establishment of the country’s basic database.
3. Also stresses the importance at the national level of sound macroeconomic policies and policies aimed at strengthening the institutional capacities and regulatory frameworks, especially the regulatory and supervisory systems of the domestic financial and banking sectors;
1. Each Party shall have one vote, except as provided for in paragraph 2.
Active competition advocacy efforts have been undertaken by the Fair Trade Commission with respect to both proposed and existing legislation, including advocacy of the elimination of entry barriers and the introduction of foreign competition in oligopolistic markets. / See Fair Trade Commission, Monopoly regulation and fair trade in Korea, Seoul, 1991.
108. During 1998-1999, the Africa Unit will continue to support UNPOS, MONUA, MINURSO, Burundi, the International Commission of Inquiry for Rwanda, Sierra Leone, the United Nations Office in Liberia and the respective trust funds.
45. In November 1996, the Government placed a 12—page advertisement in the industry leading Mining Journal intended to promote investment in the mining sector.
II. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Latin American Economic System
The publications of committed programme outputs for the biennium 1994–1995 were not correctly depicted in the programme performance report submitted by the Department.
An initial European draft plan of action on the subject of satellite navigation was submitted in May to member States.
There was a consensus among the participants regarding the responsibility of the international community, including the United Nations, Member States and intergovernmental organizations, for ending 30 years of occupation and 50 years of dispossession of the Palestinian people.
854. In the spirit of articles 18 and 24, paragraph 2 (f), of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party promote parent education and family counselling and take measures to ensure adherence to the principle that both parents have common responsibilities for the upbringing of children.
This portfolio of approved project assistance is distributed across five geographic regions — Africa, Asia and the Pacific, Latin America and the Caribbean, the Middle East, and Europe and the Commonwealth of Independent States countries.
The activities of United Nations agencies, he concluded, have been concentrated in the main on national capacity-building and on promoting sustainable development.
It had been stated in reply, however, that, although some aspects of liability might be involved, the review of the liability regime was not the main objective of the suggested work; rather, what was necessary was to provide modern solutions to the issues that were not dealt with in treaties adequately, or at all.
6. The Commission invites contributions to support UNCTAD's programme with extrabudgetary resources, especially for technical assistance and for projects involving LDCs and countries in Africa, and expresses its appreciation to those countries that have already done so.
The reviews primarily concern the efficiency of financial procedures, the internal financial controls and, in general, the administration and management of UNFPA.
The most important and most welcome change arising from the removal of East-West tensions is the diminished likelihood that nations will become embroiled in a global conflagration.
Another was supportive of the Department’s activities for young people with programmes such as the CyberSchoolBus.
Between 1725 and 2240 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155, 120 and 81-mm artillery shells at the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah, the Mu`aytah woodland, Mazra`at Umqata, Mlikh, Tiri, Haddatha, areas along the Zahrani River and outlying areas of Arabsalim from their positions at Zafatah and Ksarat al-Urush, on Dabshah, Rum and Sujud hills and at Mashnaqah.
2. International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda
42. Within the framework established by General Assembly resolution 45/107, entitled “International cooperation for crime prevention and criminal justice in the context of development”, the United Nations Centre for International Crime Prevention has provided technical support to many new and restored democracies.
During the period under review the Special Representative has again received such an allegation.
At 0230 hours occupation forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at outlying areas of Haddatha and Bra`shit.
Third, concerning human rights, it is a matter of public knowledge that Ethiopia has systematically violated the rights of Eritreans and Ethiopians of Eritrean origin living in Ethiopia.
The SBI noted that in accordance with Article 11.4 of the Convention, the COP by its Decision 9/CP.1 agreed to review the Financial Mechanism within four years of the first COP, and take appropriate measures, including a determination of the definitive status of the Global Environment Facility (GEF) in the context of the Convention;
Dictaphones Office equipment replacement programme
This was preceded by a two-day journalists’ round table.
In Nablus, a crowd of more than 3,000 students applauded the burning of the Israeli flag and cheered wildly as a red-roofed Jewish settlement made of cardboard was carried on stage and blown up with fire-crackers.
Some donor Governments mention the problems of the marginalization of work of the United Nations technical agencies.
32. At the forty-first session of the Commission on the Status of Women, the Open-ended Working Group completed a first reading of a compilation text prepared by the Chairperson of the Group, based on the elements suggested by the Committee in suggestion No. 7, proposals made by members of the Open-ended Working Group at its first session and on views expressed by Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations (E/CN.6/1996/10 and Corr.1 and Add.1 and 2 and E/CN.6/1997/5).
23. It follows that the selection of a mediator in situations of conflict must be very carefully considered and carried out with the closest possible consultation.
4. Requests the Permanent Secretariat to make the information available in electronic form, as well as through the regular channels of the United Nations system, for the purpose of facilitating the exchange of information.
58. In April 1996, in Washington, D.C., ILO also participated in Working Group 3 on “Modernization of the Ministries of Labour and information on labour markets” and was requested to prepare a study on the modernization processes being carried out in Ministries of Labour in the region, including policy recommendations and guidelines for action.
Turkey is also participating in the X-ray astronomy satellite experiment, known as Spectrum X-Gamma, under the coordination and leadership of the Russian Federation’s Space Research Institute.
COMMITTEE ON THE EXERCISE OF THE INALIENABLE RIGHTS OF THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE
194. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights - Pre-sessional Working Group [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]
7. Replies from the Governments of Cuba and Ghana were received on 18 March 1998 and 28 April 1998, respectively, in response to the secretariat’s note verbale of December 1997, seeking information relevant to the implementation of the Declaration.
She said that at a later stage the European Union would distribute a position paper, which she requested be brought to the attention of the Commission.
It was announced that the Philippines and Indonesia had joined the list of co-sponsors of draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.9.
A month – from 10 October to 10 November 1998 – has been set aside for the nomination of candidates.
20. I cannot but emphasize the need to work closely with the Chairmen of the Main Committees.
1. Welcomes the progress made in realization of the programme of action,2 presented by the Governments of the Netherlands and the Russian Federation, which aims at contributing to the further development of the themes of the first and the second International Peace Conference and could be regarded as a third international peace conference;
130. As mandated, operational activities focus primarily at the country level.
Landmines have caused the removal of vast areas of land and resources from productive use.
(a) Contributions receivable from Member States as at 30 June 1997 are shown in most peacekeeping financial statements only in total.
The Government of the Netherlands also made a contribution to the trust fund for the developing countries.
3. The International Tribunal currently has 12 trials to be conducted by its two Trial Chambers.One trial is presently being conducted by a Trial Chamber of three judges who were permitted by the Security Council in its resolution 1126 (1997) to remain until November 1998 to complete the trial. (Prosecutor v. Zejnil Delalić, Zdravko Mucić, also known as "Pavo", Hazim Delić and Esad Landžo, also known as "Zenga", Case No. IT-96-21-T, T.Ch.II.)
3. For its consideration of sub-item 8 (b), the Board had before it the report of the Joint Advisory Group on the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO on its twenty-ninth session, held in Geneva from 15 to 19 April 1996 (ITC/AG(XXIX)/157), which had been circulated to the Board under cover of a note by the UNCTAD secretariat (TD/B/43/4).
(i) Experts and other project personnel: Costs relating to the period of contractual service falling within the current year;
On the other hand, there have also been experiences showing that SMEs constitute the overwhelming majority in umbrella business organizations.
Some Parties included quantitative estimates of mitigation impact for all measures for 2000, 2005, 2010 and 2020.
64. Certain independent newspapers have been overwhelmed with civil and criminal lawsuits by members of the Government and those close to them.
The Committee encourages the Secretariat, as well as Member States, to include and develop that aspect in their efforts to promote training norms for United Nations peacekeeping personnel.
Its main purpose is to seek better coordination and greater cooperation between the various elements of the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, and to agree on a shared strategy addressing all of the key dimensions of action against poverty.
(b) Implement policies and measure under this Article taking into account the adverse effects of climate change and/or the impacts of the implementation of policies and measures on developing country Parties, especially those identified in Article 4.8 of the Convention.
They emphasized the importance of close cooperation among Kazakhstan, the Russian Federation and other countries of the Commonwealth to find ways of safeguarding its southern borders.
This note responds to the above mandate by organizing the texts adopted by the AGBM at its sixth session into a negotiating text for a protocol or another legal instrument (hereinafter referred to as "the instrument").
The SBI may wish to request the President of COP 2 to pursue informal consultations on the election of officers of COP 3.
The environment is a resource that is significant to many enterprises, and it must be managed efficiently for the benefit of both the enterprise and society.
In the course of a meeting with the Chief Administrative Officer of UNFICYP, representatives of the United Kingdom announced their Government’s intention to stop providing the administration and payroll functions for locally employed civilians to UNFICYP by the end of March 1995.
137. The General Assembly in its resolution 52/135 and the Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 1998/60 expressed concern about the serious problem of impunity in Cambodia, in particular with regard to unlawful acts by the military and the police.
The seriousness of this predicament has been further underscored by the recent nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan.
Smaller technical agencies are maintaining direct contact with national technical agencies, but their involvement in the resident coordinator system is limited.
I understand those statements as an indication of the firm resolve of those countries to become soon Parties to the Convention by completing the process of the needed accession.
The Advisory Committee commends the Secretary-General for the format of the report.
1. In Africa, National Action Programme (NAP) processes have been initiated in 16 countries with support from UNSO/UNDP (i.e Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Chad, Ethiopia, Kenya, Mali, Malawi, Mauritania, Niger, Senegal, Swaziland, Tanzania, Uganda and Zimbabwe).
The Group is also responsible for updating the Department’s fact sheets in the series “Setting the record straight”.
The relevance, timeliness, object and general outlines of the study will have been made apparent in the previous sections.
The Security Council attached no security or political conditions to the implementation of this resolution.
2. Reaffirms that it is a purpose of the United Nations and the task of all Member States, in cooperation with the Organization, to promote and encourage respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and to remain vigilant with regard to violations of human rights wherever they occur;
Written translations of statements delivered in official languages
Time permitting, recommendation one will also be considered.
28. The Office of the United Nations Security Coordinator has continuously demonstrated the level of leadership and professionalism necessary to deal with the many crises that have erupted in the past.
The Parties included in Annex I undergoing the process of transition to a market economy whose base year or period was established pursuant to decision 9/CP.2 of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention at its second session, in accordance with Article 4.6 of the Convention, shall use that base year or period for the implementation of their commitments under this Article.
150. The Board recommends that, for more effective control, missions in liquidation undertake a physical inventory of non-expendable property prior to their disposal in accordance with the provisional liquidation guidelines.
In addition, accommodation for the Abidjan office has been provided by the Government of Côte d’Ivoire since September 1997.
The focused paper would draw on the work of the IPCC, particularly a list of adaptive technologies and strategies compiled from the Second Assessment Report (SAR) and on information from other international and national organizations.
Some internally displaced persons took the opportunity of the cessation of hostilities to return to their homes.
The Commission requests the secretariat to solicit contributions to extrabudgetary resources for this purpose.
Item 113 (b) of the provisional agenda A/53/150.
The General Assembly has elected Mr. Didier Opertti (Uruguay) President of the Assembly.
Against this background, our missions in New York will further pursue proposals to tighten the procedures for the application of Article 19 of the Charter of the United Nations as well as to put in place a series of measures designed to serve as a disincentive to countries that might deem it unnecessary to live up to their international obligations.
During the reporting period, 336 press releases on human rights issues were distributed in English and French.
Moreover, there is seemingly a trend towards expanding the application of product-country graduations as well as full country graduations.
Three of the factories are sited on what Palestinians claim to be Waqf land.
31. Mr. Jonathan Paris, Fellow, United States/Middle East Project, Council on Foreign Relations, New York, said that there has been a steady deterioration in the Palestinian economy since the signing of the Oslo agreement in 1993 and that gross national product (GNP) per capita is estimated to have declined by at least 20 per cent in real terms.
(b) Modalities of global mechanism accountability to the Conference and reporting on global mechanism activities.
This was the main objective of the regional strategy for the sustainable return of those displaced by conflict in the former Yugoslavia, which we developed earlier this year.
25. In Africa, key non-governmental organizations such as Botswana’s Emang Basadi, the Zambian National Women’s Lobby Group and the Women Law and Development Federation, a network of African women lawyers, embarked on major campaigns for legal reforms and voter education and registration for women, covering six countries in southern Africa.
36. The point was made that nuclear components or products should be returned to any State and not just States parties to the convention.
He said that in 1997 the rate of employment reached a high point of 70 per cent, and concluded that the rate of unemployment is higher among the more skilled labour and that in the Gaza Strip it exceeds that of the West Bank by 10 to 15 per cent.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General containing proposals on the preparatory process of the special session (A/AC.253/3);
A foreign wire service carried such a story, dated 4 January 1998, without providing the name of the individual or the place where the sentence was meted out.
46. The culture of secrecy which surrounded the Semipalatinsk test site territory will not be easily overcome.
Exports of leather and leather products by developing countries where traditional processing techniques are still used, especially by small and medium-scale enterprises, are particularly affected by measures related to environmental protection and public health.
The State party is urged to ensure that the Covenant rights are not restricted or overriden by incompatible legislation and that individuals are able to challenge in the courts the application of laws which affect their rights under the Covenant.
The representative of India, Chairman of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, introduced the report of the Committee (A/52/20).
The development of guidelines providing definitions of terms, descriptor lists and specification of reporting requirements could prove useful.
It is therefore essential that it collect and disseminate information on requirements for and sources of financing, on financial flows, their patterns and gaps.
17. The Machel report highlighted a wide range of important issues affecting the rights and welfare of children in the context of armed conflict.
(b) The rule under (a) also applies to government observers who wish to provide information on human rights developments in their country, provided they have signed up before the closure of the list mentioned.
E. Recognition of environmental costs 12-21
110. Bringing together senior representatives of European and other Governments, the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations and regional and academic institutions, the symposium served four important objectives in support of the agenda entrusted to the Special Representative.
Denmark claims that it incurred expenses as a result of “the forced evacuation of a number of Danish citizens from Kuwait and their illegal detention in Baghdad by the Government of Iraq”.
“Noting that in certain cases contributions to the General Fund have not been commensurate with the increased participation of the developed countries in the training programmes, and underlining the need to urgently address this discrepancy,
16. The 1990 report observed that there was an increasing interest in the mixed oxide fuel (MOX) technology, related to the need to do something about the growing stockpiles of plutonium.
1. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/100 of 12 December 1997, requested the Secretary-General to report annually to the Assembly, through the Commission on the Status of Women and the Economic and Social Council, on follow-up to and implementation of the Fourth World Conference on Women.
At the request of the representative of the United Republic of Tanzania, on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, the Committee agreed to an extension of the deadline for submission of draft proposals under item 97 (h) to Friday, 14 November, at 6 p.m.
The concept of the right to development allows the ties between all rights to be recognized, and enables them to be perceived from the perspective of the individual’s participation in sustainable development.
Macroeconomic policy questions: trade and development
(d) New programme narrative for sections 7A, Economic and social affairs, and 26, Public information, of the programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999;
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee for Programme and Coordination also introduced the relevant part of the report of that Committee (A/52/16).
121. Members expressed the view that electronic communication provided an effective means of communication and played an important role in information collection and dissemination.
That shortfall in resources was magnified by the decision of the AGBM to reconvene one day earlier than had been planned.
17. Looking ahead, in the next few months, at the request of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, ECA plans to conduct another training workshop on methods of compiling government accounts within the framework of the 1993 System of National Accounts.
Unfounded allegations of the "systematic plundering" of cultural property in Northern Cyprus have been amply dealt with in our previous communications addressed to you, most recently in my letter dated 22 January 1998 (A/52/778-S/1998/74).
269. The Commission was informed that the Hague Conference on Private International Law had organized, in cooperation with the Secretariat, a meeting of experts at The Hague in order to consider private international law issues arising in the context of the draft convention on assignment in receivables financing currently being prepared by the Commission's Working Group on International Contract Practices.
At a final address in Colombo, he strongly endorsed the launching of a UNICEF-sponsored local initiative, proclaiming “children as zones of peace”, as a systematic effort to apply global recommendations on the protection, rights and welfare of children to the specific context of Sri Lanka.
The Office of the Counsel for Human Rights, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the Maya Foundation have elaborated a project to include the Office for the Defence of Indigenous Women’s Rights within the Office of the Counsel for Human Rights.
2. Existing arrangements to coordinate all activities of public and private actors in both land-locked countries and transit countries should be strengthened and institutionalized, both at the national and subregional levels.
(ii) Integration of a strong training component in Trade Point activities and projects;
This trend would continue with the introduction of the Euro and the creation of a much larger market with greater liquidity, stability and visibility.
Of equal concern to the Committee is the insufficient consideration of the principle of the best interests of the child in tackling situations of detention, institutionalization and abandonment of children, as well as in relation to the right of the child to testify in court.
60. The Committee further recommended that the Assembly invite all its subsidiary bodies that were authorized to meet away from their established headquarters to keep under review the exception to the headquarters rule in the light of the current situation of their work, and to report any changes to the Assembly through the Committee on Conferences.
Rapporteur: Mr. Uladzimir Gerus (Belarus)
However, issues of the protection of human rights have not become less urgent.
(v) Education and training for retail staff in respect of energy efficient products;
The ingredients for a good recipe regarding United Nations public information are at hand.
34. Encourages the inclusion of programmes of United Nations Radio, in all available languages, on the United Nations home page on the Internet;
(ii) the partial pressure (in bar) of air or other gases in the ullage space being determined by a maximum ullage temperature of 65 °C and a liquid expansion due to an increase in mean bulk temperature of tr - tf (tf = filling temperature usually 15°C; tr=50°C maximum mean bulk temperature); and
7. The Expert Group meeting also noted that a significant number of national constitutions from all regions of the world accord explicit recognition to the right to housing.
Fund balance Fund balances and reserves represent the difference between the assets and the liabilities of the organization.
This initiative provides a framework for implementing a strategy of burden-sharing among all creditors to reduce HIPC debt to a sustainable level.
Introductory statements were made by the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, and the Principal Officer of the Social Development and Poverty Elimination Division of UNDP.
The international community has come to recognize, as is often repeated in the Commission and the General Assembly, that drug abuse and drug trafficking have become truly global problems, and that only a concerted global response can be effective.
32. For ILO, information provided on reform covered the period from 1990 to 1998.
Change subsidiary risk (column (b2)) from “8” to “3”.
11. At the 1489th and 1490th meetings, on 1 and 2 July 1998, the representatives of Portugal and Indonesia made further statements (see A/AC.109/SR.1489-1490).
Gender issues and mainstreaming were also addressed in sectoral resolutions and agreed conclusions.
Moreover, IFAD would ensure that the proposals would be subject to adequate quality control and would assure donors of financial due diligence in the operations of the facility.
What are the pros and cons of a centralized agency versus a multi-agency approach?
7. The expenditures for programme and programme support activities (schedule 1.1) were incurred against a revised allotment of $5,270,600 approved by the Executive Director for the biennium ended 31 December 1997, and against a revised allocation of $1,134,400 for the special account for programme support costs (schedule 8.1), broken down by programme as follows (in United States dollars):
Furthermore, during the first half of 1996, because of the cash flow crisis faced by the Organization, funding originally earmarked for the contractual translation and contractual text-processing of publications was frozen as priority was given to the handling of pre-session documents needed for meetings.
II. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations
(i) The need to harmonize operational procedures (joint versus collaborative programming).
De facto, many data, methodological and conceptual problems involved in the measurement of ERPs lead to the frequent use of nominal rates of tariff escalation as a proxy.
14. The Secretary-General estimates the maintenance budget of MINURCA for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998, on a full-cost basis, at $28,774,500 gross ($28,038,000 net), inclusive of budgeted voluntary contributions in kind estimated at $1,137,500.
State Security (Detention of Persons) Decree No. 2 of 1984 should be repealed.
Madagascar, Mali and Mozambique are already linked up under this initiative, and agreements for future link-ups exist with nine more African countries.
The OPS frequently requests UNCTAD to provide certain specialized technical cooperation services in UNCTAD’s areas of competence.
Some Parties, while using the above method for the winter period, employ a slightly different method, incorporating a threshold temperature, to calculate the HDD index for the spring and autumn.
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
Such concerns added weight to arguments for developed country Parties to the Convention to take a decisive lead at Kyoto in abandoning “business-as-usual” and motivating economic actors to shift their activities to climate-friendly paths.
Report of the Commission on the Status of Women on its forty-second session and provisional agenda and documentation for the forty-third session of the Commission
These statements merely repeat the Greek-Greek Cypriot camp's one-sided views and attempt to conceal, once again, the root cause of the Cyprus dispute for which the Greek Cypriot side and Greece are jointly responsible.
The Sub-Commission, in its decision 1995/118 of 24 August 1995, welcomed the second progress report of the Special Rapporteur and decided to request him to submit a third progress report to the Working Group at its fourteenth session and to the Sub-Commission at its forty-eighth session.
The total volume of UNRWA’s 1997 regular budget was $351.8 million, of which $312.0 million represented the cash portion and $39.8 million the in-kind portion, mainly donations for the special hardship and the nutrition and supplementary feeding programmes.
After the workshop, a survey contact group was established as the forum for the further development of standards for national surveys.
Item 113 (b) of the preliminary listA/53/50.
Such oversight could be carried out by empowering the Publications Board and its Working Committee to set overall standards and guidelines by which author departments would screen their publication proposals submitted to the Board.
Between 1400 and 1545 hours Israeli forces and their client militia fired a number of 155-mm artillery shells on the environs of Siddiqin, Qabrikha, Jibal al-Butum, Zibqin and Yatar from their positions at Rajmayn, Tall Ya`qub and Markaba.
3. The present report reproduces the replies received as at 14 August 1998.
“(k) Contributions towards banning anti-personnel landmines;
(b) The General Assembly, in its resolutions 50/212 A, 50/212 B, 50/212 C, 51/214 and 51/214 B approved the funding through December 1997, half from credits arising from previous budgets of the United Nations Protection Force and half from assessments on Member States in accordance with the regular budget scale of assessments for 1996 and 1997.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.22
The International Committee of the Red Cross reports that it is currently following around 140 cases of abductions.
(vi) A change in an accounting policy that has a material effect in the current period or may have a material effect in subsequent periods should be disclosed together with the reasons.
(ii) Article IV of the financial regulations
B. Organization of the work of the session 4 - 5 3
It added that there had been no attacks by Hindu extremists against the Catholic school where the woman taught.
Recalling further that it welcomes and fully supports efforts of convention secretariats, in response to requests from the respective conferences of the parties, to explore, where appropriate, modalities for suitable liaison arrangements in Geneva and/or New York for the purpose of enhancing linkages with delegations and organizations at those United Nations centres,
10. The information on contributions provided by the United Kingdom is for the budget years 1994-1995, 1995-1996 and 1996-1997.
Thus, for example, imports of processed agricultural products into the OECD grew by 5.4 per cent over the 1990s as against 2 per cent for unprocessed products.
27. It is also essential that a capacity be established to inform the public of all relevant developments and findings in the health sector as well as to utilize research undertaken in the region by national and international groups.
(h) Assessment of the consequences of mariculture for marine and coastal biological diversity;
66. It is noted that the State party has not yet made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention; some members of the Committee request that the possibility of such a declaration be considered.
The attached report (JIGE(IX)/4)* has been prepared on the ninth session of the Joint UNCTAD/IMO Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Maritime Liens and Mortgages and Related Subjects.
3. The resumed eighteenth session of the Board was held at UNIDO Headquarters, Vienna International Centre, from 17 to 19 November 1997 (5 plenary meetings — see IDB.18/SR.3-7). I. ORGANIZATIONAL AND PROCEDURAL MATTERS
UNESCO has selected five pilot countries (Burundi, the Congo, Ethiopia, Liberia and Mali) to undertake national studies on communications and peace-building.
The Committee was further informed that the Director-General had sought such clarification and further delegation of authority.
This work includes the organization of lengthy missions to Africa and the countries concerned, as well as the preparation and submission of detailed reports to the Security Council, the most recent one of which was dated 26 January 1998 (S/1998/63).
II. Financial performance report for the liquidation of the United Nations Mission in Haiti from 1 to 31 July 1996
"The Palestinian side believes that the eighth preambular paragraph and operative paragraphs 5 and 6 of General Assembly resolution 52/52 are of great importance, as they reflect established positions of the international community consistent with international law.
The Secretariat will continue to offer suitable lead times wherever practicable.
Further, it is important to recall that the texts of all the previous relevant resolutions of the Commission (1994/46, 1995/43 and 1996/47) unfailingly also refer to the Sub—Commission, evidence proving beyond any doubt that the subject of terrorism and human rights has lately become a matter of great concern for the Commission.
The detailed breakdown is shown in the following table (in millions of United States dollars):
177. It was noted that the above-mentioned Regulations and Rules were in need of updating, primarily to reflect the new format of the medium-term plan, current practices and relevant resolutions of the General Assembly that were adopted since the last amendments approved by the Assembly in resolution 42/215 of 21 December 1987.
10. In respect of policies and procedures, since the adoption of the Buenos Aires Plan of Action, most organizations and agencies, including the regional economic commissions, have sought to adopt suitable policies and also to adapt their procedures in order to give greater emphasis to the promotion of TCDC and ECDC in the programmes supported by them.
Cooperation in the areas of investment and competition policies is particularly well established.
(Signed) Eduardo Frei Ruiz-Tagle President of Chile (Signed) Andrés Pastrana Arango
Informal consultations on the following draft proposals: A/C.2/52/L.3 (item 95 (c)), A/C.2/52/L.4 (item 95 (a)), A/C.2/52/L.7 and L.9 (item 99 (b)), A/C.2/52/L.16 (item 96 (a)), A/C.2/52/L.23 and L.26 (item 95 (b)), A/C.2/52/L.28 (item 12) and A/C.2/52/L.32 (item 100)
It may also be noted that the Secretary-General has recommended that any balances under the regular budget that are unspent at the end of the fiscal period be retained in the future.
IV. DRAFT CALENDAR OF CONFERENCES AND MEETINGS OF THE UNITED NATIONS
Europe and the Commmonwealth of Independent States
It would also be possible for staff representatives to propose candidates.
These were followed by the Board’s preliminary written findings, to which the secretariat likewise replied in writing; the Board then issued its final comments.
Mr. Kieran Prendergast, Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs, chaired the fourth meeting and Mr. Brahimi the fifth.
Economic and social development in Western Asia
In the latter case, the Base’s assistance was invaluable in the rapid re-establishment of UNOMIL after most of that Mission’s assets were looted or destroyed in the resurgence of civil war in early 1996.
The High Commissioner cannot attribute such qualities to the Eritrean authorities.
Without the services of two tilers, it will not be able to meet the large demand for this type of work.
On the other hand, the illegal practice by justices of the peace and State prosecutors of authorizing an extension of the period of police custody without seeing the detainee continued in many other places, especially Jacmel, Jérémie and Port-de-Paix.
TD/B/44/CRP.1 Review of the calendar of meetings
29. In line with the objective to bring management of staff closest to them, programme and line managers will be delegated authority to implement human resources policies on behalf of the Secretary-General.
14. Decides to keep under review during its fifty-third session the agenda item entitled “Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force”.
Recent press reports cast doubt, however, over the willingness of foreign investors to take equity positions in local financial institutions under current circumstances without some type of support from the Thai Government.13
6.6.1.3 When a substance is not assigned a portable tank instruction (T1 to T34, T50 or T75) in Column 10 of the Dangerous Goods List in Chapter 3.2, interim approval for transport may be issued by the competent authority of the country of origin.
There is in neither customary nor conventional international law any comprehensive and universal prohibition of the threat or use of nuclear weapons as such;
She noted with appreciation that Mr. James Gustav Speth, Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme, had written to resident coordinators requesting them to encourage Governments to ratify or comply with reporting obligations under the Convention and to assist where needed in the preparation of initial reports.
The Meeting which was organized by UNCTAD and the UNDP in close cooperation with the Mongolian Government, was held in Ulaanbaatar from 20 to 22 May 1997.
Oil and lubricants ($125,196) and fuel from Lebanon ($40,000) (from statistics derived from previous financial periods).
(b) Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the Preparatory Committee at its first substantive session a report focusing on the implementation of the ten commitments, including the three core issues, at the national, regional and international levels;
External recruitment continues to be frozen, which, by the way, has meant that the challenge of achieving overall gender equity among our staff is made more difficult.
For example, in some cases, the Claims Review Board had judged that damage to property had been caused by the wilful negligence of battalions, and recommended that some $290,000 of damage should be recovered from the relevant troop-contributing countries.
That is why our road is much longer and more difficult.
2. The mandate of UNMIH was terminated on 30 June 1996 by the Security Council in its resolution 1048 (1996) of 29 February 1996.
Moreover, previous UNDP programmes in this sector also yielded positive results in 1997, such as feeder-roads rehabilitation in collaboration with ILO, using a participatory approach and labour-intensive methods.
The Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination addressed a number of recommendations to the Cambodian Government which ought to be acted upon in a systematic fashion.
Table 2.4 Total Costs ABBREVIATIONS AND ACRONYMS
These developments enhance the recognition of human rights and the enjoyment of these rights by women.
75. The Committee recommends that refugee and migrant women be provided with adequate information to protect them from traffickers and others who seek to exploit women for the purposes of prostitution.
The member States, however, agreed that it was necessary to review some of the protocols in order to take into account the new developments in the transit system.
The Committee notes with concern reports of arbitrary restrictions imposed by the authorities on the right to freedom of movement within Iraq and freedom to leave the territory of the State party, in breach of Iraq's obligations under article 12 of the Covenant.
Delegations are kindly requested to submit names, indicating the specific panel for which they are being proposed, to the Division for the Advancement of Women (DC2-1216), no later than Friday, 31 October 1997.
Recent global agreements in the environmental field, notably on climate change, biodiversity, the ozone layer and hazardous wastes, may be seen as having provided a stimulus both to international economic cooperation and to development cooperation.
5. Since 1978, ILO has been monitoring the situation of Palestinian workers and has consistently maintained that it can best serve their interests and those of Palestinian employers through the provision of adequate and appropriate technical assistance.
The informal group of Friends of the Chair recommended that the meeting in Buenos Aires complete the first reading of the draft convention, which had been started during the seventh session of the Commission, and begin negotiations on the consolidated text.
D. Staff development, performance management and career support
L’Association des universités partiellement ou entièrement de langue française/Université des réseaux d’expression française (AUPELF/UREF) (The Association of Partially or Wholly French-Language Universities/University of French-Language Networks);
3. As at 21 August 1998, a reply had been received from the International Court of Justice.
Therefore, the losses incurred by the Claimant were not reasonably avoidable.
Between 1700 and 1850 hours Israeli forces and the client militia directed several bursts of fire at the area around Qasr Ghandur in Nabatiyah and at Wadi Bisri from their positions on Ali al-Tahir hill and Anan hill.
for 1998, the first year of the biennium, the current regime will continue, whereby the financial requirements for the Convention will be met, on the one hand, from the regular budget of the United Nations approved by the General Assembly and, on the other, from the two extrabudgetary funds established pursuant to resolution 47/188.
The International Labour Office had prepared for this purpose a document entitled "Child labour: what is to be done", in which it was presented that the effective implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child was an essential element in protecting children from economic exploitation.
The Minister said that the list was not final, and emphasized that the amnesty is not applicable to those who committed war crimes.
16. On 30 October, over the course of the 3rd, 4th and 5th meetings of the AGBM, the Chairmen of the informal consultation groups reported on progress made in their respective groups, which had met as follows:
With respect to the Human Rights Committee, the chairpersons remained concerned about the excessive number of pending cases and growing backlog of unanswered correspondence, which seriously calls into question the effectiveness of the Human Rights Committee and consequently of the Optional Protocol procedure.
14. Calls upon States parties to the Convention, in accordance with their obligation under article 42 of the Convention, to make the principles and provisions of the Convention widely known to adults and children alike, and also calls upon States parties to encourage training on the rights of the child for those involved in activities concerning children, for example through the programme of advisory services and technical cooperation in the field of human rights;
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF CHILDREN
Letter dated 15 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
Total requirements for the 12-month period amount to $850,000 and include $200,000 for the installation of a lighting system on the Klisa airport runway, $150,000 for the repair of the main terminal and office buildings at the Klisa airport and $500,000 for refurbishing of military camps and other sites, including office buildings, when they are returned to their owners.
While food security remains a national problem, the production of food commodities has increased. This has reduced the need for food aid which was previously provided to the general population.
In my capacity as Chairman of the Arab Group for the month of May 1998, and on behalf of the States members of the League of Arab States, I have the honour to bring the following to your attention.
In this respect, there should be close cooperation among States and between them and the international community.
48. In view of the above, all previous recommendations of the Special Rapporteur remain valid.
A statement issued by the organizations noted that the bill would totally relieve the security forces of responsibility for harm done to the civilian population of the territories.
11. Notes further the significant success of the Peace Implementation Programme of the Agency;
In 1996, the Tribunal occupied 7,271 square metres at a cost of $1.7 million, comprising office space, one courtroom and other facilities.
17. Regrets that the provisions of the decision contained in paragraph 79 of resolution 52/220 were not implemented, since the required report was not considered before 1998 activities related to country special rapporteurs were implemented;
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the repre-sentatives of the United Kingdom and the United States.
1. Strongly condemns the indiscriminate firing by the Indian army at the innocent civilian population residing inside Azad Jammu and Kashmir, which has resulted in a large number of civilian casualties;
223. Security Council – Governing Council of the United Nations Compensation Commission established pursuant to Security Council resolution 687 (1991)
Another important development with regard to ports relates to the establishment in the land-locked countries of dry ports, where all customs clearance formalities are done and which significantly expedite the movement of transit cargo to inland destinations.
(g) The need for increased assistance to family members, in particular women, taking care of the elderly;
They called once again for the withdrawal of all occupation forces and settlers, the return of the refugees to their homes in conditions of safety, the restoration of and respect for human rights of all Cypriots and the accounting for all missing persons.
At 1330 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew over Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr.
4. Calls upon all States Parties to the Protocol to attend the first annual conference, and notes that the Parties, under provisions to be adopted in accordance with paragraph 2 of article 13, may decide to invite representatives of States not parties to the Protocol, and of the International Committee of the Red Cross;
Projections to 2020 revealed a different pattern: only two Parties projected a decrease, while the other eight Parties projected an increase, five of them of more than 25 per cent.
The increase in average monthly rates is due to inflation as a result of the introduction of the kuna as the local currency.
International cooperation is key to ensuring that the benefits of globalization are shared equitably.
We support the involvement of the private sector in the development and implementation of the concrete projects of interest to the BSEC Participating States.
353. The item entitled “Improving the working methods and procedures of the Committee for Programme and Coordination within the framework of its mandate” was included in the programme of work of the Committee as an approach to encourage the promotion of all its potential.
Likewise, any suggestions for topics to be included in the work of UNCITRAL should also be transmitted to the General Assembly.
101. The Special Committee recommends that, in approving the programme of work outlined above, the General Assembly make adequate provision to cover the activities that the Special Committee envisages for 1999.
2. Mr. Sergei I. Mareyev (Russian Federation) was nominated by his Government to fill the unexpired portion of the term of office of Mr. Deineko, that is, until 31 December 1999.
365. The Committee welcomes the adoption of the Bill of Human Rights Ordinance; it notes, however, that this Bill is unentrenched.
Training for field site managers in on-line conference facilitation and related facilities (2 instructor work-months at $5,000 per month) (in support of activity (b) under para. 58).
As indicated in paragraph 9 of the present report (see also annex III, para. 11), and in accordance with the independent experts’ recommendations (see annex II, recommendation 6), some additional resources are requested to ensure a smooth transition after the completion of the contract in order to complete the transfer of knowledge necessary for the United Nations to take over full maintenance of the software.
To achieve this, the subprogramme pursued a two-pronged approach, namely, promotion and application.
As a result, economic activity and aid operations have expanded, and as a further result, security has increased.
ITSD is establishing a monitoring system that will make it possible to track progress in compliance at the departmental level and at offices away from Headquarters.
Over the years, the work programme of the Consultative Committee has assumed a role supportive of the work of the United Nations.
Between 1710 and 1845 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia directed several bursts of fire in the direction of Wadi Bisri and the environs of Yahmur from their positions at Beaufort Castle and on Tallat Anan.
A wide range of opinions among commission members also makes for independence.
35. Substantial investment is proceeding in the energy sector, which will have a positive impact on Mozambique’s economy.
The team felt that the United Kingdom has to be commended for the scope and quality of both national and international climate change research.
6. At its 31st meeting, on 16 November, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.11 without a vote (see para. 8).
46. It was felt that regional organizations were best placed to deliver the security benefit.
The tent had been set up a month earlier in protest against the takeover by settlers of two Arab houses.
Cooperation between FAO and these OIC institutions focused on areas of common interest, such as rural development and food security, training in agricultural policy analysis, and the trade of fish products.
The Unit also will write basic guidelines derived from experience gained from the above-mentioned liquidations.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rap- porteurs and representatives
(e) Notes by the Secretary-General transmitting:
18. Letter dated 19 February 1983 from the Permanent Representative of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15615).
81. In addition to legal protection, it is time for Member States to recognize that the cost of providing security is the price of implementing successfully the mandated activities of the Organization.
Managed care firms are resented by independent medical practitioners, who fear a reduction in their autonomy, in their incomes and in the quality of medical treatment, but they find it difficult to compete with the managed care enterprises.
Over 200 motions have been heard and a corresponding number of decisions have been rendered by the Tribunal since 1996.
(Signed) Agis LOIZOU Chargé d'Affaires a.i.
There is also a need to develop national capacities to define and select appropriate debt strategies.
If a majority of States parties request the depositary to convene a conference to consider the proposed amendments, the depositary shall invite all States parties to attend such a conference to begin not sooner than 30 days after the invitations are issued.
The meeting initiated discussions on registration and residence permit (propiska) procedures and similar registration systems existing in the CIS countries and their impact on the right of both citizens and non-citizens to freedom of movement and choice of place of residence.
66. The Special Committee believes that the Secretariat has not provided convincing explanations for the proposed organizational structure and staffing of the Department, taking into account recent trends.
It further decided that guidelines for the exemption of humanitarian goods be developed to ensure that applications are expeditiously dealt with.
References to decisions liberating people from places of detention, abolishing the death penalty or extending pardon for death sentences, reforms of the administration of justice and strengthening of procedures offering the individual concerned the means to claim his or her rights, among others, are also very encouraging.
Mr. Mandela stressed that “unless the political leaders, including Xanana Gusmão, are set free, it will not be possible to normalize the situation in East Timor”.
The latter commune, on the lakeside, is the southernmost commune of the country and the main point of entry and exit for rebel groups operating out of the United Republic of Tanzania.
Moreover, the Committee requested an update on the status of development of some of the measures mentioned in the report, such as the preparation of an air operations manual to ensure maximum efficiency and effectiveness of air resources (para. 84), among others.
The rates are highest in Latin America and the Caribbean and the developing economies of East Asia.
Developers/programmers to build interactive interface to on-line directories (6 work-months at $5,000 per month);
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the item should be allocated to the Fifth Committee, on the understanding that the reports of the Joint Inspection Unit dealing with subject matters assigned to other Main Committees would be also referred to those Committees.
As a follow-up action, the activities of the Centre include a comprehensive gender policy; support for the Women for Peace Network: “No Homes Without Peace, No Peace Without Homes”; support for a campaign for women’s land and property rights in the United Republic of Tanzania; and the elaboration of gender-aware sustainable environment indicators.
This enabled the prosecution to clearly establish the course of events and the degree of participation of each defendant.
64. The Committee recommends that the State party take the necessary steps to implement article 4 (b) of the Convention. The Committee further recommends that the State party include in its next report information on complaints of discrimination under article 4 of the Convention and on actions taken by prosecution authorities and by the competent courts, as well as, where appropriate, on reparation granted to victims.
Leaders agreed that this vacancy represents an excellent opportunity to promote a candidate from among the South Pacific Forum members.
The role of the rapporteur is described in the previous report (A/52/40, para. 469).
82. Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions [General Assembly resolution 173 (II)]
It is also assumed that the probability of such missions being started is 0.3 (30 per cent) for a medium-sized mission and 0.7 (70 per cent) for a small mission, and that these probabilities are independent.
Social life has deteriorated in spite of the global increase in wealth.
falls under a block exemption regulation of the Government (article 16) and is thereby exempted. (Three kinds of “negative clearances”, article 18 (1)).
The Commission noted that the adjustment in the base/floor salary scale would be effected through the use of the standard method of consolidating post adjustment multiplier points on a no-loss/no-gain basis.
In support of this view it was pointed out that Chapter VII of the Charter contained no reference whatsoever to disputes or conflicts underlying a threat to the peace, a breach of the peace or an act of aggression.
A plan for strengthening Israel’s control over Jerusalem was announced in June, with the creation of a Greater Jerusalem umbrella municipality with administrative powers over an enlarged area encompassing nearby towns in Israel and a number of settlements in the West Bank, with the stated purpose of linking them and strengthening the Jewish majority in the entire area.
Meeting of Experts on Strengthening the Capacity 16-18 June and Expanding Exports of Developing Countries in
This final report is submitted to the Sub—Commission at its present session in accordance with the above—mentioned decision and, in the light of comments, may be submitted to the Commission on Human Rights for consideration in its revised version.
247. The view was expressed that recommendation 3 did not conform with existing procedures.
324. The Committee recommends that the State party use all effective measures to familiarize the public with the Convention, in order to change traditional prejudices against certain minorities, and to convey messages of tolerance.
A suggestion was also made to add “acquire” to “use or possess”.
Mindful that United Nations visiting missions provide an effective means of ascertaining the situation in the Territories, and considering that the possibility of sending further visiting missions to the Territories at an appropriate time and in consultation with the administering Powers should be kept under review,
Countries which have traditionally attracted foreign patients are the developed countries which can offer health providers of international reputation, specialized treatment, and state-of-the-art technology.
3. (c) Recommending further measures, as appropriate, for the promotion and protection of the rights of persons belonging
Regarding the prescribing of market access in development-friendly agreements, this was indeed a very delicate question.
In addition, workshops were held, at which the participating non-governmental organizations decided on a number of activities to be carried out in future, in particular regarding Israeli settlements, Jerusalem, the closures, promoting respect for the Fourth Geneva Convention, and refugees, as well as monitoring of the media in order to ensure fairness and accuracy.
1026. The Committee expresses its concern about the lack of prohibition in local legislation of the use of corporal punishment, however light, in schools, at home and in institutions; in the view of the Committee this contravenes the principles and provisions of the Convention, in particular articles 3, 5, 6, 19, 28 (para. 2), 37 (a) and (c) and 39.
A country-wide information, education and communication campaign was launched and institutional arrangements were strengthened.
Trade facilitation, business information and adequate human resource development in the field of enterprise management and trade—support services will occupy a prominent position in the strategies of all Governments and enterprises involved in international trade.
10. With regard to foreign trade, the major characteristic is the dramatic increase in the balance-of-trade deficit, from US$ 73 million in 1996 to US$ 187.4 million in 1997.
a These amounts have been reduced to $2,275,200 gross ($3,023,900 net) after providing for the requirements for completion of the liquidation tasks.
1. Role of science and technology in the context of international security, disarmament and other related fields (D.63).
Maximum admissible level Maximum education grant
The team included experts from Costa Rica, Finland, Poland and the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Overall, the Division’s focus was on operational activities, which accounted for over 90 per cent of its resources.
6.6.4.2 General design and construction requirements 6.6.4.2.1 Shells shall be designed and constructed in accordance with the requirements of a pressure vessel code recognized by the competent authority.
43. In UNICEF, the Board examined 57 special service agreements and found that payments in 23 cases (40 per cent) were made without the required evaluation reports.
What was a programme under the regulation is now a subprogramme, and the concept of a subprogramme under the current regulation has been superseded.
(in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 52/64)
The policy of promoting blacks to managerial positions at all levels within the country, including the highest political organs, is welcomed.
Arrangements have been made for the seventh session of the Ad Hoc Group on the Berlin Mandate (AGBM) to be held at the Hotel Maritim, Bonn, from 31 July to 7 August 1997.
Council of Europe activities have included a conference on child sexual exploitation held at Strasbourg during April 1998, and an international seminar on trafficking in human beings for the purpose of sexual exploitation held in June 1998.
21. Individuals engaged under a consultant contract will serve in a personal capacity and not as representatives of a Government or of any other authority external to the United Nations.
3. Many companies involved in the export and import of medicines and agricultural products have been greatly harmed, especially after their accounts in various banks were frozen.
22. In fact, there has since been a radical change in the legislative situation in the region, but this did not materialize until after the Special Rapporteur C.L.C. Mubanga-Chipoya had finished his work.
Between 1115 and 1150 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar and directed several bursts of fire at the Mu`aytah woodland from their positions at Tall Ya`qub and on Rum hill.
Failing this, delegations are urged to provide six copies for interpreters and record-writers before the speaker takes the floor.
Between 2205 and 2240 hours two Israeli helicopters overflew Qal`at al-Shaqif (Château de Beaufort) and Burj and Ali al-Tahir hills at medium altitude.
(c) Report of the Trade and Development Board on its eighteenth executive session (Geneva, 10 July 1998) (A/53/15 (Part III)); 1
The second handyman would function as a carpenter responsible for the assembly and maintenance of prefabricated units.
825. The Committee is concerned about the need to strengthen the State party's limited capacity to collect and process data, as well as to monitor specific indicators to evaluate progress achieved and to assess the impact of existing policies on children, in particular the most vulnerable children.
On 4 March 1985 Israeli forces carried out another massacre in the village of Ma‛rakah, killing 15 people and wounding 45.
In view of the unstable security situation in the mission area, the additional provision for the six regional headquarters is considered essential in ensuring the safety and protection of United Nations personnel and property.
On the third round of balloting (second restricted ballot), having obtained the required two-thirds majority, India and Poland were elected members of the Economic and Social Council for a three-year term beginning on 1 January 1998.
The Advisory Committee recommends that these proposals be approved.
The Special Representative urges the Council to remain actively engaged on this issue.
The briefings as of 6 October will take place at 3.30 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
The Committee is reviewing all of the data that are available, including those from human populations, to establish the degree of risk.
“5. Having regard to your answer to question 4, do you consider that to effectuate the proposal it is necessary to amend both the Statute of the International Court of Justice and the Charter (as distinct from the Statute), or that amending the Statute suffices?”
The SBI took note of the report of the secretariat on the progress made in the review of the first national communications from Annex I Parties and in the submission of second national communications.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur (Council decision 1998/267).
28. There was great satisfaction expressed by the Board at the re-establishment of the Department for Disarmament Affairs, as it reaffirmed the centrality of the United Nations in the pursuit of global disarmament and security.
6. The above-mentioned change would imply that the International Organization of la Francophonie would assume the rights and responsibilities of the former Agency for Cultural and Technical Cooperation as an observer invited by the General Assembly in its resolution 38/18 to participate in the sessions and the work of the General Assembly and of its subsidiary organs.
This includes minors who are without any adult care, minors who are entirely on their own, minors who are with minor siblings but who, as a group, are unsupported by any adult responsible for them, and minors who are with informal foster families.
One solution for improving the quality and quantity of accountants would be via a benchmark for professional qualifications.
113. At UNTAES, which was established in January 1996, Administrative Services had difficulty in obtaining a sufficient number of experienced staff.
Report of the Secretary-General on human rights and unilateral coercive measures (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.33)
Thirty-five plots are said to have been allocated to some 120 families. Half of the 100 housing units in the settlement’s new neighbourhood are said to be under construction, with residents awaiting the opening of a $10 million factory which would provide some 80 new jobs, in addition to a NIS 30 million college campus, which would create 120 new jobs.
4. A reply dated 19 August 1998 was received from Israel, covering various aspects of resolutions 52/57 to 52/63.
(b) Also recalled conclusions 94/13 and 97/13 of the Programme and Budget Committee on the dates of its sessions;
6.6.4.14.12 When evidence of any unsafe condition is discovered, the portable tank shall not be returned to service until it has been corrected and the test is repeated and passed.
106. IDAAS should be seen as a comprehensive system where inputs from the national, regional and international levels are equally important.
Statements were made by the representatives of the United States, Uganda and Cuba.
4. Strengthening the capacities to respond to international operational requirements in the field of human rights and democratization, such as through the possible establishment of a common roster of European human rights and democracy experts, for human rights field operations and electoral assistance and monitoring;
Conscious of the existence of different means of peaceful settlement of disputes, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and recognized by international law, and reaffirming in this context the right of free choice of those means,
39. The South-east Asia Subregional Action Plan, adopted by signatories to a memorandum of understanding concluded by Cambodia, China, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Myanmar, Thailand and Viet Nam, is proving instrumental in furthering cooperation efforts in south-east Asia.
The remaining four F-16, as well as the two KC-135 exited after their flight within the Nicosia FIR in a south-easterly direction.
10 July 1998 Original: English Fifty-third session
88. The Special Rapporteur is alarmed at consistent disregard by Serbian state security forces throughout the Republic of international standards, as well as domestic law and procedures, governing police conduct and the treatment of pre-trial detainees.
In 1988 the Governing Body recommended and the International Labour Conference subsequently approved the adoption of a system of assessments denominated in Swiss francs combined with the forward purchase of the United States dollar expenditure requirements of the budget.
32. There was an urgent need to reconcile the objective of freer trade with non-economic factors such as consumer protection, equity, standards, cultural and national security considerations.
7. A high-level working group of the General Assembly should be established to consider the extent to which the veto should be extended to new permanent members.
The emergence of such institutions, alongside established ones, in the same sectors or industries often signals dissatisfaction among the business community with the existing forms of representation, particularly its coverage in terms of membership, sectors and issues addressed.
Low prices resulted from the classification of the settlements as development area “A” which reduced by 50 per cent the price of land.
It entered into force on 2 September 1990, in accordance with the provisions of its article 49.
One delegation pointed to the Department’s successes, such as the Blue Books series and the UN Chronicle, which had been improved.
(i) Election of officers of the Conference of the Parties other than the President
There was broad agreement on the value of regular political consultations between the two organizations, including at the level of Secretary-General.
Report of the Secretary-General on the strengthening of the rule of law (A/53/309)
Letter dated 26 January 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of Kazakhstan and Turkmenistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/60)
Reference was made earlier to ACIS, which provides new techniques to facilitate the flow of operational information along transit corridors.
The Panel is aware that the total amount of the workers’ funds deposited on or after 2 July 1990 in Iraq may well exceed the amount for which Egypt has been able to provide payment orders.
5. The Monastery of Panagia Apsinthiotissa in Sichari has been abandoned, looted and vandalized. Its precious frescoes have been destroyed (photographs 7, 8 and 9).
The space to be used for provisional detention cells in AICC has still not been made available.
(b) In operative paragraph 9, the words “Takes note of the progress” were replaced by the words “Takes note of the efforts”; and the words “with a view to establishing” were replaced by the words “which is intended to establish”;
The High Commissioner cannot claim that Ethiopia has not explained the rationale for the steps taken with regard to some Eritrean nationals in Ethiopia.
53. The representative of the United States of America stated that he disagreed entirely with Morocco and Pakistan regarding the output of the Group and its future.
With flexible management, it will not, therefore, be necessary to automatically add three teams for the third courtroom.
25. It would have been perhaps better if the other concurrent processes, which in the final analysis determined the practical fate of this operation, had moved faster.
The United Nations Group of Experts is paying particular attention to this area.
(c) Emission limitation commitments for each Party should be specified as proportional shares of a global emissions budget, with reference to a longer term atmospheric concentration goal consistent with the ultimate objective of the Convention to prevent dangerous anthropogenic interference with the climate.
Special attention is paid to issues of particular relevance to girls, such as prevention of sexual exploitation and reproductive health.
Moreover, in dealing with public-key cryptography, those uniform rules might need to accommodate various levels of security and to recognize the various legal effects and levels of liability corresponding to the various types of services being provided in the context of digital signatures.
Political, humanitarian and electoral components were also established in UNOMIL, later followed by a human rights component.
In all budget periods each Annex [*] Party shall be in compliance with its emissions budget, which defines the overall emissions allowed in each budget period, which shall equal the emissions allowed under paragraph 117.2 or 117.3:
5. Stresses the need for the continuous development, maintenance and enrichment of United Nations Web sites, with a view to achieving equal treatment of the six official languages on those Web sites;
Furthermore, even if the current recovery could be sustained in the coming years, it would not by itself contain the continued marginalization of LDCs in world trade or enhance their necessary integration into the global trading system, or make much headway in alleviating poverty.
1. It would only involve a one-time expenditure within the framework of the 1998-1999 biennium made possible because of extra resources that have been allocated as a result of underspending;
Foreign investment issues and policies are now at the top of the international economic agenda.
• Meetings between incoming and outgoing bureaux of functional commissions are important for continuity of work.
173. It was suggested that informal briefings be organized regularly for interested delegations by the programme managers of the Department.
Item 12 (b) of the provisional agendaHS/C/16/1.
The Committee points out, however, that there were many services that the mission provided for directly from its budget, and, in the absence of an elaborate accounting system, the probability is high that the mission will pay twice for items that will also be covered under the new wet-lease arrangements.
9. A total of $751,275.55 had been recovered as at 31 December 1997, and the balance of $5,560,925.98 remains outstanding.
Based on negotiations with the troop-contributing countries currently being conducted, provision of $906,800 is made for 2.5 months for the reimbursement of costs associated with major equipment and its maintenance ($735,000) and for the estimated requirements for minor equipment and consumables ($171,800).
The Eritrean Government makes this undertaking to the world.
3. Calls upon all States parties to the Convention, in accordance with article 1 common to the four Geneva Conventions, Ibid., Nos. 970–973. to exert all efforts in order to ensure respect for its provisions by Israel, the occupying Power, in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967;
Such data banks are extremely useful, and they could eventually contain indicators of excellence and quality control.
Candidates are now routinely screened before being placed on the roster.
(c) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting a list of the titles of the treaties appearing in the publication Multilateral Treaties Deposited with the Secretary-General (A/53/525);
8. Within the General Fund there shall be maintained a working capital reserve at a level to be determined from time to time by the Conference of the Parties by consensus.
In IAEA, an area of major concern was the protection of confidential information, in particular as it related to nuclear safeguards.
MIDDLE EAST: UNITED NATIONS INTERIM FORCE IN LEBANON
Statement II. United Nations all funds summary: statement of assets, liabilities, reserves and fund balances as at
Tentative Schedule of Work ‒ First Session of the Conference of the Parties
The strengthening of the overall coherence of the United Nations system is, indeed, one of the underlying themes of that programme.
38. The working group of the Technological Innovations Board should be reactivated and a policy on the use of information technology, providing for, inter alia, standardization of hardware and software should be established soon.
4. In view of the fact that the new Special Rapporteur has just been appointed, the General Assembly will not have before it, at its fifty-third session, an interim report on the situation of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions worldwide.
These should reflect a common analysis of the political context and a common assessment of needs.
14. African Export-Import Bank (AFREXIMBANK)
Efficient supply of support services: redefinition of the role of the state
Rail traffic: The level of funding required to rehabilitate the rail network and to purchase additional rolling stock and equipment in the various regions and subregions has been impressive, but continued support in this area is important.
Their exercise of this right shall afford them protection against intimidation and reprisals.
Welcoming resolution GC(XXXIV)/RES/530 establishing a Code of Practice on the International Transboundary Movement of Radioactive Waste, adopted on 21 September 1990 by the General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency at its thirty-fourth regular session, See International Atomic Energy Agency, Resolutions and Other Decisions of the General Conference, Thirty-fourth Regular Session, 17–21 September 1990 (GC(XXXIV)/RESOLUTIONS (1990)).
Economic and social development in Africa
For example, UNDP has provided support to ICRISAT (India), IITA (Nigeria), CIMMYT (Mexico), ICRAF (Kenya), CIAT (Columbia) and ICARDA (Syria).
In its decision 10/7, taken at its tenth session, the INCD invited members to submit to the Secretariat suggestions on the modalities of CST work on (a) inventories of research, traditional and local technology, knowledge, know-how and practices, and (b) research priorities.
In this regard, concern is also expressed that religious courts may pass judgements on some family issues which may be construed as discriminating against members of ethnic groups, including refugees and foreign workers.
6. The will citizens expressed at the elections is a sovereign will, and this principle, on which modern democracies, including the United States of America, are based, equally applies to Serbia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.
3. Furthermore, it is clear that the Covenant is not the type of treaty which, by its nature, implies a right of denunciation.
UNICEF is also developing a training package in collaboration with the Department of Peacekeeping Operations regarding the responsibilities of peacekeepers towards civilian communities in general and the rights of children and women in particular.
Delegation does not represent a panacea for the difficult problems facing peacekeeping.
Staff members in receipt of MSA, however, continued to receive the entitlements of their parent duty stations to address their financial obligations at these duty stations.
Eight F-16 and four F-4 violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the area of Karpasia before exiting in a south-easterly direction.
At the time of its review, the Board noted that 11 out of 20 Governments that had submitted payment distribution reports had deducted a processing fee.
(b) To approve the related revisions to the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations;
33. Regarding issues of information technology, including the year 2000 problem, funds and specialized agencies of the United Nations system report to their respective governing bodies.
I have taken careful note of suggestions made for enhancing our interaction in this field.
The second event is an afternoon press seminar featuring top international experts on the scientific and socio-economic aspects of desertification.
“The international community must not enter the third millennium with the prospect that the maintenance of these weapons will be considered legitimate for the indefinite future, when the present juncture provides a unique opportunity to eradicate and prohibit them for all time.
When other inner packagings or articles are used they shall have the same physical characteristics (mass, etc) as the inner packagings or articles to be carried.
32. As has been brought out in this report, there were serious management deficiencies and apparent breaches of financial regulations and rules as well as improprieties and irregularities in the procurement processes, which in some cases resulted in significant losses to the Organization.
42. The Board considers that more objective results would be obtained if the ICSC secretariat widened the scope of its survey.
The senior management of the Asian Development Bank has approved a UNDCP proposal to set up a focal point on drug control within the Bank.
A participant who is separated from the service of a member organization and who again becomes a participant in the Fund in accordance with article 21(a) of the Regulations within 12 months after such separation and without a benefit having been paid to him shall continue his participation in accordance with article 21(b).
(b) Letter dated 22 July 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/204);
Additionally, if the concept of discrimination were better defined, for example in the commentary, the text would be clearer and more precise.
As of October 1998, over 1,000 bodies had been exhumed, which is almost twice the number in the previous two years combined.
(ii) Normal costs of packing, crating and lift vans, cartage, unpacking and uncrating shall be reimbursed.
(b) Coordination of activities to be included in the respective biennial budgets for the years 2000–2001;
The understanding of the military court, which has no basis in law, is that those matters come under its jurisdiction because the “state of war” in effect since 1997 has not been lifted.
UNESCO, in partnership with the Palestinian Authority, the European Commission, UNDP and the World Bank, organized an international donors conference in Brussels in May 1998 where the Action Plan was presented.
18. Cooperation between United Nations peacekeeping missions, programmes and agencies and OSCE missions and field activities has further strengthened in the countries which have emerged from the former Yugoslavia.
The Committee resumed its general discussion of Part X of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of the United States, Algeria and Cuba.
(b) The complexity of the process itself, with its complicated methodology for determining debt sustainability and for working out a burden-sharing framework among creditors.
Section B of that chapter reviews changes in the geographical spread of illicit drug trafficking and outlines regional developments in drug trafficking in the 1990s.
(f) Provide consolidated policy advice rather than separate sectoral resolutions.
1300. The Committee expresses its appreciation to the State party for the submission of its initial report and its written answers to the list of issues.
19. In the case of eastern, central-eastern and south-eastern Europe, discussions among Bulgaria, Greece, Hungary, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Turkey are in progress on the establishment of a network of space science and technology education and research institutions.
The institutionalization and detention of children must be avoided as much as possible and alternatives to such practices must be developed and implemented.
“1. Takes note of the decision of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal in judgement No. 852, Balogun;
The Commission noted that 902 staff members had been randomly selected to participate in the survey, and that 415 of them had provided usable information.
The appeal shall be put to the vote immediately and the ruling shall stand unless overruled by a majority of the Parties present and voting.
146. During the year, 47 fellows from 17 different countries visited UNU/IIST.
Secondly, there is that of deciding whether the gross and massive violations of human rights committed fall under the heading of international crimes.
In the case of precursor chemicals, there was a need for harmonization at the regional level, as was already done by the States of the European Community, as well as increased interregional cooperation.
Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s
They were served with a military order stating that it was a closed military zone and were asked to disperse.
The level of such staffing provided in most missions is generally insufficient, even for investigations into fraud, traffic accidents and major theft.
110. Treatment and state of health of detained staff.
Russian Federation and Tajikistan to the United Nations
Contractual Services for analysing the problems arising after the implementation of Release 4, and the enhancement necessary Releases 3 and 4 during the transition ($1,100,000)
Her Group hoped that arrangements would be made to cater for non-English-speaking delegations so that they too could participate effectively.
This consists of an additional quantified summary of overall programme delivery and explanations of changes compared with the estimates in the biennial performance report for 1996–1997.
The 1997 organizational session of the Disarmament Com- mission was opened by the Chairman, H.E. Sr. Andelfo J. García (Colombia), who made a statement.
8. Provisional agenda for the thirty-ninth session.
The Economic Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) also has a long history of supporting regional institutions, such as the Asian Institute of Technology at Bangkok, the Mekong secretariat (in collaboration with UNDP) and the Aral Sea Authority.
At 1340 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the Tibnin area at high altitude.
Unarmed military observers have been deployed in conflicts where the opposing forces are well disciplined, maintain order in the area and respond to a political authority, which agreed to (or requested) a United Nations role and can be held responsible for any threats to peacekeepers in the international arena.
Unladen (tare) mass_kg NOTE: For the identification of the non-refrigerated liquefied gases being transported, see also Part 5.
a The combined figures corresponding to the number of items allocated to plenary meetings and the Main Committees are higher than the totals appearing in the last column as some items have split allocation.
A systematic review of each cost-recovery arrangement needs to be undertaken with a view to establishing an equitable, uniform approach that avoids this situation.
The results are communicated to the developer, who implements the changes.
It was suggested that internationally recognized and objective criteria should be used, where competitiveness could be one of them.
Annex I: Summary of requirements by programme and income for 1999
Furthermore, it is UNHCR’s policy that female genital mutilation may be considered a form of torture.76
UNDP senior staff have already been attending meetings of the IMIS Steering Committee.
I should be grateful if the text of the present letter and its annex 1/ could be circulated as an official document under the relevant agenda item of the forty—ninth session of the Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities.
7. Under these arrangements, administrative functions are performed partly by the United Nations, through the United Nations Office at Geneva, and partly by the financial management and administration subprogramme of the secretariat.
4. Reminds Governments of the need to ensure that their competent authorities conduct prompt and impartial inquiries in all circumstances, whenever there is a reason to believe that an enforced disappearance has occurred in territory under their jurisdiction, and that, if allegations are confirmed, perpetrators should be prosecuted;
25. Meaningful implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and national plans of action by all OIC member States still remain a challenge.
In that context it was suggested that “good practices” would be a more appropriate wording than “best practices”.
Support account for peacekeeping operations
UNITED NATIONS COMPENSATION COMMISSION GOVERNING COUNCIL
See also the annex to document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.2, letter from Bahrain dated 27 January 1998, containing the position of the Group of Arab States on expansion and composition of the Security Council.
The facility contains 52 cells, six of which are reserved for women detainees as necessary.
But for the United Nations, which was mandated to continue its mission in Cyprus, the issue was significantly seen as a human resource one, owing to the time constraint and operational requirements.
The focus areas in all instances should be placed on illicit and licit small arms and light weapons.
Waqf officials managed to calm the demonstrators and halt the stone-throwing within several minutes and the police allowed Jewish worshippers to return to the Wall.
The Committee was informed that the consumer price index (CPI) had increased from 100 in January 1991 to 119 in December 1997 – a 19 per cent increase.
49. In his reform programme the Secretary-General recommended that the General Assembly review the existing arrangements covering the planning, programming and budgetary process in order, inter alia, to enhance their role in providing strategic direction; in other words, to shift to results-based budgeting.
139. Appreciation was expressed for the role of the regional centres in Africa, Asia and Latin America, and for the emphasis placed by the Department on the important role that those centres were likely to take on in the area of disarmament.
74. ECA – Twenty-fourth meeting of the Conference of Ministers, thirty-third session of the Commission [Economic and Social Council resolution 671 (XXV)]
The number of cases submitted to the International Court of Justice has increased and all indications are that this trend will continue.
In its specific approach to poverty eradication, WHO’s activities are oriented towards countries in greatest need.
30. The cases in question, which have not yet reached the trial stage, are as follows: The Prosecutor v. André Ntagerura (ICTR-96-1OA-T); The Prosecutor v. Elie Ndayambaje (ICTR-96-8-T); The Prosecutor v. Gérard Ntakirutimana and three others (ICTR-96-10-T); The Prosecutor v. Gratien Kabiligi and Aloys Ntabakuze (ICTR-97-30-T); The Prosecutor v. Jean Bosco Barayagwiza (ICTR-97-19-I); and The Prosecutor v. Sylvain Nsabimana (ICTR-97-29A-I).
The NOAA-K satellite, the launching of which was scheduled for August 1997, will now be launched in 1998.
[End of proposed programme budget presentation]
From the first day of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly (i.e. 16 September 1997) until its December 1997 recess, members of delegations are asked not to invite to the Delegates' lounge persons other than those holding valid United Nations identification.
Only two non-Annex I Parties have AIJ programmes involving ten activities. Nine are in Latin America and the Caribbean and one is in Africa.
2. The Programme undertook a major exercise in 1996–1997 to follow up with executing agencies who had not submitted audit certificates.
3. Under article 11 of the JIU statute, the Advisory Committee receives all its reports and makes comments and observations on them in accordance with its mandate.
52. Increased reliance of least developed countries on ODA contrasts sharply with the dwindling aid efforts of donor countries.
CCPR/C/79/Add.97 Concluding observations of the Human Rights Committee on States parties’ reports - United Republic of Tanzania
A. Conservation and management of living marine resources
Such a plan would help the University determine how it should best proceed in the future.
Add a new subparagraph (f) to read as follows:
The age of these detainees varies from 23 to 34.
Savings from productivity gains which are achieved during budget implementation and reported in performance reports will be utilized to fund the development projects and activities and not to reduce the level of the budget.
The role of civil society, especially non-governmental organizations and the business community, is increasingly recognized around the world.
25. With regard to the enforcement of the death penalty, various efforts to encourage its abolition have been and are being carried out under the auspices of the United Nations.
Provides for rental of cranes/loaders on an ad hoc basis.
(b) Working paper containing a draft of the contribution of the Committee to the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights concerning reservations to the Convention prepared by a member of the Committee (CEDAW/C/1998/WG.II/WP.2);
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (Jersey, Guernsey and Isle of Man)
The fundamental importance of reducing the illicit demand for drugs has come to be recognized by all.
Some Parties indicated that these emissions are negligible, while others did not provide any explanation.
The presentation of a consolidated summary of United Nations peacekeeping activities is made for information purposes only.
Especially noteworthy in sub-Saharan Africa is the emphasis on community-level involvement through home-based care of AIDS patients in a number of countries, including Botswana, Ghana, Kenya, Malawi, Namibia and Zambia.
The vast majority of the 2,400 sentenced detainees had gone on trial prior to the signing of the Oslo Accords.
5. At the 17th meeting, the representative of India, on behalf of Bangladesh, Bhutan, Costa Rica, Cuba, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Guyana, India, Indonesia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Kenya, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Nepal, Nigeria, Pakistan, Singapore, Sri Lanka and Viet Nam, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Role of science and technology in the context of international security and disarmament” (A/C.1.53/L.15).
Regional or sectoral centres could be co-located with other regional or specialized institution, so as to take advantage of existing capabilities.
Results of the deliberations of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development on the draft report of the Secretary-General contained in document UNCTAD/ISS/Misc.121
Mr. John Prescot, Commissioner of Corrections
“(b) Trade-distorting policies and practices, including tariff peaks and tariff escalations, environmental regulations and other non-tariff barriers, as well as the erosion of trade preferences should be avoided as they have negative effects on the ability of developing countries to diversify their exports and to undertake the required restructuring of their commodity sector while impeding successful measures taken by the commodity-dependent countries;
Services continue to be provided to all DPKO units and to the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Humanitarian Affairs, and the Executive Office of the Secretary-General.
According to Palestinian sources, soldiers had also used live ammunition during the confrontation.
3. International Law Commission: programme budget implications (A/C.5/52/23)
It is therefore anticipated that requirements in respect of military and civilian costs would be substantially less than initially envisaged if the prevailing security situation remains unchanged.
8. A Force headquarters, based predominantly in Naqoura, provides the necessary command and control of the Force together with liaison with the Governments of Lebanon and Israel, the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), UNTSO and a number of non-governmental organizations.
In order to ease the critical situation in UNMIBH, 50 vehicles intended for the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola (MONUA) were diverted to UNMIBH.
A further view was expressed concerning the need to ensure adequate coordination of technical cooperation activities, which should remain one of the priorities of the new Department, and to elaborate further on the issue of the promotion of sustained economic growth and sustainable development in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and recent United Nations conferences, which had not been adequately treated in the proposed narrative of programme 28.
The Russian Federation, as a matter of principle, supports measures to assist individual countries in combating the illicit circulation of small arms and light weapons, and is in a position to offer technical and expert assistance.
(d) Context which the institution offers for establishing effective relationships with other relevant entities, including its experience with, and knowledge of, operations of national, bilateral, regional and multilateral financial institutions, as well as non-governmental organizations and other private-sector entities.
Since the relocation of Agency headquarters to the area of operations in July 1996, the Commissioner-General has paid official visits to several OIC member States in the Gulf region and South-East Asia, including Bahrain, Brunei Darussalam, Kuwait, Malaysia, Qatar, Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates.
Provides direction, advice and guidance on policies and procedures.
The Department of Peacekeeping Operations has taken steps to ensure that missions scrutinize invoices more meticulously and reconcile them with evidence of actual usage in advance of processing payments under contracts.
Article 4.1 (e) requires Parties to cooperate in preparing for adaptation to the impacts of climate change.
UNHCR supports national NGOs through the identification and assessment of their capacities followed by training and capacity-building programmes.
They monitor the status of funds, ledger balances and ledger entries, funds and documents balances in ledger entries, interfund balances, obligations and pre-encumbrances, obligation document details and payable documents.
The only difference is the total numbers have gone down.
In 1984 the Commission appointed a group of six Norwegian legal experts to study the legal aspects of the question of Saami land rights without including any Saami legal experts.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 93 (see A/53/608, para. 2).
During the year, a number of meetings were held on SME development, and UNCTAD attended those meetings held in Geneva and Paris (ILO Annual Meeting, Committee of Donor Agencies for SME Development, OECD Conference on Women Entrepreneurs in Small and Medium Enterprises); UNCTAD also attended and presented a paper at the Tenth International Conference of Small and Medium Enterprises, Florida, sponsored by the World Association for Small and Medium Enterprises.
The Conference will be invited to adopt these decisions.
She noted that the drop-out rate of girls at school remained high, and that access to secondary and advanced levels of education for girls was low.
28. Further decides to appropriate to the Special Account for the International Tribunal for Rwanda a total amount of 75,260,600 dollars gross (68,531,900 dollars net) for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999, which also includes provisions for the revised salary and other conditions of service, including the pension entitlement for members of the International Tribunal for Rwanda;
The international community must send a consistent and unambiguous message to Governments and armed groups that the right to humanitarian aid is inviolable, and that failure to honour that right will lead to appropriate and targeted measures against those responsible, including criminal prosecution.
It was noted that additional research would be required;
The Secretary-General reaffirms that the arrangements that were put in place in 1996 and reflected in paragraphs 4 to 11 of his previous report on the matter (A/51/317), as well as in paragraph 5 of his 1997 report (A/52/308), continue to apply.
(c) One member from Latin American and Caribbean States.
Rule 20 of the draft rules of procedure provides: "The Bureau of any session shall examine the credentials and submit its report to the Conference of the Parties for decision."
1996: A/51/495 (Note by the Secretary-General and annexed special report of the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East on the financial crisis of the Agency).
Many United Nations agencies, programmes and funds have established or updated frameworks, guidelines or procedures, which sometimes include the signing with NGO partners of memorandums of understanding or contracts, to provide coherence and direction to their operational dealings with NGOs, and to balance the need for accountability to Governments and donors with the required programmatic flexibility at the country level.
The resulting unencumbered balance of $1,373,600 represents approximately 13 per cent of the amount apportioned.
As long as the human rights instruments are abused for the political aim of the hostile forces to disturb and overthrow our society, we cannot sit idle with folded arms.
5. At the same meeting, the Director of the Operational Services Division of the Office of Human Resources Management made a statement.
Operative paragraph 17 was then adopted by a recorded vote of 145 to 1, with 1 abstention.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees also addressed the Permanent Council of OSCE on 15 October 1998, after which a memorandum of understanding was signed between UNHCR and OSCE.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General, A/53/103.
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate on and awareness of the Convention and its implementation and monitoring within the Government, Parliament and the general public, including concerned non-governmental organizations.
The United Nations was present as an observer, as were ICRC and ICBL.
12. The risk of nuclear proliferation in the Middle East (D.74).
74. The Sub-Group’s policy is that common services should be shared, wherever possible, to utilize better office space and to cut down on operating costs.
Provisions for repatriation grant 3.5 2.8
They cannot, however, be sustained if export prices are not constantly rising or high levels of external borrowing are not maintained.
On the institutional and policy front, liberalization policies have given the road transit transport sector a big boost in all subregions.
Implementation of the First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006)
Professor of International Law at the University of Mali.
The Committee suggests that the Government give further consideration to the nature and role of affirmative action.
48. Leaders also expressed their abhorrence of other weapons of mass destruction and expressed the hope that progress would be made for an early conclusion of a protocol to strengthen the Biological Weapons Convention.
By decision 1998/272, the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/79, endorsed the Commission’s decision to renew the mandate of the Special Rapporteur for one year and to request the Special Rapporteur to report to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session and to present interim reports to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.
26. The Director of the Field Administration and Logistics Division has issued instructions to missions that a cost-benefit analysis must be completed before any transfer takes place.
This is a deliberate omission designed to preclude any possibility of their modernization and, consequently, the local residents have to contribute funds to cover the cost of any defects that can be remedied.
I request you to have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under item 113 of the provisional agenda, and of the Security Council. (Signed) Mohammed Said AL-SAHAF
The United Nations has also worked to promote the participation of disabled persons in society.
On the basis of the aforementioned Security Council resolution, I believe that the members of the Council will lend all possible support to such an undertaking.
Many Parties made reference to the strong link between economic development and transport demand growth.
B. Quantified emission limitation and reduction objectives 20 - 31 11
One such issue relates to the concept of “trade facilitation”, which was one of the new items placed on the WTO agenda at the Singapore ministerial meeting of December 1996: if indeed some services play the role of “trade enablers” or “trade facilitators”, they would need to be considered in that context as well.
Reference was also made to the Agenda for Development,6 which stated that the United Nations system had a major role to play in coordinating and implementing activities that addressed the critical situation in Africa, including through the implementation of the New Agenda and the follow-up of the outcome of the Tokyo International Conference on African Development and other related initiatives.
As a result of the data limitation described below, the secretariat has deferred compilation of comprehensive financial tables to a subsequent report.
The outcome of the Informal Open-ended Working Group on an Agenda for Peace, the report of the United Nations Panel of Governmental Experts on Small Arms, the report of the United Nations international study on firearm regulation and the report of the Committee of Experts on the review and operation of the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms may be relevant and, where appropriate, could be taken account of in the Guidelines.
Half-way between the satellite and the balloon (see section D, above), Pronaos is a submillimetric astronomy project, the last area not yet covered by the observations.
20. A report prepared by the Jerusalem Media and Communication Center in November 1992 notes that lack of water has forced Palestinian farmers to remove tracts from cultivation and that the digging of new deep wells for settlements, particularly in the Jordan Valley, has caused subsequent shortages for Palestinian farmers.16
However, it recalls paragraph 48 of its previous report, emphasizing the need to give full consideration to all offers from Member States.
(ii) Annex II to resolution 51/242 of 15 September 1997, entitled “Question of sanctions imposed by the United Nations”, should be fully taken into account/implemented by the Council;
By the end of 1997, an average of 12,000 documents were accessed each day and users were recorded from over 120 countries. ReliefWeb consolidates and catalogues situational, operational and analytical information to support policy and operational decision-making within the international humanitarian community.
The SBSTA may wish to:(a) Take note of this report as well as the information note on nominations to the roster and, where necessary, provide guidance to the secretariat on the use of the roster of experts;
In the meantime, they insist that, excluding convicted drug traffickers, the figure is much lower than reported, perhaps by half. The Special Representative hopes to be able to include official statistics on this matter in his next report.
The Russian Federation, the Republic of Tajikistan and the Republic of Uzbekistan (hereinafter referred to as "the Parties"),
Note: It would also be appropriate to include a separate article in the Convention warning of the dangers of making any concessions to those who commit acts of nuclear terrorism.
When discussing policies or policy implications of inter-firm cooperation, the most important factors are the consistency and stability of policies and the Government’s decision to retain the chosen policy framework.
1. Articles 2, 3 and 4 of the statute of the Joint Inspection Unit (General Assembly resolution 31/192 of 22 December 1976, annex) provide as follows:
In 1996, the exhibit was displayed at Vienna, at United Nations Headquarters and at Atlanta, Georgia, in the United States of America, on the occasion of the Olympic Games.
4.2.1.16 Additional general requirements applicable to the transport of Class 8 substances in portable tanks
He would also like to express his gratitude to the human rights officer in the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights at Geneva, who greatly helped him in the preparation of this report.
192. The Commission decided to review the methodology in 2001 to simplify it.
UNIFEM’s Executive Director participated in the conceptualization of UNDAF in her work with the United Nations Development Group.
in Alaska, Hawaii, Samoa, and the South Pole
In order to ease their task at this stage of the proceedings, the Court will, acting by virtue of Article 56 of the Rules of Court, more readily accept the production of additional documents during the period beginning with the close of the written proceedings and ending one month before the opening of the oral proceedings.
Sustainable development and international economic coopera-tion [97] (A/52/92, A/52/112, A/52/139, A/52/153-S/1997/384, A/52/163, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/52/318, A/52/432, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/514-S/1997/815)
The range of constraints impeded the provision of services and gave rise to delays, inefficiencies and additional costs.
These amounts are shown in statement I and schedule 3.
The Committee’s comprehensive scientific reports on sources and effects of ionizing radiation have become one of the more significant and important guides for those who are working in the field of radiation protection, radiobiology, radiation medicine and epidemiology.
3 UNRWA registration figures are based on information voluntarily supplied by refugees primarily for the purpose of obtaining access to Agency services, and hence cannot be considered statistically valid demographic data.
(b) The second project ($251,045), financed with funds provided to FAO by the Government of Sweden in response to the United Nations initiative for the Great Lakes region, is aimed at supplying farm inputs;
(d) Any other means of limiting the liability of the Organization.
Many also believed that, in elaborating and implementing the reform proposals for the reorientation of the Department, the Secretary-General should fully take into account the views of Member States.
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly are contained in paragraph 25 of the present report, including the appropriation and assessment of $140,825,400 gross ($136,380,900 net) for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, subject to the extensions of the mandate by the Security Council.
Further, there was an increase of 11 per cent (from 64 to 71) in the number of audit reports/management letters answered by the Division.
A number of recommendations of the Board, contained in document GC.7/CRP.7, would also be distributed for discussion at the next meeting.
Additional elements of proposals with respect to differentiation
Copies of the advanced unedited version of the “Report of the Secretary-General on Observance of the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty (1996) and Recommendations for the Rest of the Decade”, submitted under General Assembly agenda item 97 (f), are now available for delegations (outside of room S-2994).
We trust that both Your Excellency and all those who wish to contribute to the settlement of this dispute will urge the Greek Cypriot side to do so.
But events call for caution rather than complacency.
Functioned in both civil and criminal branches of the Department.
According to the Director-General of the Palestinian Authority Information Ministry, the direct shootings had fomented the situation and increased the number of people who threw stones and came near the settlements.
Requirements under this heading also include rotation travel for 180 civilian police ($720,000), as well as clothing and equipment allowance at the standard rate of $200 per annum ($16,500) for 180 civilian police.
A point of order will be immediately decided by the presiding officer in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly.
It also reiterated the position it took in 1992, based on a study of local pension benefit values, namely that the local practice approach should not be further pursued.
(Billions of dollars and per cent shares of world total)
A. Provision of legal assistance to Member States
An expert described the policy of the Netherlands in dealing with the "ecstasy" problem, emphasizing the need for a balanced integrated approach and the need to base policy decisions on research findings.
REPORT OF THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL ADVICE ON THE WORK OF ITS
(m) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the second United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (A/52/821);
13. The Committee urged the OIC Member States to speed up the implementation of the Islamic Conference resolutions inviting the Member States to extend their voluntary contributions with the aim to cover the capital of Al-Quds fund and its waqf, each amounting to one million US dollars.
(xi) Miscellaneous income includes income from rental of premises, sale of used or surplus property, refunds of expenditures charged to prior periods, income resulting from net gains resulting from currency translations, settlements of insurance claims, monies accepted for which no purpose was specified and other sundry income.
In 1998, the National Assembly passed a new law allowing the Ministry of Finance to issue an additional amount of $200 million in a new issue of bonds for indemnification.
Letter dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
(d) Seek voluntary agreements with manufacturers for fuel economy improvements of all transportation modes.
One photographer was moderately wounded in the head while the others were slightly wounded.
We would be happy to see the results of such work carried out by the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, including in the area of best practices for the promotion of tolerance.
Member of the Association of Magistrates of Antanarivo.
I have the honour to enclose the text of a letter addressed to you by Prime Minister Mohammad Nawaz Sharif on the subject of the recent developments in South Asia.
7. At its 1st meeting, the working group considered the provisional agenda.
This “all-risk” policy includes physical loss or damage, including earthquake, flood, boiler and machinery, but excludes terrorism, strikes, riots and commotion.
Recorded costs January 1996 - June 1997: $ 1,210,300
(b) On 12 May 1997, a DFH-3 communication satellite developed in China was successfully launched from the Xichang satellite launching centre, using a new type of launch vehicle—the LM-3A;
The SBSTA may wish to consider this information with a view to giving guidance to Parties and the secretariat on how to deal with temperature adjustments to inventory data.
The SBI decided to continue its deliberations on a process for considering initial national communications from non-Annex I Parties with a view to recommending a decision to the Conference of the Parties at its fourth session.
Annex 1 lists the members of the principal organs of the United Nations.
2. The Advisory Committee recalls that, in paragraph 83 of its first report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1996–1997,1 it recommended that JIU be requested to conduct a comprehensive survey of the role publications play in implementing mandates of intergovernmental bodies and the extent to which recurrent publications could be made more cost-effective.
Industry non-governmental organizations play an important role in concluding and implementing voluntary agreements which constitute an essential part of the United Kingdom's climate change policy.
13. Stable and sound macroeconomic conditions are essential for the success of SME development.
Central African Republic 32. The Committee welcomed the positive developments in the Central African Republic owing, inter alia, to the presence of the United Nations Mission (MINURCA).
93. The Finance Management and Support Service provides financial management and support services for field missions from start-up through closure.
Between the 12-month periods ended 30 June 1997 and 30 June 1998 there were projected reductions in the operational strength of troops (33 per cent); military observers and civilian police (15 per cent); internationally and locally recruited staff (17 per cent); and operational strength in the field (22 per cent).
While the former asserted that government actions were illegally limiting that right, the Government maintained that it had acted within the law and that, on the contrary, some representatives of the media, by omitting or twisting information, did not respect the citizens’ right to information.
1. Participation of non-governmental organizations at sessions of the Commission for Social Development and the special session of the General Assembly
A questionnaire will be designed accordingly and will be distributed by mail.
No. 1997/214 1997 UNITED NATIONS PLEDGING CONFERENCE FOR DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES
Annexes I. Cost estimates for the period from 13 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
General Fund, Working Capital Fund and Special Account Technical cooperation activities
For this purpose, due consideration must be given to the patient's free and lucid consent.
The estimate under this heading represents the difference between gross and net emoluments, that is, the amount of staff assessment to which United Nations staff members are subject, in accordance with the Staff Regulations.
Instead more and more people are starting to appreciate not only the importance of the oceans to social and economic progress but also their vulnerability to the consequences of human activities.
Licence en droit privé (Bachelor's degree in private law)
(Thousands of United States dollars, unless otherwise indicated) Current
At times the impartiality or neutrality of their member States may be questioned, for historical reasons or for political or economic reasons.
The amount of $95,800 is based on 1,064 person/days at $90 per day.
The Act is applicable by virtue of the mere existence of an agreement or a form of behaviour which restricts competition, regardless of whether the agreement is put into effect.
21. Total expenditures for all general trust funds, $356.2 million, were 25.2 per cent lower than the comparable total of $476.3 million for the biennium 1994-1995.
23. In contrast with the surge in direct investment, official development finance has declined precipitously since the start of the decade (see table 2).
A. Definition of international crimes and types thereof
The Board considers that, in view of the high payments arising from the claims, a processing fee of 1.5 or 3 per cent may result in overcompensation to Governments for the actual work done.
B. UNITED NATIONS GENERAL FUND, WORKING CAPITAL FUND AND SPECIAL ACCOUNT
4. In this connection, the Advisory Committee recalls that an amount of $5,284,000 had been included in the estimates for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 to provide for the United Nations share of the one-time cost of termination benefits and redundancy payments for 304 former locally employed civilians in Cyprus (see A/51/851, para. 32).
And so the simultaneous and comprehensive implementation of these two key issues should determine the essence of all our policies and practical work.
Special pay rates systems on the United States side which are taken into account in margin calculations are not reflected in the base/floor salary scale comparisons, nor are other equivalencies within the general schedule.
147. While the Committee takes note of the proposed amendments to the Act on National Minorities in Ukraine, concern is expressed that the State party is not fully implementing the provisions of article 4 of the Convention and it has not provided sufficient information on the practical implementation of the provisions of article 4.
The operational character of the Agency’s activities differs from that of other United Nations organizations, which for the most part work through the Palestinian Authority or local executing agencies.
(d) Make, and arrange for keeping of, sound recordings of the session;
“2. Accepts the principle that there will be no distinction in the future between internal and external candidates for vacancies to be filled by staff members appointed for one year or longer under the 100 series of the Staff Rules.”
See: O. Boeh-Ocansey: Small industries and structural adjustment.
The closing balance on the reserve at 31 December 1997 was $17.6 million.
Subparagraph 13.9 (c) calls upon the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to assist States to implement the Declaration on the Guiding Principles of Drug Demand Reduction, and in particular to increase substantially technical assistance to prevent and reduce drug abuse.
Two Parties (AUT, CHE) pursued a similar approach but provided little information on individual projects and programmes.
38. The representative of the UNCTAD secretariat said that the Expert Meeting had been enriched by the participation of a large number of practitioners from investment promotion agencies, as well as company representatives who had provided their perspectives on the locational decisions of investors.
That must be taken into account when assessing the United Nations offices responsible for aviation planning and procurement.
The project for replacement of the old unserviceable internal sewerage system in Neirab camp progressed, with completion expected in September 1998.
The end of dictatorial regimes in South Africa and Haiti, and the transformation in Central and Eastern Europe are only some notable examples of this process.
The list also includes projects scheduled for the rest of 1997.
A violation of article 9 (2) was also found in case No. 635/1995 (E. Morrisson v. Jamaica).
These materials are in various stages of research and development or commercialization.
11. In view of the cross-border nature of the many threats to subregional peace and security, the Ministers unanimously acknowledged that only increased cooperation between their States at the highest political level could facilitate the development and implementation of effective strategies to promote a climate of increased security in Central Africa.
3. Decides also that the amendments to the Staff Regulations adopted in the present resolution and the related amendments to the Staff Rules shall become effective on 1 January 1999;
The present report is therefore submitted in compliance with the Commission's decision 1995/105.
20. The advent of new technologies in the information age is often confined to mean the advent of the Internet.
In addition, Amnesty International has started issuing a newsletter, HRE – Human Rights Education, which is being widely disseminated (and to the second issue of which the Office contributed an article on the Decade for Human Rights Education).
The Committee recommends that all legislation be reviewed to ensure its compatibility with the eradication of such violations of children's rights and that campaigns be developed and pursued with the involvement of all sectors of society, with a view to changing attitudes in the country as to the non-acceptance of harmful practices.
5. The data contained in the present report have been compiled from documentation presented to the Property Survey Boards established for each mission and therefore represents property that has been written off the records of the Organization.
The Committee notes with concern the absence of data and programmes for women in prostitution, suggesting that the Government has not adequately addressed article 6 of the Convention.
This cooperation shall be based on the respective comparative advantages for the provision of technical assistance in the field of human rights.
10. Article 11 of the Convention requires States Parties to take measures to combat the illicit transfer and non-return of children abroad, by concluding bilateral or multilateral agreements or acceding to existing agreements.
11. Review of the implementation of the recommendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session (D.73):
The General Assembly welcomed the request of the persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies to hold an extraordinary three-day meeting early in 1998 to pursue the reform process aimed at improving the effective implementation of international instruments on human rights.
Military observers and international staff
There were additional requirements of $32,700 under this heading owing to the increased requirement for photocopy paper needed for archiving and transfer of the liquidation process to New York.
As regards the international investment agreements themselves, he shared the view that their development friendliness should be consistent with the trend towards liberalization.
I call upon all the parties, regardless of their political orientation, to respect and preserve political and inter-ethnic stability in our country.
19. In its response of 7 July 1998 to the Secretary-General, Maldives stated that it was opposed to any form of large-scale drift-net fishing on the high seas and that any drift-net fishing was not allowed by the Fisheries Law of Maldives.
All the areas occupied by the Japanese army of aggression turned into places of deadly backbreaking labour, a living hell for the forcibly drafted young and middle-aged Koreans.
5. Deeply regrets the use of vacant posts for consultancies and short-term appointments during the biennium 1996–1997;
12. As requested by the Panel appointed to review the Egyptian workers claim, the Government of Iraq has recently submitted its comments in response to the submission filed by the Government of Egypt.
8. Another reason for the earlier delays in the preparation of financial statements had been identified in the inadequate operations of bridges and interfaces bringing data into IMIS from other systems and other duty stations.
5. Based on these criteria, identify and describe the linkages among the principal networks, including gaps and overlaps.
3. As an immediate practical measure to complement the ongoing search for a more fundamental solution to the financial problems of the United Nations, the Secretary-General proposes, in paragraph 2 of his report, that Member States establish a Revolving Credit Fund, initially capitalized at a level of up to $1 billion through voluntary contributions or any other means of financing that Member States may wish to suggest.
36. This high degree of secrecy is generally justified by the military in terms of protecting national security, but such arguments do not hold up to close scrutiny.
COMPREHENSIVE EXAMINATION OF THEMATIC ISSUES RELATING TO THE ELIMINATION OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION
64. Paragraph 68. The Secretary-General concurs with the General Assembly’s decision that, in approving appointments and extension of terms, uniform terms of office of four years, renewable once, should be introduced for the executive heads of programmes, funds and other bodies of the Assembly and the Economic and Social Council.
The SPS allows for a zoned approach, whereby a product can be exported from a disease-free area of a country that may not be totally disease-free, provided effective controls between the two areas are in operation.
The Board will keep this matter under review in its future audits.
Except on a very few but notable occasions, prosecutors and judges have continued to accept evidence presented by the police as proof of guilt despite credible complaints of torture by the defendants and/or their defenders or lawyers.
(ii) “Uranium enriched in the isotope 235 or 233” means uranium containing the isotope 235 or 233 or both in an amount such that the abundance ratio of the sum of these isotopes to the isotope 238 is greater than the ratio of the isotope 235 to the isotope 238 occurring in nature;
“5. Requests the United Nations, and appeals to international organizations, multilateral financial institutions, the specialized agencies, organs and programmes of the United Nations system, non-governmental organizations, the private sector and other groups, to join as partners in this initiative by, inter alia, contributing technical and financial support;
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
and of the President of the TDB (up to 18 half-day meetings)
Thierry Kyalumba Kabonga (journalist and director of Vision): arrested on 21 May for publishing inappropriate news and a letter from the former Minister, Kamanda wa Kamanda.
(iii) Such other information as may be appropriate.
147. Lessons learned by the system are principally at the project and programme level rather than at the national or strategic level, and many are similar to conclusions drawn previously. Thus, there is little evidence of progress in this area.
94. The development work carried out by the World Food Programme (WFP) is consistent with the assistance framework for poverty eradication elaborated in the World Summit for Social Development and other major United Nations conferences.
The charge sheet also claimed that, following the physical abuse, the policemen burned their victims’ identification cards, knowing that they could be used as evidence against them. (Ha’aretz, 22 January)
Therefore, we must take the road of privatizing a number of State-owned mass media.
Over the next two years, leading up to the Millennium Assembly, I shall solicit the views of Member States, civil society actors and other interested groups and individuals on the best way to get from here to there.
Move subparagraph (c) to paragraph 13.7 as new subparagraph 13.7 (d).
Between 0425 and 0605 hours Israeli forces and client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Haddatha and Yatar from their positions on Ya'qub hill, Shaqif al-Naml, on Rum hill and at Mashnaqah.
Proportionate geographical representation of gratis military personnel
Principle 19: Safeguards against the use of reconciliation or forgiveness to further impunity
Recognition awards should be applicable to individuals or teams at all levels, and emphasis should be placed on enhancing teamwork and building team spirit.
7. Montserrat has been left with little capacity for domestic production.
2. The Committee reviewed its working methods and procedures within the framework of its mandate and recommended some measures for their improvement.
(a) Austria, on 11 July 1997, stated its interpretation of the reference in paragraph 1 of article 2 (Scope of the Convention) to the fundamental provisions of parties’ respective domestic legislative systems, as well as of the scope of the obligations established in paragraphs 1 and 2 of article 3 (Offences and sanctions);
14. On 14 November 1997, a confrontation broke out at the University of East Timor in Dili, between students and members of the security forces.
English Page Annex II PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF WORK OF THE
60. The Advisory Committee was briefed on the functions and future role of UNIDO.
Taking into account that the main objective of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources is to influence, encourage and assist the international community to conserve the integrity and diversity of nature and to ensure that any use of natural resources is equitable and ecologically sustainable,
24. Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s, including measures and recommendations agreed upon at its mid-term review (D.24).
Another area very propitious to corruption is nepotism.
The proposed replacement of the software and hardware for this system would be completed by June 1999.
(i) Operating and other types of reserves are included in the totals for "Reserves and fund balances" shown in the financial statements;
X. MECHANISMS FOR CONSULTATION WITH NON-GOVERNMENTAL
6. Suggested improvements to the present practice:
One school at Damascus was phased out owing to the move of refugees from the vicinity of the school to Yarmouk camp, reducing the number of schools in the field to 109.
The Contracting Parties shall guarantee the equal right of their citizens to acquire, own, use and dispose of property in their territories.
(d) Review of possible changes in the cost-sharing arrangements
76. WFP, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the World Health Organization (WHO), the International Labour Organization (ILO) and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) also work closely with one another.
His delegation did not believe that the Committee membership should not be reviewed just because it had done a good job.
It is proposed that the UNCHS (Habitat) proportion be shared between the Foundation ($1,281,500) and programme-support overheads (OHU) ($1,281,400).
During this exchange of views, ways and means to enhance the existing cooperation and partnership built around the Convention were discussed.
- The Board must be consulted by the Government in connection with any draft regulations relating to competition.
6. Emphasizes that through its reorientation,.the Department of Public Information should maintain and improve its activities in the areas of special interest to the developing countries and others with special needs, including countries in transition, and that such reorientation should contribute to bridging the existing gap between the developing and the developed countries in the crucial field of information and communications;
64. In April 1998, UNHCR intensified its support to OAU in the area of early warning and conflict prevention.
7. A number of members of the Security Council have raised questions relating to the financial aspects of the proposal and requested further details on the impact an additional Trial Chamber would have on the budget of the International Tribunal.
10. Consideration and adoption of the Committee’s report to the General Assembly.
The General Assembly should be involved in the allocation and accountability of these resources.
The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to the members of the General Assembly the report of the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund on the United Nations Population Award, established by the Assembly in its resolution 36/201 of 17 December 1981.
It is worth noting that this Israeli action is the latest in a series of measures and actions aimed at establishing a new colonial presence in the heart of Arab occupied East Jerusalem, as conveyed in a series of letters to the Secretary-General dated 13 December 1996 (A/51/731, S/1996/1044), 19 September 1997 (A/52/371, S/1997/727), 8 June 1998 (A/52/947, S/1998/481), and 9 June 1998 (A/52/948, S/1998/487).
9. As part of the audit, OIOS reviewed how each of the plans, and the programme as a whole, were administered. This gave rise to the following observations.
Considering that the duty of every State under international law to respect and to secure respect for human rights requires that effective measures should be taken to combat impunity,
In addition to the information contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/11), the Advisory Committee received information on the gross emoluments of officials of the Netherlands and national judiciaries of other countries.
(j) To include in their reports to the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, the Committee on the Rights of the Child and other relevant treaty bodies specific information on measures taken to eliminate traditional or customary practices affecting the health of women and girls, including female genital mutilation;
E. Capacity-building and networking for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda in least developed countries (United Nations Centre for Human Settlements)
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Nigeria (A/53/366)
There were no reports on decrease of consumption.
Under this project, NGOs become partners in the delivery of a nationally agreed upon package of primary health care.
Work during the past biennium centred around collection and analysis of information.
The Committee has no objection to these requests.
Indeed, a number of injured inmates have been deliberately left untreated as a form of torture.
ALIFAR Latin American Association of Pharmaceutical Industries (Asociación Latinoamericana de Industrias
The Unit provides responses and relevant documentation to internal and external auditors.
The Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Burundi, Mr. Paulo Sergio Pinheiro, made a presentation.
41. Under institutional arrangements now in effect, the framework for cooperation with the following organizations active in the fields of trade, finance and development is shaped by overriding demands to set priorities, exploit comparative advantages and create synergies with UNCTAD wherever possible.
Regarding the former, studies had been carried out on grains, rice, oilseeds and citrus.
In remembering them we are reminded of the dedication shown by many of our colleagues in the field as they carry out their daily tasks in the service of peace, in conditions of hardship and risk.
However, a more reserved approach was advisable in discussing possible changes in constitutions and other legislation.
Letter dated 15 October 1998 from the Permanent Representatives
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under items 20, 106, 108, 109, 113 of the provisional agenda, and as a document of the substantive session of 1998 of the Economic and Social Council, under item 5 of the provisional agenda.
28. A number of issues concerning unliquidated obligations arose during the Advisory Committee’s consideration of performance reports for the biennium 1996-1997 and proposed budgets for the biennium 1998-1999.
There is an increasingly complex matrix of motives, intertwining past crimes, frustration over the lack of security, land conflict, theft and personal vengeance.
In an effort to coordinate better the activities of all these focal points, and to ensure consistency in the Secretariat’s dealings with NGOs, an Inter-Departmental Working Group on NGOs was revived three years ago and is currently chaired by the Assistant Secretary-General for External Relations.
14. The Heads of State emphasized the importance of the initiative of Kazakhstan to convene a meeting on cooperation and confidence-building measures in Asia.
221. After the adoption of the draft decision, the representative of the Russian Federation made a statement.
5. It is necessary to establish an international framework for control over the legitimate trade in such weapons and their diversion to the black market in arms, including resolute international efforts to combat such phenomena.
In particular, the Assembly requested that exemptions be granted on humanitarian goods, such as food and medicines, and other essential items.
The focus of the meeting was on national and regional strategies for human rights education and on the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
National, and where appropriate international, programmes to achieve this goal should be further developed;
The representative of Honduras made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/52/L.43/Rev.1.
9. Requests the High Commissioner to continue to accord high priority to the technical cooperation activities undertaken by her Office with regard to the rule of law;
26/COP.1 Accreditation of non-governmental and intergovernmental organizations 81 ICCD/COP(1)/11/Add.1
The General Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 37.
4 Ibid., Forty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 7 (A/47/7), document A/47/7/Add.10.
To improve its information base, UNDCP cooperated actively with regional epidemiological networks.
Mindful of the fact that it is essential to provide the Mission of Observers with the necessary financial resources to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities under the relevant resolutions of the Security Council,
21.2 In 1994, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights initiated a process aimed at restructuring the programme of work and the organization of the Centre for Human Rights.
17. In part III, paragraph 29, of its resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, the General Assembly reiterated its request that gratis personnel be phased out in accordance with the provisions of resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997 on gratis personnel and other entities.
113. In Bosnia and Herzegovina, six independent clearance teams are carrying out clearance operations in support of returning minority populations, under the direction of international advisors financed by the Governments of Australia, France and the Netherlands.
5. Achievements in these areas include the design and approval of new programmes addressing the most critical issues.
“(b) To continue to examine the implementation by Member States of resolution 1514 (XV) and other relevant resolutions on decolonization;
The prominence given to the matter reflects the recent success of small-scale lending programmes such as the Grameen Bank of Bangladesh.
Privatization processes should be deepened and integrated structures set up for producing, processing, storing and selling agricultural produce.
The Committee is concerned at the lack of a systematic mechanism to monitor progress in all areas covered by the Convention, and in relation to all groups of children in urban and rural areas.
In the last year, OCHA has played a crucial role in advocating for humanitarian space in countries in crisis.
of the Permanent Mission of the Syrian Arab Republic to the
These standards require that the Board plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
International cooperation in the peaceful uses of outer space [85]
However, the de facto situation is that women remain unequal to men in terms of rights and opportunities because of a combination of traditional and cultural practices and certain laws that are contrary to the spirit, if not the letter, of the principle of equality.
835. The Committee expresses its concern that although the State party has imposed a provisional moratorium on intercountry adoptions pending the approval of legislation on this subject, no law has yet been passed; it is gravely concerned at alleged trafficking in children in violation of the provisions and principles of the Convention, particularly articles 3, 21 and 35.
The report records, as appropriate, the action by the Board on the substantive items of its agenda (section I) and procedural, institutional, organizational and administrative matters (section II).
These changes, in turn, call for a holistic and integrated approach to enterprise development that addresses the multiplicity and interaction of factors that underpin the growth and competitiveness of enterprises.
This is consistent with the observation of the Committee in its report of 27 February 1998 (A/52/7/Add.10) that the Secretariat would have to proceed on the basis of specific proposed initiatives about which Member States would be informed in advance.
B. Initiatives on the supply side 54 - 55
The work to be done by the contractor relates to the first phase.
The number of such agreements has increased steadily over the past half-century.
24. Unless there is adequate international support for peace efforts it may be impossible in some situations to maintain the momentum for peace.
A drastic reduction of the government budget followed, which included a dramatic cut in defence expenditure and severe cuts in the social and environment areas.
41. Measures are now being taken to integrate donor projects and funds in the budgetary process so as to enhance government-donor coordination and improve the transparency, coverage and effectiveness of the budget.
Relationship between a soldier’s kit and self-sustainment
may order a state of affairs infringing the Act to be eliminated (for instance, at concentrations, carried out illegally without obtaining an authorization, which may not have been authorizable, the Office may require the separation or divestiture of the merged undertakings, assets or interests or the relinquishment of joint control);
The first such symposium was hosted by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, as President of the European Union, on 22 and 23 June 1998.
The present report was prepared in response to resolution 51/186 of 16 December 1996, in which the General Assembly decided to convene a special session in 2001 to review the achievement of the goals and targets agreed upon at the World Summit for Children for the year 2000 and requested the Secretary-General to report at its fifty-third session on the preparations for the special session and on progress on the implementation of the resolution.
The two meetings will hold joint sessions on the substantial issues under this item.
76. Another issue considered by the Committee was the nature and timing of the decision-making process for the recalculated scales for the second and third years of the scale period.
Benin, Bhutan, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cameroon, Central African Republic, China, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Ghana, Guinea, Jamaica, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Madagascar, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Peru, Philippines, Republic of Moldova, Singapore, Sri Lanka, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Uganda, Ukraine, United Republic of Tanzania, Venezuela, Zimbabwe.
Agenda item 3: Adoption of the agenda and organization of work.
2. The financial period shall be a biennium, of which the first calendar year shall be an even-numbered year.
(n) Note by the Secretary-General on elections to the Committee on New and Renewable Sources of Energy and on Energy for Development (E/1998/L.1/Add.12 and Add.17);
Other parts of the draft were considered to be in need of further work, in particular with regard to the enforcement powers of the flag State, the port State and the coastal State.
ASG/OCSS already issued cautionary instruction in this regard.
It should be noted that the recovery of MSA overpayments from UNIKOM staff members is the subject of an appeal before the United Nations Administrative Tribunal, which is awaiting judgement.
The draft’s final clauses differed from those in the 1997 International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings, in that the former allowed for the participation of international organizations (article 15, para. 4), had a specific procedure for amending the convention (article 17) and referred to the functions of the depositary (article 19).
New projects to commence during the biennium
(iii) Those non-tariff measures which are not covered by multilateral trade agreements should continue to be identified.
1(b) Adoption of the agenda and organization of work of the session
3. The respective roles of government and the private sector, including NGOs, and the interactions between them in creating a coherent policy framework and setting up effective support measures and structures for the development of SMEs and micro-enterprises, in particular those in least developed countries.
A/AC.241/9/Add.13 List of non-governmental organisations recommended for accreditation
All interested delegations, non-governmental organizations, representatives of the press and Secretariat staff are invited to attend.
In this connection, reductions have been applied to the cost of utilities and maintenance services in the budget covering the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.
16. At its closing plenary meeting, on 6 December 1996, the Joint Intergovernmental Group of Experts adopted its draft report (TD/B/IGE.1/L.1) and authorized the Rapporteur to complete the text in the light of the proceedings of the closing plenary. Annex I
5. Takes note of the information provided on the final disposition of the property of the Transitional Authority in the addendum to the report of the Secretary-General;A/49/714/Add.1.
The second-phase funding requirement is US$ 227.7 million.
It will also reflect the results of the examination of one Government’s entitlement for troop reimbursement currently being carried out by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the results of the detailed valuation of equipment, services and supplies provided for the rapid reaction capacity, as indicated in paragraphs 16 and 24 of the report of the Secretary-General.
The Trust Fund was administered by the Trust Fund Unit within the Office of the Special Coordinator for Sarajevo.
These rights, and their indivisibility, have been reiterated in international human rights instruments, including the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
45. Outputs that are not specifically identified in the programme budget, for example, international cooperation, harmonization and coordination, and operational activities, are measured in different ways.
171. Recent changes had led to the development of civil society, including women’s organizations, resulting in activities, conferences and workshops that addressed specific women’s issues, such as domestic violence, violence against women in general and women victims of criminal acts.
36. The Board considers that such delays in the execution of projects defeat the objectives of the projects substantially.
It should be noted that staff of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) and the United Nations Child-ren's Fund (UNICEF) are on different exchanges.
15. States should adopt appropriate legislation and policies to ensure the protection of individuals, groups and communities from forced eviction, having due regard to their best interests.
240. On 19 November, four settlers were arrested by the Israeli police as they were scaling the walls of Jerusalem at the Lions’ Gate, in an attempt to break into the Al-Aqsa Mosque Compound.
46. She felt that “positive measures” could be effective in helping developing countries to achieve the objectives of sustainable development and to observe the rules and provisions of the international trading system and the MEAs.
69. The Board recommends that, in view of the experience in the case of the Professional category, for which this technique was abandoned in 1994, the ICSC secretariat study the effect of the regression technique on General Service salaries at various duty stations over a period of time and discontinue the use of the technique if it affects final results significantly.
Schedule 1 Rates of exchange and inflation included in the initial appropriation and in the present report by main duty station
As shown in annex III, the average vacancy rate during the period was 14 per cent, resulting in unutilized resources of $981,400.
II. List of panellists for panel discussions
A short PHARE bridges project was implemented in 1996 in order to finalize the Draft Act on Competition that was presented to Parliament in April 1997.
China, Costa Rica, the Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Mali and Nicaragua joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The largest of these unreported reserves were those retained by Aetna, amounting to $12.3 million when they were returned to the United Nations in June 1997.
However, the designation of a “green area” had on occasion been removed in order to allow for building by Jews.
Report, conclusions and recommendations of subsidiary bodies [7]
It is proposed that in all paragraphs concerning action (i.e. paras. 4, 7, 9, 12 and 14), the words “States should” should be replaced by the words “States, in cooperation with competent international and regional bodies and, if necessary, with the private sector in each State, should”.
178. The Committee recommends that the State party ensure that the rights of ethnic groups fully comply with the requirements of article 1 of the Convention.
By 1 February 1999, the GMDSS will become fully operational and all passenger ships and all cargo ships of a gross tonnage of at least 300 on international voyages will be required to carry equipment designed to improve the chances of rescue following an accident, including satellite emergency position indicating radio beacons (EPIRBs) and search and rescue transponders (SARTs) for the location of the ship or survival craft.
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95 (c),
They said that the mass media must impartially serve the cause of democracy, development and peace.
9. Reservations affect the efficacy of the Convention, whose objective is to end discrimination against women and to achieve de jure and de facto equality for them.
(b) A UNESCO culture adviser sits on the Regional Cultural Committee, a forum of Directors of Culture of CARICOM, convened by the CARICOM secretariat;
The estimate includes provision for lubricants at 10 per cent of total fuel cost ($281,700).
However, in view of the current state of international law, and of the elements of fact at its disposal, the Court cannot conclude definitively whether the threat or use of nuclear weapons would be lawful or unlawful in an extreme circumstance of self-defence, in which the very survival of a State would be at stake;
104. The Special Committee once again encourages the Secretary-General to address as a matter of priority the operational and financial liquidation of completed operations, particularly as regards finding satisfactory arrangements with contributing Member States.
4. At the 68th meeting, on 29 May, the representative of Zimbabwe and coordinator of the informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.7, entitled "Third-party liability: temporal and financial limitations", introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the Chairman.
“(b) Subject to paragraph (d) below, the divorced spouse is entitled to the benefit set out in paragraph (c) below, payable prospectively following receipt of the request for a divorced surviving spouse’s benefit, if, in the opinion of the Secretary, all of the following conditions are fulfilled:
THE SITUATION IN AFGHANISTAN AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR
1 May-30 September 1993 (resolution 47/209 B)
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
(b) Ways and means of promoting a competition culture and making transparent the benefits to be derived from competition policy;
6. An important part of its outcome must be to enable and empower representatives at the country level to be more flexible in the design and delivery of operational activities.
(a) Improve their mechanisms and procedures for monitoring trade in precursors, including the following actions:
79. In mid-1997, UNOPS signed a memorandum of understanding with the office of the Iraq programme and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations to conduct the mine-action programme in northern Iraq under the provisions of Security Council resolution 986 (1995) of 14 April 1995.
16. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that adequate and qualified staff are assigned to the implementation and operation of the Integrated Management Information System at all duty stations.
Governmental agencies could become members, as could non-governmental organizations, if the Governing Council of IUCN admitted them to membership.
Reaffirming the universal character and vocation of UNIDO,
1. The present report contains the performance report of the United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
The Committee noted as well that Italy would support the initiative to establish the network of space science and technology education and research institutions.
Annex VII Voluntary and trust fund contributions
36. At its third session, held from 2 to 8 April 1998, the Advisory Group examined 43 applications for project grants, taking into consideration the selection criteria, the mandate of the Fund and the limited resources available (on the mandate of the Fund, see A/52/509 para. 27, E/CN.4/1998/107 and General Assembly resolutions 48/163, 49/214 and 50/157).
458. Emphasizing the importance of integrating the conclusions of the United Nations world conferences into the human rights monitoring process, she underlined the importance of the 1996 Glen Cove Round table of Human Rights Treaty bodies’ Approaches to Women’s Health.
The focal point will support and reinforce the work of these task forces.
In its proceedings, the Panel held regular sessions with the assistance of the secretariat.
3. Recognizes that the Declaration on the Right to Development constitutes an integral link between the Universal Declaration of Human Rights97 and the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, through its elaboration of a holistic vision integrating economic, social and cultural rights with civil and political rights;
(b) Retirement and health insurance benefits and leave and work hours provisions of the German civil service were superior to those of the comparator, the United States;
The first of these meetings will take place in the last quarter of 1998, and will cover the following agenda:
All parties interested in a peaceful settlement of the Cyprus dispute should counsel the Greek Cypriot side to desist from the dangerous course of action it has taken and to seek a peaceful settlement on Cyprus based on the existing realities on the island.
With regards thereto, further, the Government of Malaysia does not consider itself bound by the provisions of articles 2, subparagraph (f), 5, subparagraph (a), 7, subparagraph (b), 9 and 16 of the aforesaid Convention.
A reduction in the roll figure for reproduction has generated an important reduction in the workload of this section (approximately 654 million page impressions during the biennium 1992-1993 compared to approximately 545 million for the biennium 1996-1997).
239. The Libyan Constitutional Declaration and the other relevant documents contain provisions guaranteeing equality of all citizens before the law.
Other reductions during the biennium 1996-1997
Item 113 Financial reports and audited financial sta-tements, and reports of the Board of Auditors
Determining the most important industries involved in international trade will provide an indication of the structure of the trading environment for the country concerned.
In this connection, the Joint Inspection Unit has included in its preliminary work programme for 1998-1999 a report on practices and procedures for senior-level appointments and, if approved for the final 1998-1999 work programme, that report will be scheduled for submission to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.
1054th meeting Item 1. Election of officers
Electronic submission of documents will result in significant savings of time and staff and financial resources.
Accordingly, human rights education is deeply rooted in a number of subjects in schools of all types and at all levels.
6. The Board has noted the action taken by the Administration.
For example, in the United Kingdom, a survey among 11 organizations and 18 sites having received accreditation for EMAS showed that the initial costs of meeting the requirements of EMAS ranged from US$ 40,000 to US$ 473,600, with an average of US$ 151,360.
Nonetheless, the balance remains overwhelmingly favourable to a strengthened cooperation between the United Nations system and NGOs in operational matters, at Headquarters and in the field.
(a) Comisión Jurídica para el Autodesarrollo de los Pueblos Originarios Andino “Capaj”: monthly edition of Boletin Andino, Peru, $3,600;
Once a person is deprived of his/her liberty, the law requires that he/she shall be treated with humanity and with respect for the inherent dignity of the human person and that he/she shall not be subjected to cruel and inhuman treatment or torture.
It also noted that throughout its work the Committee already considered the extent to which adolescent girls enjoyed their human rights, including their rights to reproductive and sexual health.
(i) Confirmation of the appointment of the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development;
The main documents for the session will consist of the conclusions of the AG13 at its third session (FCCC/AG13/1996/4) and any proposals from Parties submitted since the third session.
The World Conference on Human Rights (June 1993) supported that line of thinking in its final document, entitled “Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action” (A/CONF.157/24, Part II, para. 91).
86. In accordance with the resolutions adopted by the General Assembly with regard to the use of gratis personnel and as noted by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in paragraph 15 of its report (A/52/7/Add.3), the Division will complete the phasing out of its five gratis personnel by 31 July 1998.
A quarterly, consolidated account of the major actions of the Security Council, General Assembly and other United Nations bodies. Special features on the range of United Nations activities and concerns.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
A. Summary by the Chairman on agenda item 3 a/
The Mission requires five metering equipment units as standby for existing equipment.
For more information about this service and/or a complete list of electronic publications available, please contact dhlpubh@un.org or call ext. 37392 or 35142.
It only imposes on both the duty to demarcate.
77. In Colombia, the Luis Carlos Galan Institute for Democracy is preparing several seminars and establishing a UNESCO Chair on tolerance and democracy, with the participation of schools, universities and non-governmental organizations.
Potable water is delivered weekly to Patrol Observation Base N-2 by a private contractor at a cost of $175 per week, including emergency deliveries ($9,100).
Perry Magloire Kamuy, Julien Samba, Simon Mayinga and Evariste Kadima (Directors of Société Culture et Elevages du Congo (CELCO)): arrested by the Ngaliema, Kinshasa PIR on 13 January.
181. WECAFC indicated that countries in the region that had shrimp trawl fisheries (e.g., Brazil, Colombia, Guyana, Mexico, Suriname and Venezuela) were now landing more by-catch for human consumption than in the past, partly as a result of the increasing demand for fish and higher prices for fish.
In its resolution 1998/30, the Council recommended that the General Assembly at its fifty-third session proclaim the year 2002 as the International Year of Mountains.
6. Takes note of the other matters dealt with in section X of the report of the Board;a
This has given rise to an “ethical vacuum”, a setting in which international standards are ignored with impunity and where local value systems have lost their sway.
47. Witnesses told the Special Committee that Israel had made maps that did not allow for more building or expansion of Palestinian housing, in so-called “green areas”, on paths leading to settlements or near bypass roads.
14. On 23 April 1998, the Under-Secretary-General for Disarmament Affairs held consultations with representatives of international and regional organizations that receive data on military expenditures from Member Governments (the list of participants is reproduced in the annex to the present report).
The Assembly also decided that the organizational session of the Preparatory Committee would be held from 19 to 22 May 1998.
The cost of these activities could be estimated at USD 410,000 including USD 40,000 in consultancies, USD 20,000 for travel of staff, USD 20,000 for external interpretation, USD 50,000 in grants and USD 280,000 for travel of participants.
Thus, a specific feature of the Yugoslav sanctions regime was that the bulk of damages reported by the neighbouring countries were those related to transportation disruptions, including losses in exports (e.g., perishable agricultural products), additional expenses for or lower receipts from transport-related services and higher payments for imports owing to widespread rerouting and extensive delays at border-crossing points, as well as monitoring and enforcement costs.
It shall be designed primarily to be loaded onto a transport vehicle or ship and shall be equipped with skids, mountings or accessories to facilitate mechanical handling.
They are urgently seeking the assistance of UNCTAD to develop this capacity.
After all, not a single one of its proposals to reduce budget spending was approved last year.
Statement I Income and expenditure for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
Given the importance of SMEs, these trends can have serious implications for the economic and social development of these countries in terms of its effects on income and earnings distribution, the tax and consumption base and the ability of the economy to modernize and integrate itself into the global economy.
5. UNCTAD VIII had endorsed a consolidated approach in the Trade Efficiency Programme.
As of 30 May 1998, only $49,500,000 had been pledged against the Appeal, representing 8.6 per cent of the overall requirements.
So far, the service has been provided from five International Search and Rescue Satellite System (COSPAS-SARSAT) satellites: three satellites using a United States National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) platform and Canadian and French payloads and two satellites supplied by the Russian Federation.
125. According to Palestinian sources, the rate of unemployment is 46 per cent in the West Bank.
19. Domestic SME development strategies and measures can sometimes be inconsistent with external commitments such as those entered into under international agreements.
In this process, the GM would indicate the priorities in terms of country, subsectoral coverage or type of project, drawing on the inventory of financing needs (see below), to the Programme Management Department of IFAD, which, in turn, would follow up the project cycle in close consultation with the GM.
Chapter II Organizational and other matters
256. The Commission also noted with appreciation that the General Assembly, in paragraph 13 of the resolution, stressed the importance of bringing into effect the conventions emanating from the work of the Commission, and that, to that end, it urged States that had not yet done so to consider signing, ratifying or acceding to those conventions.
On behalf of the Centre for Human Rights of the United Nations Secretariat, in Geneva, organized in Cairo (1991), then in Bujumbura (1993), together with other resource persons, a seminar on human rights and the administration of justice.
May we request your kind assistance in circulating the present statement as a document of the General Assembly under agenda items 36, 64, 91 (a) and 93 (d).
Recognizing that outward promotion functions are often shared among multiple home country institutions, the experts suggested that lead organizations dealing with outward investment promotion in OECD member countries, as well as in other countries, be identified.
5. Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives [112 (c)]
REGISTRATION DATA FOR INDIAN SPACE OBJECTS*The registration data are reproduced in the form in which they were received.
4. In its capacity as the administering Power concerned, and in accordance with established procedures, Portugal participated in the work of the Special Committee in relation to East Timor.
26. Invites Member States and relevant United Nations bodies and non-governmental organizations to consider the issue of how the impact of armed conflict on children can best be integrated into events designed to commemorate the tenth anniversary of the World Summit for Children and the entry into force of the Convention;
However, since the year 2000 date conversion is a global concern, that assumption does not apply.
Members of the Fifth Committee are reminded that the dead-line for the submission of candidatures to fill the vacant posts in subsidiary organs of the General Assembly under agenda item 17 (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) will be Monday, 20 October 1997.
Another project - involving a hybrid electric bus - is under way, with two buses already operating in Luxembourg city.
The Meeting adopted the provisional agenda submitted by the Secretary-General (CCPR/SP/49).
Treaty Establishing the Caribbean Caribbean
3. Ad Hoc Group of States Parties to the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction, ninth session [General Assembly resolution 49/86]
In the Philippines, it is a basic governmental principle that family planning and reproductive choice should be exercised by individuals and couples.
Water-purification equipment (total costs)
The promotion of specific actions related to the safety of shelter and services which affect children specifically (e.g. domestic and road accidents);
A. Review of concept paper prepared by the secretary of the Board . 106 - 202 25
Training managers in what constitutes a sound decision for administrative purposes is thus crucial, as is access to expert advice.
The Committee welcomes the action taken in consultation with the Board to address this problem.
Killed by seven gunshots fired by a settler he had stabbed in a car in the Eli settlement.
2. Denunciation shall take effect 180 days following the date on which notification is received by the depositary.
(c) Measures to uphold the authority of the 1925 Geneva Protocol;
7. Suggestions of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
The presentation will be followed by a question-and-discussion period.
Accordingly, the Committee concluded that overall differences in the availability and reliability of GNP data, compared with GDP data, would not significantly affect the calculation of assessment rates.
Letter dated 10 August 1992 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24410);
5. Fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament.
For all drug-control measures to be taken, the expert stressed the overriding importance of a sound knowledge base to enable evidence-based decision-making.
In accordance with the decision taken by the General As-sembly at its sixth plenary meeting, the observer of Switzerland made a statement.
Reaffirming its previous resolutions on the United Nations University,
Finally a further meeting takes place in the country, between the international experts, the secretariat and the key local actors in the science, technology and innovation system, in order to bring the policy review to the attention of the local community.
On 20 February 1998, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and the Republic of Guinea agreed by an exchange of letters to submit to the Tribunal both the merits and the request for the prescription of provisional measures with regard to the arrest and detention of the M/V Saiga by the authorities of Guinea on 28 October 1997.
During the recent East Asian financial crisis, it was therefore unable to work formally with neighbouring countries to attenuate the severity of the crisis.
These amounts would need to be revised in accordance with the level of the agreed budget, and in the event that the COP decides to set a different reserve level in either or both years.
1968-1971 Crown Counsel, Director of Public Prosecutions, Jamaica.
The principal tool given to the Emergency Relief Coordinator (according to General Assembly resolution 46/182, annex) and to Humanitarian Coordinators in the field to support this approach is the consolidated appeals process.
7.3 "Party" means Party to this Protocol.
However, the Committee has not been informed of the actual implementation of the views and the redress that the victims may have obtained.
A common problem is the tendency for most support services to be supply-driven.
Most countries show progress in sustaining their political commitment and continue to introduce policies and programmes to advance the rights of women and girls.
During the period, an average of 109 local staff were hired under special service agreement at an average rate of $920 per person per month.
They provided a rich source of potentially valuable ideas and proposals.
Each reporting judge is paid a fee of 1,500 Swiss francs for writing each judgement; each of the other two signatories is paid SwF 375 for signing each judgement.
It also decided that considerations other than the length of service, such as performance, operational realities and post functions, should be taken into account at the threshold of permanency of appointment.
At its 4th meeting, on 30 July, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI adopted the following conclusions:
This was in fact the first attempt to make a political assessment of the policy of genocide against Azerbaijanis and of the occupation of our lands for over a century.
3. The critical financial situation facing UNRWA and its implications for the services provided to Palestine refugees continued to dominate the Agency’s agenda during the reporting period.
Indeed, there is still no indication that the Greek Cypriots have abandoned their aim of converting Cyprus into a Greek Cypriot state.
The unutilized balance of $72,900 was due to the fact that the planned Kheitan-UNIKOM headquarters satellite link was not installed.
It requested the secretariat to further update information on the topic for the next session.
Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations
Statements were made by the representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Colombia (on behalf of the countries of the Non-Aligned Movement), Pakistan, Cameroon, Togo, the United States, Chile, Morocco, Argentina, China, Algeria, India, Egypt, Cuba, Peru, the Syrian Arab Republic, Portugal, Spain, Papua New Guinea and Iraq.
The remaining gaps should be filled as soon as possible and it is strongly recommended that a technical report be produced separately from the next national communication and be kept updated annually using the full Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) minimum data tables.
As a leading proponent of the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia and a party to the treaties on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and on a comprehensive nuclear-test ban, Uzbekistan opposes the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction in the world and firmly condemns all nuclear tests, whatever the intentions underlying them.
43. Together with the globalization of communications, commerce and power, the globalization of ideas about "good living" or "good life" or the "humane agenda" has also begun.For the concept of "good life", see: David Crocker, "Global civil ethics and a global society?"
63. Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations and its Working Group, substantive session [General Assembly resolution 48/42]
Honorariums are provided to the Chairman and 32 members of the Commission, 1 member being excluded from accepting the payment by national legislation, and additional amounts are payable to 6 special rapporteurs at rates set by the Assembly in its resolution 35/218.
31. In the Federation, a commission was established in late 1997 for the elaboration of a uniform curriculum, but a curriculum that satisfies all national groups has not yet been created.
(f) Travel of 2 staff members from the Office of Internal Oversight Services to the Mission area, $16,800 ($8,400 per round trip consisting of $3,300 per round-trip air fare and $5,100 in daily subsistence allowance for 21 days each trip, including $150 for a one night stopover to and from the Mission);
32. The Office accepts and evaluates the credentials of firms and individual consultants.
11. Adoption of the report of the Executive Committee at its fiftieth session.
258. The Committee urges the Government of Bulgaria to undertake efforts to collect statistical information on the social, economic and political status of women of different ethnic minorities and to ensure that such data is available to the Committee in the next periodic report.
One P-2 post (regular budget) under 1997-1998 should be deleted.
2. The President may propose to the Conference of the Parties the closure of the list of speakers, a limitation on the time to be allowed to speakers and on the number of times each representative may speak on a question, the adjournment or the closure of the debate and the suspension or the adjournment of a meeting.
Members of delegations, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-govern- mental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
(b) Promotion of sustained economic growth and sustainable development, in accordance with relevant General Assembly resolutions and recent United Nations conferences;
A list of the organs and organizations that were requested to provide information is contained in annex V to the present report.
Development assistance providers have recognized that, when possible, efforts should be made to continue development activities during periods of extended crisis, since they can play an important preventive role.
Activities that will have the greatest positive impact on the most needy must be undertaken first. Urgency and feasibility must be taken into account.
Requirements under the communications equipment budget line item are estimated at $1,158,000 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $310,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
Six centres had X-ray facilities and six provided physiotherapy services.
The Committee notes from paragraph 97 of annex I to the report, that “the present backlog in contingent-owned equipment, letters of assist and spare parts claims will require several months of intensive work before the operation becomes current”.
Remuneration of the General Service and other locally recruited categories: decision of the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal on the General Service salary survey in Rome
Annex I of the report presents the conclusions of the Workshop, and annex II, the framework of the regional technical cooperation programme in Asia and the Pacific.
y At the 5th meeting, on 7 May 1998, the Council elected Finland for a one-year term beginning on 1 January 1999 to complete the term of Denmark.
52. The Board noted that the Human Resource Management Services Unit was increasingly seeking ex post facto approvals to sanction personnel actions which were outside the scope of the Office rules and guidelines.
23. Key products or instruments of the programme include:
“The requested State should secure such orders, including judicial orders, as may be necessary for the execution of the request.
(b) A reduction in the assessment provided under resolution 51/153 B for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 to $138,915,800 gross ($133,020,400 net), inclusive of the amount of $111,824,800 gross ($107,572,100 net) already assessed for the period from 1 July 1997 to 15 January 1998;
B. Consultancies and personal service contracts for studies and activities not covered above which the Secretariat may be called upon to undertake ($95,000).
These include the protection of: (a) ecologically or biologically important areas; (b) specific marine organisms; (c) important geological or geomorphological processes; (d) beautiful seascapes; (e) cultural or historic sites; and (f) recreation.
Therefore, the sustained development of these countries is very much dependent on the successful realization of the potential of this sector.
Ike Moke (Chief of the village of Ngambu Sinangba), Ngbokoli Eddy Pascal, Ngwadu Zangayo, Silo Albert, Kady Mboligie, Kifula Gwadu, Masikini and Ngbakoli: arrested on 4 February in Ndilli.
- Services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency.
Economic Treaty for the Establishment of the Community of
This process culminated, in May, in a meeting in Kampala of eight Governments, hosted by President Museveni of Uganda and convened by the Organization of African Unity and UNHCR.
The rail services connecting Bolivia and the Chilean ports are also still facing similar technical and operational problems, but rail is still the main transit mode because of the poor road conditions.
Some were concerned that unwillingness to engage in mutual recognition agreements may be based on a deliberate will to protect market shares.
The first regular session 1998 of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will be held from 19 to 23 January 1998 in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
- A detailed report on the findings of the assessment;
18. Emphasizes the important role of non-governmental organizations in implementing the Platform for Action and the need for their active involvement in preparations for the special session as well as the need to ensure appropriate arrangements for their contributions to the special session;
Collaboration with NGOs focuses on two main areas, namely, (a) implementation of the United Nations Disarmament Information programme in New York, Geneva and in various regions of the world and (b) coordination of NGO participation in disarmament-related meetings and conferences.
The Directive on Court Management, submitted by the Registrar and adopted at the fifth plenary session of the Tribunal judges, proposes appropriate procedures designed to manage these constraints, as well as all the other difficulties arising from the day-to-day administration of the Registry’s judicial activities, in a professional manner.
"They should steer clear of the world's soul saviours, who have their own interests, rather than other people's interests, at heart.
Country: Russian Federation Fiscal year: 1997
(f) Human rights: The Human Rights Field Office in Kinshasa has managed to implement its activities despite a very suspicious environment.
The Committee also recommends that children's rights be fully integrated into the discussions on issues concerning the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong and be accorded high priority in the dialogue on these and related matters in the Joint Liaison Group.
The documents prepared for the AGBM at its seventh session are listed in the annex to this document.
Creating an enabling environment for commodity-based development
III. Administrative and financial matters: Programme budget for 1998-1999.
● Avoid excessive land use changes and especially those which involve loss of natural resources leading to adverse effects on climate change;
The countries that will be able to benefit from telemedical services most will be those that will have enabling technology and trained medical professionals to provide and receive it.
11. Invites national committees to consider the desirability of drawing up:
27. The Institute will continue to explore the future of nuclear-weapon-free zones.
The Palestinians marched along a major thoroughfare but were stopped by the police who ordered them to disperse.
Through UN resident coordinators representing IFAD in field, and FAO field services (see para. 39)
The Council’s plans for 1998 and 1999 include subregional forums in the following countries: Ecuador (for the Andean region); Jamaica (for the Caribbean region); Guatemala (for the Central America region); India (for the South Asia region); Fiji (for the Pacific region); Thailand (for the south-east Asia region); and the Czech Republic (for the eastern European region).
46. The results of this review are contained in annex VII.A, which presents the distribution of IPTF monitors and language assistants by function and regional areas.
The Committee concluded that this constituted inhuman treatment within the meaning of article 7.
6. In his letter of 25 August, the Special Representative referred to article 9 (1) of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, which provides, inter alia, that no one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest or detention, and to article 9 (2) of the Covenant which guarantees to anyone placed under arrest the right to be informed, at the time of the arrest, of the reasons for his arrest and to be promptly informed of any charges against him.
DECLARATION OF THE ASSEMBLY OF HEADS OF STATE AND GOVERNMENT OF THE ORGANIZATION OF AFRICAN UNITY ON THE AERIAL AND NAVAL MILITARY
20.4.4.8: Delete "(organic peroxides only)" after "tanks".
Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1998
The forces of authority and our laws will vigorously combat any manifestation of extremism.
Development work, including the repatriation of refugees, has taken place in the more secure areas.
C. Recommendations of the Special Committee
10 quattuor Requests the General Assembly to take necessary action to arrange for the Secretary-General to authorize the head of the interim secretariat to use the Special Voluntary Fund and the Trust Fund in accordance with paragraphs 10 bis and 10 ter above;”.
In UNICEF, this includes income other than the value of the voluntary contributions and the net income of greeting card and related operations.
The President will make a statement after his election.
19. Apart from the economic effects of sanctions on third States, there may also be social costs, resulting, for instance, from the return of large numbers of migrant workers, the influx of refugees and the loss of employment or income, all of which would require additional public expenditures (e.g., to provide housing, health, education and other social services to the affected population groups) and might strain the social fabric, particularly in developing countries.
“1. The Unit shall consist of not more than eleven Inspectors, chosen from among members of national supervision or inspection bodies, or from among persons of a similar competence on the basis of their special experience in national or international administrative and financial matters, including management questions.
Support services (Part VIII, section 27 D)
Furniture set (chair, desk, bookcase, filing cabinet, visitor’s chair)
689. The Committee is concerned about the failure to provide for a minimum age for sexual consent and the absence of harmonization between the age for the completion of compulsory schooling and the minimum age for employment.
With reference to paragraph 2 of resolution 52/53, Brunei Darussalam has no bilateral relations with Israel nor any diplomatic representation in Jerusalem.
In decision 10/10, the INCD recommended that the CST review, at its first session, the draft terms of reference for the work to be undertaken and make appropriate recommendations to the COP for their adoption.
This was to be done in consultation with IFAD and UNDP, the two institutions that the INCD, in its decision 10/3, invited to make the revised offers to house the Global Mechanism contained in Appendices II and III of document ICCD/COP(1)/5.
8. Southern African Regional Commission for the Conservation and Utilization of Soil (SARCCUS).
While supporting non-governmental organizations and associations working on peace-building, UNESCO endeavours to expand its network of chairs in human rights, democracy and peace in the countries belonging to the zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic.
(ii) To comply with the new uniform financial statement formats, the basis for reporting income received from Member States has changed in some instances from the basis used previously.
We, the Presidents of the Arab Republic of Egypt and the French Republic, express our extreme concern at the continuing deadlock on all aspects of the Middle East peace process.
Only Swaziland, Côte d'Ivoire, Kenya and Jamaica - of the ACP suppliers - have made any serious inroads.
Following the round-table meeting held in Geneva in May 1997, France disbursed its share to the demobilization programme, and the EU has just started to disburse its funds.
“Each party shall adopt such appropriate measures as may be necessary to establish as criminal offences under its domestic law the following acts committed intentionally:
A/53/682 May I also draw your attention to the most recent resolution of the General Assembly on the subject, namely, resolution 52/22 of 22 December 1997 on questions relating to the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999, the third preambular paragraph of which states:
35. Statements XXIV in part one and XXV in part two reflect activities of ONUSAL, which is in its liquidation phase.
These sectorial laws defined the goals, membership and some principles of French cooperative societies.
Territories and to all other territories to which General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV)
– First Executive Dialogue of Ministers on Science and Technology
129. United Nations Administrative Tribunal [General Assembly resolution 351 A (IV)]
WECAFC member countries such as Brazil, Cuba, Mexico, Venezuela and Guyana had attended the meetings and presented national case studies.
In its judgement, the Trial Chamber took the view that the aggravating circumstances surrounding the crimes committed by Jean Kambanda far outweighed the mitigating circumstances. Above all, it contended, the fact that he occupied a high ministerial post at the time he committed the said crimes definitely ruled out any possibility of mitigating the punishment.
The first report on the financial performance of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) was submitted by the Executive Secretary to the Conference of the Parties (COP) at its second session (see FCCC/CP/1996/7).
(b) An annex containing a detailed description of the activities undertaken over the past ten months, by area of activity (annex I);
The Council reiterated its call to the international community for action to transform the Middle East region, including the Gulf, into a zone free of all weapons of mass destruction, including nuclear weapons.
It was necessary to develop working relationships based on trust, and not focus exclusively on serving markets in the short term.
The President of the Council informed the Secretary-General of that decision by means of a letter dated 18 August 1998 (S/1998/761).
The third is to identify project partners.
Note 1. United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation and its objectives
However, IMF resources have become strained by the demands imposed on them by the recent crises.
45. Forced labour in Myanmar was widely performed by women, children and elderly persons, according to the Commission’s conclusions, and by other persons otherwise unfit for work, and was almost never remunerated.
III. REPORT OF THE BOARD OF AUDITORS TO THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY ON THE
II. Eighth, ninth and tenth missions of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General for Human Rights in Cambodia
In addition, the Organization’s diverse institutional roles permit it to speak coherently across the entire spectrum of development cooperation, from normative to analytical, policy and operational activities.
Contributions received for the same period amounted to $83,500,084 resulting in a shortfall of $32,271,128.
The relatively large number of commerce and service businesses account for about 50 per cent of the value of privately produced output, with manufacturing accounting for about 20 per cent of such output.
31. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
20. With the reduction of funding for the recruitment of temporary assistance language staff in the 1996–1997 and 1998–1999 bienniums, there has been pressure to recruit less costly local freelance staff and avoid payment of travel expenses and daily subsistence allowances.
Resolution on violations of the line of control in Jammu and Kashmir
34. Decides to continue to give priority consideration at its fifty-fifth session to the conclusions and recommendations of the meetings of persons chairing human rights treaty bodies, in the light of the deliberations of the Commission on Human Rights, under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.
Trust Fund in Support of the Activities of the Secretary-General’s Special Representative to the Great Lakes Region of Central Africa (AQA)
32. The Secretariat presented an issue paper clarifying for Member States that a contingent using major equipment, such as a mobile kitchen trailer, will receive only self-sustainment reimbursement for catering.
UNDCP has further reinforced the capacities of the Turkish customs, coast guard and police by providing specialized training and equipment.
It is desirable that continuity of chairmanship of the subsidiary bodies be maintained throughout the consideration of a substantive item;
Moreover, owing to cost-of-living adjustments in salary in the subsequent years, a judge who had served more than one term upon retirement would receive the same eventual increase in pension as would a judge already retired (see para. 21 below).
(a) Report of the Committee on Information; Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 21 (A/53/21/Rev.1).
Yet on the other hand, improved cryptographic methods that have resulted from commercial exigencies will make it easier to monitor weapons dealers, criminals and terrorists.
The results of the evaluations provided by Member States are therefore not directly comparable.
143. More determined efforts must be employed to prevent or mitigate the suffering of children who are actually caught up in the midst of ongoing conflicts.
The commitment to build a culture of peace, development, and non-violence, recognizing the right to peace as inalienable and intrinsic to human dignity;
$2.301 million. At the most recent session of the subsidiary bodies (February/March 1997), 125 Parties were eligible for support.
C. Conference and library services, Vienna
PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF WORK FOR THE SEVENTH SESSION OF THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE
10. In October and November 1994, there was an exchange of correspondence between the UNFICYP Chief Finance Officer and the Deputy Command Secretary.
52. At the international, regional and national levels, non-governmental organizations continued to pursue the follow-up to the Beijing Conference.
The previous report of Lebanon contained the various projects of the Ministry of Post and Telecommunication and the technical specifications of the five satellite Earth stations installed in Lebanon.
In the Syria field, a short refresher course for science teachers and training activities for English language teachers were offered on an ad hoc basis.
Such research might specifically analyse the results of enterprise-level partnerships in developing countries after a sufficiently long period so as to gauge the impact achieved.
As you are well aware, Pakistan is committed to a meaningful dialogue with India on issues relating to peace and security in South Asia and the root cause of the tension between the two countries, namely, the Jammu and Kashmir dispute.
It is the view of the Committee that there will be savings under air operations.
17. The consistent practice of the United Nations has been to interpret the words “absolute majority” as meaning a majority of all electors, whether or not they vote or are allowed to vote.
8. Under agenda item 3 (b), the Council adopted resolution 1998/42 and decision 1998/284.
3. Since the employment of retirees was governed as well by other existing directives, including administrative instruction ST/AI/213/Rev.1, OIOS decided to assess compliance with the provisions of decision 51/408 and those directives.
The children’s families had alerted the Palestinian police, who got in touch with the IDF.
(c) Real growth, positive or negative, compared with the previous budget;
Overall, there had been a steady deterioration of the Palestinian economy since the signing of the 1993 agreement, with gross national product per capita declining by at least 20 per cent in real terms.
The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees sees in the theme an implicit challenge to the invisibility of older persons, particularly the invisibility of older refugees.
First: Work to strengthen Arab relations in accordance with established Arab, Islamic and international principles, laws and conventions in order to enable our Arab nation to rebuild Arab solidarity;
Given the unsatisfactory responses of the delegation and the number of complaints from family members, the Committee is gravely concerned at the number of disappearances and at the failure of the State to respond adequately, or indeed at all, to such serious violations.
Singapore is of the view that the illicit transfer of small arms poses a real danger to regional and international security.
On that occasion, the Council adopted a ministerial communiqué (A/53/3, chap. IV, para. 5) that included an assessment of the implications, opportunities and challenges, in particular for developing countries and the least developed among them, since the conclusions of the Uruguay Round of multilateral trade negotiations.
While these methodologies and approaches have demonstrated their effectiveness, experience has shown that their application must be backed by sufficient political will, by enforcement measures, by appropriate governmental policies and institutions and by adequate financial resources in order to ensure that they have a long-term impact and sustainability.
(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approa- ches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
And this means possibly that the overall macroeconomic approach we take in mobilizing resources, the environment we create, cannot be separated out from what is happening in the process of globalization.
(c) Highlighting the plight of children affected by war in Afghanistan as part of an effort to mobilize domestic and international pressure on Afghan parties and involved Governments to, at the minimum, desist from violating children and, ideally, to undertake meaningful efforts at finding a peaceful solution to the conflict;
to participate, in the capacity of observers, in its sessions and work, and also to invite as observers to the Preparatory Commission representatives of interested regional intergovernmental organizations and other interested international bodies, including the international tribunals for former Yugoslavia and Rwanda;
24. The Secretary-General recognizes the importance of the Endowment Fund for ensuring the future financial viability of UNU.
Sharing the recognition that, on the eve of the twenty-first century, as the democratization process advances and new forms of relations between States develop in the international community against a background of the realities of the present-day world, the roles and responsibilities of Japan and the Russian Federation are increasing and closer cooperation between the two countries is needed,
70. In UNDP more than 30 per cent of the senior managers at headquarters are women.
Paragraph 24.3 Replace the words “Department of Administration and Management” with “Department of Management”.
In addition, individual Parties may activate the review process in respect of their own commitments outside the scheduled review cycle in the event of an unforeseen change in their circumstances that will have a significant bearing on their capacity to implement their commitments under this Part (on commitments of specified Parties).
The General Assembly adopted draft resolutions I, II and III recommended by the Sixth Committee in paragraph 16 of its report (A/52/652) (resolutions 52/161, 52/162 and 52/163).
The other more specific transit institution is the Autonomous Customs Warehouse Administration (AADAA), which is soon going to be replaced by the Administration of Bolivian Port Services (ASP-B).
In the legal battle that ensued, the settlers had claimed that the house was absentee property that had been sold to them legally, while the Arab family maintained that their father had sold the house to his daughter before it was declared absentee property.
The Parties agree to maintain confidentiality with respect to the carrying out of the work referred to in this timetable.
In order to provide a foundation for subregional cooperation regarding the protection of the marine environment, the two areas highlighted were improved reception facilities for the collection of ships’ waste and regularizing national procedures for responding to oil spills.
The latter is a system in which peasant smallholders supply produce under contract to a central processing or marketing firm, either supplementing or substituting for company production.
Consequential amendment owing to proposed amendments of articles 21(b) and 32(a) of Regulations. ANNEX XV
The authority to adopt any of the foregoing is vested in the Conference of the Parties.
SGL clients were organized into solidarity groups that served as the guarantee mechanism: as long as each member of the group was current in her repayments, all members were eligible for additional loans.
9. The Board carried out a review of the measures taken by UNITAR in response to the other recommendations made by the Board in its audit report for the year ended 31 December 1996.
Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe2. The following members of UNCTAD, not members of the Board, were represented as observers at the session:
The reasons for the delays in the deployment of civilian staff, however, are not clearly explained.
1. This information was obtained from document GEF/R.2/Inf.3, April 15, 1997.
The years shown in parentheses (from the biennium 1990-1991) are those in which the recommendations were made by the Board:
It was also felt that it was essential to take into account the context in which each child lived and communicated, as well as to know to what extent and how the child's voice was already heard in each community.
2. Progress had been made in the peace process, but the London and Manchester bombings made it clear that the peace had yet to become fully established.
This amount has been authorized for expenditure.
In spite of this, the resources made available have declined dramatically both in absolute terms and as a proportion of programme requirements.
During that period, great public interest worldwide led to the broadcast of the Department’s documentary material on United Nations work in Iraq on television networks throughout the world.
12. France still has doubts as to the exact meaning and actual scope of paragraph 1 (b), which provides that the State may invoke immunity from execution if its has “allocated or earmarked property for the satisfaction of the claim which is the object of that proceeding”.
An international staff member of USAID was kidnapped near Beled Weyn in July 1997; he later escaped.
Furthermore, changes in its operating methods, such as the use of private firms offering security services and military assistance on the international market, do not alter its intrinsic nature, they simply make it more sophisticated and also more dangerous.
Lashes should be excluded as a punishment, and an appellate procedure should be introduced to review convictions and sentences.
With the advent of satellite broadcasting, however, the current decade has seen such an explosive growth in the reach of the visual media that Marshall McLuhan’s “global village” may be said to be already upon us.
7. The quality of health services was considered as a key issue for the protection of people's health and the safety of traded services.
Delegations are urged to use these facilities fully by attending all meetings promptly at the scheduled time.
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.16 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.
It is based on first-hand observations, as well as on discussions in Serbia and Montenegro with government officials, community leaders, refugees and displaced persons, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, legal professionals, and representatives of official and independent media.
In preparation for the session, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation were convened in Bonn from 2 to 12 June 1998.
In another incident, Jerusalem police detained for questioning a 23-year-old female Palestinian census-taker on suspicion of having visited Palestinian homes in East Jerusalem.
7. Calls upon the nuclear-weapon States, pending the achievement of a total ban on nuclear weapons through a nuclear-weapons convention, to agree on an internationally and legally binding instrument of the joint undertaking not to be the first to use nuclear weapons, and calls upon all States to conclude an internationally and legally binding instrument on security assurances of non-use and threat of use of nuclear weapons against non-nuclear weapon States;
The Board considers that the incomes of the trust funds should be utilized fruitfully on the programmes instead of accumulating as fund balances.
It is based upon a UNDCP commitment to fund development activities in specific poppy-growing areas in exchange for the Taliban's agreement: (a) not to permit cultivation of opium poppy into new areas; (b) to allow UNDCP to survey the opium poppy crop; and (c) to take action against trafficking of illicit drugs and for the destruction of illicit laboratories.
Amendments to the Convention or its Annexes
The Programme informed the Board that it planned to develop a set of standard performance indicators for incorporation in individual projects and for assessing the Programme as a whole.
3. Cooperation with relevant international organizations.
The number shown for 1997 includes participants who may have separated but whose benefits have not yet been processed.
In Indonesia, for example, child survival policies are linked to efforts at poverty alleviation.
They expressed strong preference for establishing an internal audit section within the Fund secretariat which would report directly to the Secretary.
Government managers may design systems with excessive controls in one area of their operations that adversely affect other operations.
86. From June 1997 to the present, no potential or actual witness before the Tribunal has lost his or her life as a result of his or her real or presumed relationship to the Tribunal.
Emphasizing that the 1985 Protocol of Cartagena de Indias, the 1991 Santiago Commitment, General Assembly resolution AG/RES.1080 (SSI-O/91) of 1991, and the 1992 Protocol of Washington give the Organization of American States an important role in defending and promoting democracy in the hemisphere,
Recommendations contained in the report of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights on its sixteenth session
“Universal Declaration of Human Rights”, passbook reprint released in Arabic, English, French, Russian and Spanish in August
The Committee continued its discussion and agreed to part of the text at its 1678th meeting, on 16 July 1998.
The unutilized balance of $115,000 resulted from the use of only four INMARSAT terminals and lower monthly costs.
Table 3. is illustrative of the range of such indicators which have been developed to date:
The trend could accelerate, since most settlements in the West Bank had been designated national priority areas A and B since January 1997.
Firmly convinced that the rule of law is an essential factor in the protection of human rights, as stressed in the Declaration, and should continue to attract the attention of the international community,
32. The Commission currently consists of 34 persons who serve in their individual capacity.
Published for the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) (New York, Oxford University Press, 1996).
7. The financial situation of the United Nations peacekeeping operations during the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1997 was influenced by serious cash shortages affecting both the regular budget and individual peacekeeping operations, which necessitated borrowings from and among peacekeeping funds, and a high level of obligations due to Member States for troop cost and contingent-owned equipment reimbursements, which the Organization has not been able to pay.
107. Following up on the 1997 Kyoto Conference (third session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change), UNDP and the Global Environment Facility are supporting some 100 developing countries in the preparation of national situation reports.
“15. Reiterates its concern at the conditions in most communal detention centres and prisons, emphasizes the need for greater attention and resources to be directed to that problem and encourages the Government of Rwanda to continue to look for pragmatic solutions to allow for an increase of the number of prisoners being released and reintegrated into society, and again urges the international community to assist the Government of Rwanda in that area;
There will be a meeting of the Asian-African Legal Con-sultative Committee on Wednesday, 29 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 6.
Iraq at that stage had no specific comments to make on the proposals put forward by other delegations.
2. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 62nd, 63rd, 68th and resumed 68th meetings, on 18 and 29 May and 26 June 1998.
The applicability of 4.2.1.9.2, 4.2.1.9.3 or 4.2.1.9.5.1 to individual substances is specified in the applicable portable tank special provisions in Part 4.2.4.3 and column 11 of the Dangerous Goods List.
It has reiterated its full support for compliance with the provisions of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, in particular article VI on the holding of negotiations on nuclear disarmament.
III. Demobilization, reintegration and reconstruction of municipalities
(b) Implementation of Releases 4 (payroll) and 5 (operational applications) at Headquarters by August 1999 and at all duty stations to be completed by August 2000 (see annex I, sect. F);
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 61, and of the Security Council.
To facilitate this task, the General Assembly adopted Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities (see Assembly resolution 48/96).
2. This report, the audited financial statements and the report of the Board of Auditors along with the associated report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions will be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.
Total contributions to date, including the transfer of $1 million from the UNSMIH trust fund mentioned in paragraph 15 above, amount to $9,298,700 and have been authorized for expenditure.
The estimate is based on average fuel use of 17 litres per day per vehicle, a fleet distribution of 85 and 15 per cent for diesel- and petrol-powered vehicles and fuel rates of $0.16 and $0.262 per litre for diesel and petrol, respectively.
The Committee emphasized that the choice of unedited verbatim transcripts should be consistent with the needs of the bodies concerned.
(a) Operative paragraph 14 (c), which had read:
It is therefore difficult to make use of this practice to meet the immediate needs of the Tribunal for Professional staff.
To the extent that the crisis is blamed on political leaders, it is having an insidious and corrosive effect, not only on the authority of the State, but also on institutional behaviour.
1973-1978 Section member responsible for criminal law, reform of the Criminal Code, including, inter alia, responsibility for criminal issues arising in relation to public international law.
1961 Passed with the highest distinction the national competitive entry examination and was appointed Associate Judge in the Court of First Instance of Athens.
(c) Agriculture: In this essential sector, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and UNDP have developed programmes relating to food security and capacity-building of public services amounting to $30 million.
Bearing in mind that the debate on item 20 is scheduled to be held in the Plenary on Monday, 24 November, delegations are invited to present any initiative (draft resolution) they might have to the informal meeting on 12 November.
6.6.2.4.1 The minimum shell thickness shall be the greater thickness based on:
Non-monetary items carried at historical cost in other currencies are translated using the United Nations operational rate of exchange at the date of the transaction.
Towards a nuclear-weapon-free world: the need for a new agenda
181. On 6 February, it was reported that OC Border Police, Yitzhak Dadon, had ordered the removal from service with border police of two newly recruited border policemen suspected of abusing Arab minors. The policemen, who confessed to beating Arab youths and leaving them in a forest south of Jerusalem, were sent back to an IDF induction centre.
5. Expenditures total $46,988,000 gross ($45,428,900 net), resulting in an unencumbered balance of $9,117,000 gross ($8,279,700 net).
Acquisitions are charged against budgetary accounts in the year of purchase.
Objectives for the biennium, expected results and performance indicators
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
The dialogue is accordingly premised on my conviction that expanding markets and human security can and should go hand in hand.
198. Attention was drawn to the conclusions of the Committee on Information and the view was expressed that qualitative enhancement of information material, training courses for developing countries and economies in transition, and publication in the six United Nations official languages were not reflected adequately in the new programme narrative.
Additionally, the Group has organized several conferences, seminars or workshops in Argentina (in partnership with OECD), Colombia, Chile, India, Indonesia, Nepal (in partnership with UNCTAD), Peru and Turkey.
There is increasing recognition of the fact that development without peace is not possible and peace without development is not possible.
All developing countries had experienced increases in inward FDI in 1996, although Latin America had performed better than South, East and South-East Asia - the largest host region - and Africa continued to attract a relatively small proportion of FDI flows to developing countries.
(b) Continue, through its working group, its consideration of matters relating to the definition and delimitation of outer space and to the character and utilization of the geostationary orbit, including consideration of ways and means to ensure the rational and equitable use of the geostationary orbit without prejudice to the role of the International Telecommunication Union;
362. The role of the Committee in all aspects of its mandate should be strengthened.
9. Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops.
Furthermore, when a long document is split among several self-revising translators, a necessity when short deadlines have to be met, a senior reviser is normally assigned the task of reading the entire translated text, with a view to ensuring consistency in terminology and style in particular.
“Setting the record straight: UN salaries and benefits”, updated and released in English in April
Commitment II: Commitment to strengthening institutions for the protection of human rights
The Board recommends that at least one senior staff member in each field office that regularly undertakes procurement should attend a procurement course.
9. Within the general policy on the employment of retirees, the following specific guidelines are applicable at the level of the department or office which is responsible for administration of contracts:
It should do so in cooperation with all the actors on the international stage.
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
The civilian staff deployed comprised 246 international staff, 98 local staff and 10 OAU observers.
Of those, 196 had time overruns of more than one year, with 15 projects having time overruns of over five years.
On 26 November 1997, the Government of Germany informed the Secretary-General that it could not grant this request and instructed that its voluntary contribution, plus interest accrued, be returned.
(a) Cooperation between the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and the United Nations Environment Programme;
7. For its consideration of this item, the Commission had before it the following documentation:
Access to full Internet, however, is still far from global: another 35 Trade Points exchange information via E-mail and the rest, mainly in LDCs, still communicate via fax.
COMMITTEE ON THE PEACEFUL USES OF OUTER SPACE
It seeks to encourage the formulation of enabling legislation to respond to this major global challenge. It will also promote exchanges of information and knowledge among developing countries through South-South linkages.
The Greek Cypriot representative attempts to rewrite the recent history of the island by claiming that the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus (UNFICYP) was established in 1964 after the Greek Cypriot wing of the once binational Republic of Cyprus invoked the assistance of the United Nations in December 1963 when faced with the threat of intervention!
The seriousness of the situation was such that had no further action been taken, the Agency would have run out of funds completely in the last quarter of 1997 and been forced to suspend operations until fresh contributions were received.
165. On 20 October, it was reported that a Palestinian liaison officer at the Allenby (King Hussein) Bridge had complained to the police that he had been beaten and humiliated by border policemen at a roadblock near Abu Dis.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 51/4), A/53/272 and Add.1.
The General Assembly took note of chapters I, II, III, IV, V (sections A, B, D and H), VI, VII of the report of Economic and Social Council (A/52/3).
13/COP.1 Collaboration with other conventions
At present, 20 members are taking advantage of the volume-driven subscription rates available through this service, and several other organizations of the United Nations system are considering membership.
(d) Letter dated 8 May 1998 from the Permanent Observer for Switzerland to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, containing a proposal to hold the special session in Geneva (A/AC.253/4);
The Council calls upon the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Joint and Co-sponsored United Nations Programme on Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (HIV/AIDS) and its co-sponsors to provide technical assistance to States, upon their request, for the promotion and protection of human rights in the context of HIV/AIDS.
69. The opinion was expressed that a reorientation in viewing gender issues was required, since in some cases women were outperforming men in education and other areas.
Each portable tank special provision is identified by an alpha-numeric designation (TP1 to T24).
35. UNHCR maintains that it is unreasonable, for a range of operational reasons, to request that implementing partner audit certificates be submitted in time for the Board of Auditors to be able to review them at the time that it carries out the audit of UNHCR for a given year.
The Director of the Budget Division responded to questions posed.
(f) Confinement in “the hole”, which is a cell measuring not more than 50 cm by 70 cm high that is flooded with water;
i) The global objectives (article 2, paragraph 1) are to:
The well-being of a child depends not only on survival, but also on his/her sound induction into society.
48. Work has continued on the six training packages to support the training activities addressed to professional and other target groups, such as human rights monitors, judges and lawyers, prison officers, primary and secondary school teachers, journalists, and national and local non-governmental organizations, which are being undertaken by the Office and by national committees and training centres for human rights education.
47. The growth of the world economy over the last 35 years has been enormous, measured only by GDP, which as we know falls far short of measuring wealth in its entirety.
Further, the Centre should take the initiative in completing evaluation of technical cooperation projects on time.
One of the aircraft landed at the illegal Tymbou airport and later both of them returned to the Ankara flight information region.
A statement was made by the Head of the Political Department of the Palestine Liberation Organization.
Other parts of the United Nations family are present in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip and have demonstrated the commitment of the United Nations to help the Palestinian people.
13. Project implementation should be improved by identifying the weaknesses in project coordination and management control and by ensuring that work plans provide for performance indicators and that the technical assistance provided in the project is of the required standard and takes into account the capacity of the national staff.
A small core of staff with experience and skills in insurance administration and contract management can undertake those tasks. The ultimate responsibility for those tasks should rest with the Assistant-Secretary-General for Central Support Services.
Article 7 of the ordinance on competition prohibits:
The Secretary-General will report on such situations and, if necessary, will make recommendations to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session.
Vendors of integrated solutions have gained tremendous power in the civilian market on a global basis, notably with Microsoft and SAP AG taking hold of different market segments and also forming alliances.
Provision of $8,200 is made for the replacement of office furniture, as indicated in annex II.B above;
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
Either of these approaches, it was pointed out at the time, had attendant technical and legal and administrative difficulties.
II. Chairperson’s summary of the informal discussions under agenda items 3 and 4
In competition for FDI, poorer countries are relatively disadvantaged.
Both the similarities and the differences between BITs deserve special attention.
282. The Committee expresses concern that, despite progress made in achieving women’s equal participation in political and public life, including in Parliament, the Judiciary and in statutory boards, there was little effort to achieve targets set for gender balance through the use of temporary special measures.
25. Indeed, while in several countries, membership in industry associations or chambers of commerce is obligatory for all entrepreneurs that wish to have access to their services, in others some of the established private sector organizations discriminate against or exclude potential members not only on the basis of size of the business but also on religious, ethnic or gender grounds.
(d) Identify and describe the linkages among the principal networks, including gaps and possible overlaps;
Table 1 Time taken to complete recruitment and appointment actions
There is also the need to introduce more flexibility in the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries (HIPC) Debt Initiative because the strategy, as currently designed, fails to address short-term problems.
Code of Liberalisation of Current Invisible
We have the honour to transmit herewith the text of the joint declaration by the Presidents of Azerbaijan, Georgia and Turkey on the development of relations of friendship, good-neighbourliness and cooperation among the three countries on the occasion of the ground-breaking ceremony of the Deriner Dam on 26 April 1998 in Trabzon, Turkey (see annex).
Their unique cage structures have prompted scientists to use the hollow interior to contain a variety of atoms that can then be protected or delivered to other sites.
63. The inhabitants of Jerusalem have identity cards and enjoy freedom of movement in Israel.
CONCLUSIONS OF THE INFORMAL CONSULTATIVE MEETING
(a) Review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD
107. Indonesia indicated its commitment to fulfilling its obligations to the United Nations, but drew to the Committee’s attention its current economic crisis and the fact that the Indonesian currency continued to be under serious pressures.
In the Committee's view, this carries risks to the right to life (art. 6) (through resort to illegal abortion) and to the rights of the child (arts. 23 and 24) if born in such circumstances.
The Committee continued consideration of the item.
As at 1 September 1998, only 21 States parties had accepted the amendment.
A new category of loans, to needy non-SHC refugees for housing improvements, was successfully introduced.
The Chairman of the Committee made a statement.
(b) Drug abuse and trafficking in conflict and post-conflict situations.
3. Preparation of a protocol or another legal instrument
150. The Committee commends the Federal Republic of Nigeria for having ratified the Convention in June 1985 without reservations.
To meet local labour market demand, plans were under way to enhance the electronics course to cover electronic control and computer applications, beginning in 1998/1999.
16. The lack of basic sanitation, water supply and food safety continues to contribute greatly to diarrhoeal disease mortality and morbidity in the developing world.
They will, however, coordinate these activities with the Mine Action Service in order to ensure that they are coherent and mutually reinforcing.
16.1 During the period of the medium-term plan 1992-1997, the membership in the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) increased from 49 to 60, mainly as a result of new members from the Commonwealth of Independent States.
It is the second time during the current month that the hopes of mankind for the non-nuclear world have been seriously challenged.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment; A/53/253.
3. The World Development Report, prepared by the World Bank in 1997 on the theme, “The State in a changing world”, provided further analytical support for the notion that a strong, efficient, transparent and accountable administration is a key factor in economic development.
Six Parties (CHE, CZE, DEU, GBR, NLD, SLO) projected a decrease.
Administrative assistant (General Service (Other level): one post)
On the basis of this rule of equality, a legal culture can teach rights, duties and responsibilities, thus creating solidarity among the members of the same society.
FCCC/AG13/1996/MISC.1 Responses to questionnaire relating to the establishment and Add.1 of a multilateral consultative process: Submissions by Parties and non-parties
There continue to exist methodological problems of measurement and quantification that demand ongoing attention and work.
The filling and discharge devices (including flanges or threaded plugs) and any protective caps shall be capable of being secured against unintended opening.
The Committee is currently in the process of being decentralized to the regions, where it is envisioned that its work will have greater focus on regional and country-specific issues.
The management of the Fund continued to maintain a careful balance between risk and reward expectation over the medium to long term, rather than taking the risk inherent in seeking very high short-term returns.
5. The experts had an intensive discussion on the issue of access to telecommunications services, in particular the Internet, which still varies widely among countries.
Environment and sustainable development [98](A/52/25, A/52/112, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/52/318, A/52/ 347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/514-S/1997/815)
Additional funding for the purposes of implementing Article 12 shall be provided to the financial mechanism by developed country Parties and other developed Parties included in Annex II to the Convention in a predictable and identifiable manner.
(c) The requirement of exhaustion of domestic remedies (Optional Protocol, art. 5, para. 2 (b))
106. The Special Committee urges the Secretariat to address the processing of the backlog of contingent-owned equipment claims and in particular urgently to address the processing of claims for contingent-owned equipment write-offs that are beyond the authority of the local property survey boards.
These rules of procedure may be amended by a decision of the Conference, after the General Committee has reported on the proposed amendment.
10. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
They also stressed their complete agreement on the high priority that must be given to Africa in the cooperative work of the two organizations. (see Part III for description of activities).
2. Approves, with effect from the date of its adoption by the General Assembly, the amendment of article 45 of the Regulations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund to provide for a payment facility in respect of former spouses, as set out in the annex to the present resolution;
The three East African countries (Kenya, Uganda and the United Republic of Tanzania) are in the process of reviving the East African Airways joint venture.
Its objective, though technical in practice, is humanitarian and developmental in consequence.
Similarly, the amounts to be returned to Member States were understated by $28 million.
Prevalence of hypertension among registered refugees age 40 and above (per cent)
4. The unutilized balance of $295,700 was due to lower deployment of United Nations Volunteers than was planned for the MIPONUH mandate.
The commission shall submit a proposal on a solution to the Parties.
7. The participants agreed that various concerns expressed over time regarding the consultative process and working arrangements had been well documented, and that the approach of the Working Group would be to focus upon positive and constructive solutions.
This sector covers emissions from energy end-use in the household, commercial and public sectors as well as from the combustion of fossil fuels and by-products from industrial processes.
These results, however, will be insufficient to meet the intermediate indicative tax burden target of 10.4 per cent set for 1998.
(h) Date and venue of the fourth session of the Conference of the Parties
Nevertheless, it is already envisaged that a total of five security-related training programmes and seminars will be organized during the period.
(a) Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy
The trends in total emissions, as well as for CO2, CH4 and N2O, and the trends for the most important sources for 1990 to 1995, are included in tables B.1 to B.16.
(c) In April 1998, Daw San San was sentenced to 25 years imprisonment.
The main presentation will be given by Professor Muhammad Yunus, Managing Director, Grameen Bank.
270. The representative stated that Indonesia would be taking concrete measures to revise gender-discriminatory legislation, to ratify United Nations human rights treaties and to sensitize the courts with regard to sexual offenders.
59. The chairpersons also noted with interest the wish expressed by the representative of UNESCO that the newly appointed Special Rapporteur on education should cooperate with UNESCO and be able to visit its headquarters to make use of its existing network and material.
In the light of the above, specific tasks of the Secretariat under this programme will continue to be focused on the provision of support, on request, in respect of:
Thus, the Dominican Republic was included as a partner in the Sustainable Development Alliance and later, on 17 April 1998, signed a free trade agreement with the five Central American countries which will go into effect in January 1999.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution contained in document A/52/23 (Part VI), chap. IX, para. 31, without objec-tion.
11. In its related report of 26 June 1996 (A/50/985), the Advisory Committee recommended that the General Assembly take note of the ad hoc arrangements for the financing of the Base from 23 November 1994 to 30 June 1996 and approve the Secretary-General’s cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, to be prorated among the individual peacekeeping operation budgets.
- Official Development Assistance: For the foreseeable future, ODA would remain the most important source of funding for the CCD, despite its decline over the past decade and the limited prospect for a dramatic increase in the short term.
72. For those offices paying for such services, 10 field offices had maintenance costs that were twice the average cost of $355 per staff member, ranging from $743 to $2,016.
An exchange of information on national policy priorities would be useful in this respect.
The Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.4/52/L.6 without a vote.
136. The system is responding to the guidance from the General Assembly on issues of monitoring and evaluation.
Canadian Institute of Chartered Accountants (CICA) 1993.
35. Consultations between the President of the Economic and Social Council and the Chairman of the Committee on Conferences were held on 22 May 1997.
It suggested specific ways to strengthen that role, notably by being of assistance to the Director of the Institute in developing its publications programme and in fund-raising.
52/180 Global financial flows and their impact on the developing countries
— subregional programming and start—up workshop 50,000
The Subcommission included a special item to allow further review of issues that might be relevant to the special session of the General Assembly devoted to the fight against the illicit production, sale, demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and related activities, to be held in June 1998.
Police forcibly removed the Waqf officials and detained them for questioning.
In seeking information on relevant practice within the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the secretariat has been informed that observers, subject to the discretion of the Chairman, are allowed to intervene as experts on matters of direct relevance to an agenda item.
Our political will and determination for cooperation, supported by our peoples, are most valuable assets to respond to such challenges.
However, the current Norwegian legislation does not acknowledge or grant any special land rights to the Saami people in Norway
First, on a broad range of protection issues, we have made efforts to reach out and promote a dialogue with the members of this Committee.
International Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman
98. Different policies and programmes initiated by the Government or by local authorities in the fields of multicultural education and education of children of minorities, employment, combating racist messages through the Internet and involving persons from different minorities in health programmes and activities are also noted with interest.
The representative of Austria, on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document, as well as Belgium, Croatia, Malaysia, Poland, the Republic of Korea and Samoa, introduced and orally revised the draft resolution.
The linkage between these networks includes: scientific cooperation through meetings, conferences, workshops, exchange of experts and training programmes.
87. The continuation of this unjust situation and the widespread suffering it entails is unacceptable, particularly since agreements outlining the framework for a peaceful solution were already reached by the parties.
The Agency will implement the recommendations of the Board in the 1998–1999 biennium accounts.
(a) The United Nations Office for Project Services account, to which all of the income to the Office derived from its services is credited and against which all its operational costs are charged;
On that day one VIP C-650 military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the Nicosia flight information region violating international air traffic regulations.
The Committee then adopted the draft resolution.
Week of Solidarity with the Peoples of All Colonial Territories Fighting for Freedom, Independence and Human Rights
As of June 1998, 318 United Nations Secretariat staff members were assigned to missions in some 33 locations.
In Vienna, it held seminars and workshops for Czech, Estonian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Polish, Slovak and Ukrainian officials.
An additional protocol could provide for punishment of “ecocide”, for example.
43. Of great concern to MICIVIH is the increasing number of cases (14 in Port-au-Prince) where State prosecutors refuse to comply with writs of habeas corpus or judicial release orders.
Furthermore, United Nations system entities, many of whom are facing resource limitations, are bound by decisions of their governing bodies regarding the use of resources.
The repatriation of other contingent personnel was provided for in the prior reporting period.
The key factors responsible for these variations from bulk behaviour are the size and size distribution of phases and structures, chemical composition of phases and the interactions between phases at the interfaces.
They are also often capable to deliver higher—quality services with greater flexibility and at lower costs.
“5. Commends the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda for the progress made in its work, and urges States to cooperate with the Tribunal to allow it to speed up proceedings;
A local search engine, a site map and a subject index facilitate access to information and make the site more user-friendly.
Expenditures of $1,100 were incurred to meet minimal replacement stock requirements for central support personnel.
If accompanied by appropriate trade, exchange rate and agricultural policies, such an expansion could lay the basis for a recovery of private investment and help to initiate a process of diversification out of traditional exports that is essential for sustained growth.
(i) Audit of procurement-related arbitration cases (resolution 52/226 A);
The Convention was still subject to a large number of reservations, and even though laws and policies to implement the Convention had been introduced, de facto implementation was still impeded by entrenched attitudes that were in contradistinction to the principles of the Convention.
The so-called "globalization" of the market risks being an empty word if the benefits of globalization are not shared among all sectors of the population, at the national and the international level.
Conference Room Papers A/52/CRP.1, 2 and 3 as well as the Informal List of Measures and Proposals of 7 October 1997 were made available to members during the previous informal consultations. Committees
* Following the adjournment of the 42nd meeting of the Second Committee. THIRD COMMITTEE 38th meeting Room 2
C. United Nations peacekeeping reserve fund
Its impartial and strict handling of elections is widely recognized.
17. Concluding observations: Syrian Arab Republic
He emphasized that FDI could not be analysed in isolation from other issues.
Generally all reports mentioned that the activity, in one form or the other, contributed to capacity building, transfer of environmentally sound technologies and know-how.
In addition, most of the precursors for production of chemical weapon agents are sufficiently uncommon so their import/export, especially in large quantities, can be detected and monitored by national intelligence services and the Technical Secretariat of the Organization to Prohibit Chemical Warfare, which operates under the Chemical Weapons Convention.
(Signed) Luigi EINAUDI (Signed) Ivan CANNABRAVA
96. International Federation of Freight Forwarding Associations (FIATA).
The “oil for food” programme, authorized under Security Council resolution 986 (1995) of 14 April 1995, necessitated the redeployment of staff within the Department and the recruitment of temporary staff in order to fully implement the resolution.
39. It is also difficult to draw the line between minor and gross violations of human rights.
9. The character of the commercial relations instituted by colonialism also created long-term distortions in the political economy of Africa.
The Committee emphasizes that all such deaths should be inquired into and that inquests ordered under the Coroners Act which are adjourned pending the consideration by the Department of Public Prosecutions of potential charges must be reopened if no prosecution ensues.
A report of Amnesty International, entitled “Under constant medical supervision: Torture, Ill-Treatment and the Health Professions in Israel and the Occupied Territories” (MDE 15/37/96), dated August 1996, contains the following passages:
Paragraphs 2 and 3 of part I of the Declaration indicate which decisions are procedural, while paragraphs 4 and 5 indicate those decisions which are subject to veto, i.e., those decisions that may “initiate a chain of events which might, in the end, require the Council, under its responsibilities, to invoke measures of enforcement under [Chapter VIII]”.
This is largely due to the availability of cross-border data networks, which, to quote Nicholas Negroponte, allow countries to trade “bits” rather than “atoms” N. Negroponte (1996) “Being Digital”, MIT Press, Cambridge.
At 1925 hours the Lahad militia strafed areas around its position at the Zimriya crossing with medium-weapons fire.
* Tax incentives or subsidies for efficient equipment
"(a) Expenses incurred by the Board in the administration of these Regulations shall be met by the Fund.
a. Claims and Information Management Section
13. Effective joint civilian/military resourcing and tasking resulted in significant savings under alteration and renovation of premises.
Linking these institutions and providing results of their policy analysis more directly to decision makers would add value to and increase the policy impact of their work in the continent.
Between 0940 and 1000 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South at high altitude.
Last September, UNDP co-sponsored, along with the Inter-American Development Bank, OAS and the CARICOM secretariat, among others, the regional Conference on Governance, Democracy and Civil Society.
Report on the methodology to be applied to, and the level of, administrative support costs regarding gratis personnel (A/52/823)
34. Emphasizing the important role that the international community should play in addressing the unsustainable debt problems of African countries, the mid-term review stressed the need to pursue efforts to reduce further the African debt.
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 96 ( c ) and of agenda item 96 as a whole.
1. Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116] (A/52/7/Add.1 and Add.3, A/52/16/Add.1, A/51/950 and Corr.1 (Arabic only) and Add.1-6, A/52/303, A/C.5/52/ 20 and A/C.5./52/27)
241. First Meeting of the States Parties to the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families [General Assembly resolution 45/158]
New teaching modules and projects included in the site <http://www.un.org/Pubs/cyberschoolbus> are:
38. Prescription of heroin to opiate addicts has been allowed in the United Kingdom since the 1920s.
(c) In operative paragraph 10, the word “Welcomes” was replaced by the words “Takes note with appreciation of”;
1. New Zealand is firmly committed to nuclear disarmament.
(a) INDIGENOUS PEOPLES AND THEIR RELATIONSHIP TO LAND
Indicators that will inform on the availability of value-added services include: number of service providers (e.g. Internet, VANs, cellular networks, call-back operators), types of value-added services available (e.g. e-mail, video conferencing, itemized billing), etc.
The General Assembly, however, has so far taken no action on the proposal.
Beatriz Ximenes’ husband, David Dias Ximenes, was arrested on the suspicion of being the mastermind behind the 28 May 1997 assault on the mobile brigade headquarters.
The translation posts were not approved, though additional funds were added to the budget for temporary assistance for meetings.
Parties participating in joint implementation projects, on the basis of joint agreement and in accordance with their contributions to the projects, have the right to share among themselves the results of the greenhouse gas emission reduction and/or sink enhancement (in terms of tonnes of carbon equivalent) achieved by the projects.
During the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, the two Secretaries-General discussed the situation regarding the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Iraq and Algeria, as well as United Nations reform.
They use such data for various purposes: to reduce their own exposure to lending or credit risk; to judge the entity's own exposure to risk; to interpret corporate managements' ability to manage environmental issues and integrate environmental issues into general long-term strategic issues; and to compare progress between companies and over time.
16. Initial efforts concentrated on establishing a certifiable record of non-expendable and expendable stock holdings.
In the light of the information provided by the delegation, the Committee encourages the State party to promote and facilitate every opportunity to discuss this issue within the country, in order to find a solution that is in full compliance with Uruguay’s obligations under the Covenant.
Letter dated 7 August 1992 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of France to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24394);
Regional groupings, such as ASEAN, have collectively targeted complementary intra industry activities.
20. In reviewing procedures for the application of Article 19, pursuant to its mandate under General Assembly resolution 52/215 B, the Committee recalled that, under its terms of reference, pursuant to paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 14 A (I) of 13 February 1946, it was also mandated to consider and report to the General Assembly on the action to be taken if Members fall into default with their contributions.
11. The Parties confirm that, in order to achieve general peace and prosperity in the twenty-first century, it is necessary to create a new, just and rational international political and economic order.
(f) Report of the Secretary-General on a new international humanitarian order (A/53/486);
Reaffirming Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/40 of 30 July 1998,
16. Approves four hundred support account-funded temporary posts for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999;
17. The main emphasis of the plan is on the development of the north of the island as the basis for the country’s future economic, social and political advancement.
UNDP has also funded the participation of the first General Assembly of the Federation of OAU Clubs, which was convened in Ouagadougou in May 1998.
Methodologies for calculating project baselines and actual emissions in order to assess the incremental impact of the project;
The 19th Special Session of the General Assembly in June this year had hailed the CCD's adoption and entry into force as one of the major accomplishments of the Rio process.
1. At its substantive session, the Council considered the question of special economic, humanitarian and disaster relief assistance (agenda item 5) at its 28th to 32nd meetings, from 14 to 17 July 1998.
International Centre for the Study of the Preservation and the Restoration of Cultural Property (ICCROM)
(a) Governments should integrate and/or preserve immigrant cultural identities in the host country, respect individual choices about cultural adoption and invest in formal and non-formal educational programmes as an effective way to promote cultural understanding;
The Council calls upon the components of the United Nations system to support the work of the mechanisms and procedures in the field of economic, social and cultural rights.
Documents considered by the Economic and Social Council in connection with the question of economic and environmental questions
The Committee expects that future submissions of the Secretary-General should contain sufficient and specific information to confirm that projects are regional and/or interregional in nature and that they are not substitutes but complementary.
145. Conditions for workers in the garment and other industries are still of concern.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 33 and 36.
49. After so many years of stagnation and decline, the recent recovery in Africa has understandably engendered much optimism.
In addition, the availability of these facilities provides the Secretariat with a controlled “rapid exit” option, allowing it to quickly withdraw field missions, in an orderly and economic manner, should this become necessary.
UNDCP will only undertake the implementation of a small number of projects, such as subregional law enforcement projects, where national execution or participation of other international organizations is not considered to be an option.
The effect of the change should, if material, be disclosed and quantified;
23. Some other delegations expressed the view that the establishment of a permanent mechanism was premature.
If the Meeting of the Parties, on receipt of the reports referred to in paragraph 207 above, concludes that a Party is under difficulty in achieving the quantified objective referred to in Article 3, paragraph 1 (see paragraph 114), the Meeting shall make recommendations to the Party.
El Desván de los recuerdos (The attic of memories) (Short stories, 1994).
The present report surveys current experience and highlights the strengths and weaknesses of the microcredit approach, including the administrative difficulties and limited linkages with other services for the poor.
4. A number of initiatives taken recently have placed FDI issues high on the international economic policy agenda, raising the possibility of increased international cooperation in this area.
At the same time, attention has to be drawn to the obstacles such as market access barriers and supply-side constraints which still prevent many developing countries from taking optimal advantage of new market chances.
34. There was widespread agreement among the participants in the consultations that it was absolutely critical to identify incentives for Governments to report their military spending.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
Several experts noted that such packages could and should be tailored to the needs of developing countries as well as to the specific objectives they are aimed at achieving.
Palestinian sources indicated that the riots erupted in response to the death in a Jerusalem prison cell of an 18-year-old Palestinian youth on 29 January.
Before the adoption of the 1993 MLM Convention, ship suppliers had a maritime lien in respect of their claim.
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
In 1995, other areas contributed as follows: United States (25 per cent of global seizures), Near and Middle East (17.5 per cent), Africa (7 per cent) and Europe (6 per cent). Lysergic acid diethylamide
Jerusalem District Police Commander Yair Yitzhaki justified the shooting, stating that the vehicle had driven through two checkpoints.
A large number of enterprises are, as a consequence, excluded from dialogue with the Government, thus weakening the design of effective SME development policies and strategies.
No. 1 Right to Adequate Food as a Human Right (Sales No. E.89.XIV.2)
7. Decides to consider the report of the Secretary-General at its fifty-fourth session under the sub-item entitled “Implementation of human rights instruments”.
51. During the crisis, a major impediment to economic recovery proved to be the unavailability of trade finance.
Such reform should entail a clear repudiation of racial discrimination.
While the level of unpaid assessments has remained relatively constant, a further deterioration in the pattern of payments has occurred because previously prompt payers are delaying their payments more and more.
Based upon their reactions and feedback, the developers modify the system and again present it to the users.
The report also said that the greatest hazard came from inhaling the fine particles of uranium dust produced when shells hit vehicles and set them alight.
OHCHR organized, inter alia, several seminars to promote the implementation of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination and support activities against new forms of racial discrimination, including in the context of migration.
As of 30 September 1998, there were 138 members of the Authority, including 11 members on a provisional basis.
Pre-qualification of project consortia (legislative recommendations 3-7 and paras. 33-46)
Moreover, the time span of six years over the two phases is rather long when account is taken of the adjustment efforts already achieved by the HIPCs.
I request you to have this letter circulated as an official General Assembly document in relation to item 55 of the provisional agenda.
Briefing The Commonwealth Secretary-General, H.E. Chief Emeka Anyaoku, will hold a briefing for the Permanent Representatives of Commonwealth Member States of the United Nations today, 18 November 1997, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
Also requests the Council and the Rector to enhance further coordination and complementarity between the University’s research and training centres and its programmes; “5.
12. No trust fund has been established for the Mission.
42. Since the submission of the Special Rapporteur’s report of 11 September 1998 (A/53/322), attorney Destan Rukiqi was transferred to the prison hospital in Belgrade, where he stayed until 22 August when he was released by a decision of the Supreme Court of Serbia, overturning his sentence on procedural grounds.
Noting with satisfaction that the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III), will be convened at the United Nations Office at Vienna from 19 to 30 July 1999 as a special session of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space open to all States Members of the United Nations,
Each Party included in Annex I to the Convention shall meet its QELROs without introducing any new commitments for Parties not included in Annex I.
In 1995, Africa’s external debt totalled $328.9 billion – of which approximately 45 per cent was owed to official bilateral sources, 30 per cent to official multilateral sources, and 25 per cent to commercial lenders.
Exporters from origin countries face lower tariffs under the generalized system of preferences.
Calls once again upon Member States not to recognize any of the legislative or administrative measures and actions referred to above;
United Kingdom- One family claim in the sixth instalment was erroneously awarded US$4,000.
Interest in environmental disclosure and accounting for the environment is not confined, however, to the countries covered by the KPMG survey. Interest has been shown in countries as diverse as China, India, Japan, the Russian Federation, South Africa and Thailand.
(g) To provide the focal point for a global exchange of information about human settlements; and to initiate public information activities on human settlements in cooperation with the Department of Public Information of the United Nations Secretariat;
9. However, the rejection of the embargo policy against Cuba and of its consequences are not confined to international forums.
Finally, in March 1997, the United Kingdom informed the United Nations that while the legal issue of liability remained “inconclusive”, the United Kingdom was prepared:
213. The representative cited statistics demonstrating that infant mortality in Bulgaria had decreased substantially since the years from 1970 to 1980.
** Immediately following the adjournment of the 45th meeting of the Second Committee.
contain information on projections. provided projections for the emissions of the main GHGs for 2000.
In addition, the Commission had held numerous consultations with a view to improving its methods of work so as to strengthen the utilization of conference-servicing resources.
In pursuance of these mandates, the Economic and Social Council carried out extensive consultations and, at its recent substantive session, adopted resolution 1998/46 on 31 July 1998.
With political will, rhetoric can truly be transformed into reality.
2. The following specialized agency and related organization were represented at the meeting:
“Further noting that the next comprehensive review of the implementation of Agenda 21 is scheduled to be carried out in 2002 by the General Assembly,
5. Statements were made by the representatives of Canada, Italy and Uganda (see A/C.5/52/SR.68).
States parties undertake to submit reports within one year of the entry into force of the Covenant for the State party concerned and thereafter whenever the Committee so requests.
Replace paragraphs 23.7 to 23.11 with the following:
However, if there is agreement on the nominations for these officers of subsidiary bodies, the whole list of officers may be elected directly by the Conference in plenary session.
34. Overall, cooperation between UNEP and the League in implementing regional programmes for environmental protection and sustainable development has proved to be very successful, with tangible results.
In Southern Africa, USAID, Canada and Nordic donor countries are spearheading technical assistance programmes to help utilize the newly rehabilitated infrastructure more efficiently.
(b) The financial effect of consolidating the greeting card and related operations accounts on a calendar basis is reflected, most notably, in the receivables and earnings of the greeting card and related operations.
The AGBM will have before it the negotiating text by the Chairman (FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1) and additional proposals from Parties referred to in paragraph 8 above.
27. Our weekly briefings for non-governmental organizations provide an opportunity for direct dialogue on most of the issues currently dealt with by the Organization.
4. Once received by the Office of Human Resources Management, cases of financial malpractice are handled as all other disciplinary matters in accordance with the provisions of ST/AI/371, so as to ensure that procedural and due process rights are respected.
Taking into account the unique character of St. Helena, its population and its natural resources,
131. The Board recommends that the ICSC secretariat help the Commission to take a renewed lead in restoring constructive dialogue.
In view of the Government's commitment to review legislation and policy regularly in the light of the principles and provisions of the Convention, the Committee is concerned that sufficient priority does not appear to have been given in the reviewing process to the possibility of establishing an independent monitoring body on the rights of the child and of pursuing an integrated and holistic approach to the adoption of legislation on the rights of the child.
Both projects are being carried out by UNU/IAS.
Other documents for reference at the first session of
Board of Inquiry Assistant (GS (OL), 2 posts)
79. One of the difficulties that this Section faces on a daily basis is that of being able to manage the quite often conflicting interests of the parties when drawing up the court calendar, the ultimate approval of which rests with the chambers, the competent judge or the President of the Tribunal.
Accordingly, special attention was given to the procurement operations in the audits conducted subsequently.
Important innovations are also taking place in Africa where programmes to address the health needs of older persons are reported in countries such as Malawi, Mozambique, Senegal and the United Republic of Tanzania.
57. At the end of May 1998, the President of the Supreme Court, Milan Vukovic, sent instructions to the country’s courts that they were not to provide international organizations with information about their work.
Some information concerning specific deteriorated resources is available whereas a lot of information is still lacking.
The Committee thus concluded its general debate.
30. Regional experiments with integration in Latin America and the Caribbean have been the response of our countries to the challenges of global competition.
207. The Committee further recommends that the State party give priority attention to the development of a system of data collection and to the identification of appropriate disaggregated indicators with a view to addressing all areas of the Convention and all groups of children in society.
10. There may also be a need to use other instruments to prevent the build-up of external financial vulnerability without impeding trade or medium- and long-term investment flows.
Indeed, ECDC and TCDC have emerged as integral elements of the philosophy of national and collective self-reliance espoused by the developing countries.
Any agreement to be reached as a result of the negotiations will be submitted for approval in separate referenda.
In the residential/institutional sector the focus is on promoting cogeneration in public buildings.
13. As in previous years, the Committee reconfirmed that all States Members and Permanent Observers to the United Nations desiring to participate in the work of the Committee as observers were welcome to do so.
Lower number of overnight stays during official travel
(a) [Submission of the dispute to the International Court of Justice; and/or]
Among the countries reporting, the main picture is that of an overall increase of drug abuse, with the possible exception of cocaine and hallucinogens, where the picture is more varied.
3. Calls upon all States to solve their disputes with other States by peaceful means in accordance with the Charter;
In addition, licensing requirements for agricultural traders are to be simplified.
Of these, it was estimated that 1.4 million were in areas covered by Operation Lifeline Sudan northern sector and 995,000 in areas served by the southern sector.
4. For its consideration of the substantive agenda item (item 3), the Expert Meeting had before it a background paper by the UNCTAD secretariat entitled "Telecommunications, business facilitation and trade efficiency: Some major implications of the global information infrastructure (GII) on trade and development” (TD/B/COM.3/EM.3/2).
Additionally, the Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force has not detected the use of these weapons in or near to the sovereign territory of Trinidad and Tobago.
One way to do this would be through establishing joint ventures with foreign firms, thereby improving the performance of local firms by making available to them capital and management skills.
Governments should encourage the collaboration and coordination of the efforts of non-governmental organizations and take steps to ensure that non-governmental organizations are appropriately funded.
(f) The Administration should ensure that recruitment of consultants fully comply with established rules and procedures (para. 76);
Source: African Business, May 1997, p.27.
Several others strongly supported the regional press seminars organized by the Department in cooperation with UNESCO and noted the positive role they played in the promotion of independent and pluralistic media.
74. Implementation of project activities proceeded satisfactorily and met defined objectives in terms of beneficiary targeting and outreach services.
The Prime Minister of Japan and the President of the Russian Federation state their intention to expand and deepen coordinated action by Japan and the Russian Federation on international issues, as follows:
MERS is a Windows-based computer program geared towards enhancing the effectiveness, relevance, efficiency and sustainability of the work carried out by ILO both at headquarters and in the field.
17. According to foreign wire services, there continued to be occasional harassment of young women by Tehran police and extrajudicial groups for failing to conform to the appropriate dress code.
The Department of Public Information is now engaged in a major redesign of the United Nations home page through which it hopes to target more specific audiences, and which should further facilitate NGOs’ access to United Nations-related information.
An account of the activities of the Competition Commission during the initial years of its operation appears in the first two progress reports, from which the principal opinions that led to ministerial decisions have been taken.
The majority of the displaced are reported in Ruhengeri Prefecture.
“(p) Follow-up to the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice on the Legality of the Threat or Use of Nuclear Weapons;
323. The Committee took note of the progress report of the Secretary-General and of the results achieved in the implementation of the Special Initiative.
Alyaksandr Sychou Latin American and Caribbean States: Antigua and Barbuda
Coordinated networks of small smart sensors offer enhanced low-cost capabilities for intelligence gathering, surveillance and reconnaissance.
Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961, as amended by the 1972 Protocol
304. The Committee recommends that the Government give priority to hastening the pace of progress on women's issues in Indonesia.
A senior representative of the donor countries told Ha’aretz that the logic of a continued transfer of funds to the Authority was increasingly called into question by the parliaments of various donor countries since in practice the funds served only to subsidize the losses caused by Israel’s closure policy.
The international donor community has also responded positively to the Commission's call and has started to extend additional technical and financial support for the joint SCP facility.
10. The Committee requested the Secretariat, when drafting future calendars of conferences and meetings, to merge into one section the draft list of meetings of treaty bodies established under the auspices of the United Nations, including the meetings of the Preparatory Committee of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, and the draft calendar of conferences and meetings of the principal organs of the specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
The Convention was adopted by the General Assembly in resolution 44/25 of 20 November 1989 and opened for signature and ratification or accession in New York on 26 January 1990.
The risk of policy reversals and continued civil strife also raises questions about the sustainability of the recent economic recovery in some LDCs.
Mr. Andras Sebok, Deputy Director, Development and Quality Institute for Foreign Food Industry, Hungary
At its session held in the first half of odd years, the Commission is called upon to review and approve the revised programme budget for the current biennium and the proposed outline for the next biennium.
Their need for shelter, food and medicine has already strained government resources.
Steps will also be taken to further enhance training in the use of the Internet to cover all staff in the Department, so as to enable all divisions to make their contribution and thus complement the work of the Information Technology Section.
Protection against products harmful to health and the environment
(d) The offence is committed by a stateless person who has his or her habitual residence in the territory of that State; or
2. The position of the Government of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea on North-South relations
Informal consultations on agenda item 119 (Pattern of confer-ences (A/52/32 and Corr.1 (Chinese only) and Add.1, A/51/946 and Corr.1 (Russian only), A/52/215 and Add.1, A/52/216 and Add.1, A/52/291, A/52/340 and Add.1 and A/C.5/52/CRP.1))
In this context, UNCTAD should develop its strategic approach to and enhance its analytical capacity for trade efficiency, building upon the practical and action-oriented work which it has been producing in this area.
Convinced that moving towards a society for all ages will require policies that strengthen individual lifelong development into late life, focused on self-help and independence, and, relatedly and simultaneously, strengthen enabling environments of families, neighbourhoods, communities of interest and broad societal institutions based on principles of reciprocity and interdependence,
Considering the emergence of new opportunities for building a peaceful world,
Campaigns aimed at clarifying opportunities, limitations and rights in the event of migration so as to enable women to make informed decisions and prevent them from becoming victims of trafficking were also to be encouraged.
The Committee welcomes the establishment of the Office of the Ombudsman, with power to investigate citizens' complaints concerning alleged violations of human rights by officials and the establishment of an Inter-Ministerial Committee on Human Rights and International Humanitarian Law.
The Filofil company in Lille, France, created a tolerance chart made up of texts against racism and exclusion written by young people between the ages of 8 and 16 (March 1998).
Letter dated 30 April 1998 from the Permanent
Programme 15. Economic and social development in Asia and the Pacific
More specific objectives, to be pursued under the responsibility of the Environment and Human Settlements Division, are:”.
An explanation of factors and assumptions taken into consideration in preparing the proposed budget is in section II of this note.
(f) From 1 April 1997, the Director-General of UNOG delegated authority to UNITAR for procurement below $25,000.
The representatives of Benin and Lebanon made statements.
The estimate also provides for other welfare activities, such as purchase of recreational and sports equipment, purchase of newspapers, periodicals and magazines and purchase of welfare audio/video ($289,200).
(c) A scientific conference on the topic "The experience of people's democracy and customary law in Turkmenistan's State and social structure";
The current location of the fourth accused is unknown.
Statement VII. Appropriations for the 1996–1997 biennium at 31 December 1997
The British Government is currently looking closely at the activities of private military companies operating from the United Kingdom.
The requests range from tracing property derived from drug trafficking, locating witnesses, taking evidence and, in some instances, providing evidence before courts of requesting States.
(l) Priority must be given to the ratification and the effective and accelerated enforcement of existing conventions and instruments on human rights, on trafficking of persons and on slavery and slavery-like practices;
30. Fewer cases of ill-treatment by prison guards were reported to MICIVIH from June to September, in contrast to the sharp increase noted during the first five months of the year.
Upon instructions from my Government, I have the honour to refer to the letter dated 26 February 1998 addressed to you by the Greek Cypriot representative at the United Nations (A/52/808-S/1998/173), which contains unfounded allegations regarding cultural property in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
9. The members of the Working Party requested the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to ensure that the amendments set out in the annex to this summary be incorporated into the revised draft of the proposed programme narrative. Annex III
Unutilized resources of $77,602 were due to the lower than estimated requirements for kitchen utensils, packaging supplies and other general stores.
The achievements of the Mine Action Programme thus far in 1998 include clearance of 23 square kilometres of mined areas, clearance of 25 square kilometres of land contaminated by unexploded ordnance, a survey of 57.5 square kilometres of mine- and unexploded ordnance-contaminated land and provision of mine awareness training to almost 500,000 Afghans.
The pressure test may be performed as a hydraulic test or by using another liquid or gas with the agreement of the competent authority or its authorized body.
40. By its resolution 50/222 of 11 April 1996, the General Assembly approved new arrangements for contingent-owned equipment effective 1 July 1996.
Work will initially focus on Bangladesh, Guatemala, Lebanon, the Philippines and Uganda.
34. The Special Mission also engaged in other activities.
134. The many stakeholders in intercountry operational activities – recipient Governments, donors, United Nations organizations, including regional commissions, and intergovernmental organizations at the regional and subregional level – hold a range of views on the nature of the future of regional and subregional cooperation.
In a further exchange of letters between the Secretary-General and the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Croatia, dated 16 January 1998 and 3 February 1998, respectively, Croatia agreed that, with immediate effect, the Support Group should be included in the definition of the United Nations forces and operations in Croatia in the status-of-forces agreement of 15 May 1995.
– The Hebrew language studies focus on Israeli history, poetry and literature, Hebrew legends and the Zionist movement with a view to enhancing the Jewish image in the minds of students, justifying Israel’s aggressive and expansionist policy and glorifying and vindicating the occupation of Arab territory through aggression and armed force.
96. Information consists mainly of public documents issued by the Tribunal or concerning it: the Statute, Rules of Procedure and Evidence, the Directive on the Assignment of Defence Counsel, the provisional Rules governing the detention of persons awaiting trial or appeal before the Tribunal, the Code of Ethics for lawyers appearing before the Tribunal, indictments, motions, orders, decisions and so forth.
55. For debate: Many rural and urban neighbourhoods are becoming more age-segregated because of migration and age-segregated urban design.
As was pointed out in the previous report, this opening towards participation by traditionally marginalized sectors of the population is a promising feature of the peace process in Guatemala.
The Assembly also decided on the appointment of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic as a member of the Committee, with immediate effect, to fill the vacancy left by the German Democratic Republic.
O. United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees
(c) Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations: programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.13 (A/C.5/53/35 and A/C.5/53/SR.45)
Republic of Macedonia 12 December 1994a 12 March 1995
The report of the Secretary-General of 15 July 1998 (A/C.5/52/56), which covers the period from 1 April to 30 June 1998, indicated that a total of 14 new type II gratis personnel had started their service during that period (8 in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and 6 at the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia), and that 85 such personnel had concluded their assignment during the same period.
Research should focus on the development dimension of investment, including issues related to increases in national income, transfer of production technology and skills, balance-of-payments considerations and indigenous industries.
In addition, important commitments, due to have been fulfilled during the second phase of the timetable ending in December 1997, had to be rescheduled for the third phase.
In accordance with rule 62 of the rules of procedure, the representatives of the State party were present at the meetings and replied to questions raised and comments made by members of the Committee.
This paved the way towards the achievement of a common ground and the building up of a consensus on the subject.
Course of lectures on "Professional diplomacy; diplomatic procedure and institutions" by Dr. Vernon L. B. Mendis, UNESCO Representative to Egypt and Sudan, March/April 1988.
(b) rule 4, paragraph 2 of the draft rules of procedure, which provides that, at each ordinary session, the COP shall decide on the date and duration of the next ordinary session and that the COP should endeavour not to hold such sessions at a time which would make the attendance of a significant number of delegations difficult;
C. Balance of payments constraint and the debt burden
vi) making agreements on information exchange, partnerships and scientific cooperation
38. In addition, property losses amounting to $11,310,271 due to damages (total loss by vehicle accident, fire, storm and other causes) and shortages (including inventory discrepancy, loss and theft) were written off in accordance with financial rule 110.15 during the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1997 as reported by the Headquarters Property Survey Board and identified below:
(b) To assess climate risk in the context of various dimensions of society and begin the formulation of long-term strategies that integrate preparedness and risk management into development strategies;
The Committee recommends that relevant legislation be reviewed in order to ensure that there is no arbitrary discrimination against aliens, which is incompatible with the provisions of articles 2 (1) and 26 of the Covenant.
Statements were also made by the representatives of Azerbaijan, Chairman of the Group of Eastern European States for the month of October, and Belarus.
– Developing accurate workload measures specific to the full range of work undertaken;
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.18
(d) Recognition of the need for Member States to participate in the budgetary preparation from its early stages and throughout the process.
6. Prevention of racial discrimination, including early warning and urgent action procedures.
145. At the 44th meeting, on 28 July, the Council adopted draft resolution III, entitled “Mid-term review of the system-wide medium-term plan for the advancement of women, including the status of women in the Secretariat”, recommended by the Commission on the Status of Women (E/1998/27, chap. I, sect. B).
Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations
1991-1995 Rapporteur for the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights for the drafting of a legal instrument on the rights of indigenous people; produced legal instrument in 1995 for the consideration of OAS members and indigenous peoples.
linkages among networks using consultation with criteria developed Consortium members
(b) In operative paragraph 15, the words, in square brackets, "and the amount of _ dollars for the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi" were deleted after the words "support account for peacekeeping operations".
Action on sub-item (c) was taken at the 15th and 42nd meetings, on 16 October and 1 December 1998.
UNFPA may also provide support for training courses and seminars for population librarians and information specialists.
They also take fully into account the common accounting standards for the United Nations system, as adopted by the Administrative Committee on Coordination.
Had the United States accepted the compensation proposal offered by Cuba at the time, all the claims would already have been paid.
We call upon India unconditionally to sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons.
Project start—up: as of contract signature
Several countries in Asia, Europe and Latin America have indicated that they are reviewing the possibility of increasing their contributions to UNDCP.
Measures should be taken, in accordance with articles 3 and 26 of the Covenant, to eliminate discrimination against them and promote their role in society.
Letter dated 27 June 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Iraq to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/165-S/1998/601)
During the review, the team was informed that since the national communication had been submitted, a vulnerability study of the country had been prepared according to which climate change is expected to increase food production and reduce consumption of energy for heating.
The estimate provides for cleaning materials and related supplies at an average cost of $5,000 per month and, based on recent actual expenditure, reflects a decrease from the provision of $8,300 per month in the prior period.
“The Arab population of the occupied territory of the Golan are suffering from harsh conditions owing to Israel’s scant concern for their health situation and its obstruction of local initiatives to improve that situation.
(c) To promote Governments’ ownership and active leadership in programme formulation and implementation;
II. United Nations programmes in the Democratic Republic of the Congo
206. On 7 October, the American Under-Secretary of State for Economic, Business and Agricultural Affairs told reporters in Jerusalem that while the Israeli economy had benefited extensively from the Oslo Accords, when large markets, especially in Asia, had been opened to it, the areas under PA control had grown more isolated, mainly because of repeated Israeli closures.
The SBSTA may also provide advice, within its mandate, on aspects of the communications relating to the development and transfer of technology (see paragraphs 21-23 below).
United Nations Industrial Development Organization
The Parties should cooperate to promote a supportive and open international economic system that would lead to sustainable economic growth and development in all Parties, particularly developing country Parties, thus enabling them better to address the problems of climate change.
(c) Telephone, telex and pouch charges at a rate of $12,200 per month ($141,500);
11. In the event that the Conference of the Parties decides to terminate a fund established pursuant to the present rules, it shall so advise the Secretary-General of the United Nations at least six months before the date of termination so decided.
The Committee stresses that all reported acts of violence against women should be investigated and appropriate judicial proceedings instituted.
(c) Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors
(h) To cooperate closely with the Special Rapporteur of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities on traditional practices affecting the health of women and children, and to respond to her inquiries;
368. The Committee thanks the Government of Mexico for its oral report, as well as its replies to the Committee’s questions and its representative’s statement, translated into both French and English.
One expert informed the meeting that the Thai Government had held a trilateral conference with the Japanese Ministry of International Trade and Industry and the United States Environmental Protection Agency at which all parties agreed to urge companies operating in Thailand, but based either in Japan or the United States, to adopt phase-out schedules for their Thai operations similar to those in their home countries.
This would limit the activities of private security and military assistance companies strictly to providing technical and professional advisory services in accordance with the relevant legal norms.
Global Mechanism Special Account. The COP is expected to cover the costs of the GM's administrative and operating budget related to its normal activities.
(c) Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters;
It will be operationalized by a multi-stakeholder advisory panel comprising government departments, private-sector and NGO representatives, and technical experts from relevant national and international bodies.
Appendix III - Permanent Inter-state Committee for Drought Control in the Sahel (CILSS)
Similarly, attention should be given to incorporating the Convention in school curricula, as recommended by the General Assembly in proclaiming the United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education, and by the 1993 World Conference on Human Rights.
The idea behind the experiment was to limit the harmful effects of abuse, both on society and on the individual drug addict.
11. No former staff member in receipt of a pension benefit may be re-employed at a level higher than that at which he or she separated from the Organization. He or she may not be remunerated at a level higher than that at which regular staff members are remunerated for the same function at the same duty station.
United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees
(e) Missions to Latin America and the Caribbean to assist their processes to implement the Convention: Haiti (August) and the Dominican Republic (September); to evaluate respective national action programmes and assess Secretariat support requirements: Argentina and Honduras (October); and Round Table with donors: Bolivia (October).
The Committee, which had to postpone its review of the budget estimates, expressed its concern at the waste of resources involved in the preparation and submission of a budget that had already been overtaken by events.
The first of these involves the steady intensification of the processes of interdependence and globalization, the phenomenally rapid development and introduction of the latest technologies, communication systems and computer networks and the acceleration on an unprecedented scale of information and capital flows that "erode" national boundaries.
Guidelines for Internal Control Standards
29. A United Nations special rapporteur on youth rights should be appointed by United Nations Secretary-General before the end of 1999 based on nominations through regional consultations of NGOs to be made by August 1999.
(e) Letter dated 29 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/448–S/1998/907).
What tools do developing-country exporters need to make full use of the available information?
Ethiopia has indeed declared war on Eritrea and I am sure that the Ethiopian Government will argue that it can derogate from the human rights provisions in the Constitution and penal code in the name of national security.
This appears to be the most significant factor underlying many violations of Covenant rights in Iraq, both in law and in practice.
Several delegations called for the enhancement of early warning capabilities.
(f) The United Nations financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis of accounting and have not been adjusted to reflect the effects of changing prices for goods and services;
If any senior official (for example a head of State, head of Government or minister for foreign affairs), acting in his official capacity, violates international law, his acts must in the first instance be regarded as acts of the State itself, providing grounds for holding the State responsible under international law.
The expert meeting recalled that, despite the rapid progress in information technology, customs transit continues to be largely based on procedures involving the transmission of paper documents.
29. Second, both FDI per capita and FDI as a share of GDP are very small, and in many cases FDI is declining in these countries.
At 1345 and 1415 hours Israeli forces in the occupied area fired artillery shells at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr.
o A large number of requisitions were raised for goods and services that were not essential or urgently needed.
Q. World Intellectual Property Organization
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Other reviews would be conducted "on paper" at the site of the secretariat; this would involve interaction with the Party concerned by telephone or by electronic means.
The flow of developing country students moving to other countries to study appears to be decreasing, since several developing countries have established medical and para-medical schools to meet national demand.
Convinced that a multilateral, universal and binding agreement prohibiting the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons would contribute to the elimination of the nuclear threat and to the climate for negotiations leading to the ultimate elimination of nuclear weapons, thereby strengthening international peace and security,
32. The International Academy of Architecture has been promoting the right to adequate housing through the organization of workshops and seminars.
The dispossession of the Palestinian people has now passed the half-century mark. Of the two States envisaged under General Assembly resolution 181 (II) of 29 November 1947, only the Jewish State has come into being, while the Palestinian people still yearns for the establishment of its own State on its national soil.
Apportionment: $1,540,500; expenditure: $1,185,100; variance: $355,400
2. The present report is chiefly a response to the request set out in the General Assembly resolution quoted above, and it takes account of the pertinent elements of the relevant Commission on Human Rights resolution.
Meeting of Experts on Government and Private
A proposal to this effect was conveyed to the Indian High Commissioner in Islamabad.
194. The Committee notes with concern the failure to disseminate and publicize the Convention at various levels of Panamanian society.
It showed that appropriate trade and industrial policies were needed in order to remove some of the supply-side constraints.
Note 2. Summary of significant accounting policies
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of the United States, Japan, the Republic of Korea, Rwanda, Thailand and China.
Support for technical cooperation in statistics and statistical data processing
13. Considerable attention was given to the marginalization of countries and groups of people within countries and to the issues of asymmetry and inequity.
In this context, a few options were examined such as a greater participation in current WTO negotiations on professional services and active participation in the Uruguay Round WTO negotiations due to start in the year 2000, with a view to improving country schedules of commitments.
It was noted that the United Nations global conferences had defined the relationship between economic growth and sustainable development, which was also reflected in the medium-term plan and the Agenda for Development.
There will be informal consultations on the General Assembly draft resolution on the implementation of the outcome of the World Social Summit on Thursday, 30 October 1997, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room E.
20. After processing the procurement action to rent nine 48/55-seater heavy-duty buses (minimum total seating capacity of 432) to transport the Mission’s staff and the service contractor’s personnel, the Mission entered into a contract with a vendor in March 1996, at the rate of $7,800 per bus per month.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.71
It is now time to re-examine States’ self-imposed limitations to full compliance with all the principles in the Convention by the entry of reservations.
97. The Committee takes note of the considerable improvement in the general standard of living which has been recorded in recent years.
The first related to the request for the conversion of six positions funded under general temporary assistance to established posts.
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full;
In view of the results of my consultations, I would like to recommend to my successor to the post of President of the General Assembly to continue to consult during the fifty-third regular session of the General Assembly as requested in resolution 51/242.
However, despite repeated assurances about imminent release and interventions at the highest levels, the staff member remains incarcerated.
In addition, it provided financing for SELA technical assistance activities.
- This Authority controls all public and private beaches throughout Jamaica;
This is the capacity that has made it possible to found States, because their functions are indispensable for individuals to enjoy their rights.
Use of mercenaries as a means of violating human rights and impeding the exercise of the right of peoples to self-determination
9. The United Nations Office for Project Services began implementing projects for other United Nations organizations in 1996, with 14 projects for five United Nations agencies.
In this respect, all UNDG partner agencies are adhering to the Secretary-General’s directive to move towards common premises and the establishment of United Nations Houses.
It also adds an item on the possible modalities of receiving, segregating and disbursing resources made available to the Global Mechanism for its functioning and activities from bilateral and multilateral sources through the host organization and other organizations.
6.6.4 Specific requirements for large packagings
These acts are in complete disregard of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and the relevant decisions of the Organization on the question of Cyprus.
Change packing group (column (c1)) from “II” to “I”.
Immediately following the meeting, the first action in the context of the new network was taken when the Board of Directors of Galatasaray University in Istanbul, Turkey, formally decided to offer a course on tolerance and UNESCO and to organize a congress on journalists and tolerance in the region.
A collaborative effort by WFP, the Cambodian Mine Action Centre and UNICEF is intended to maintain minefield markings through the work of identified vulnerable families.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 153.
Special assistance for the economic recovery and reconstruction of the Democratic Republic of the Congo
Conscious of the commitment of both the Government of Anguilla and the administering Power to a new and closer policy of dialogue and partnership through the Country Policy Plan for 1993–1997,
34. Expiration: Except as may otherwise be agreed by the parties by a written amendment to this Agreement, this Agreement shall apply until expiration on 31 December 2007, unless it is terminated sooner in accordance with the terms of the Agreement.
He concluded that the technically complex ATS problem, with its potential for future expansion into developing countries, needed a global response and strong international commitment.
Having met in Vienna from 26 to 28 November 1997 in the first part of the Symposium, the Ministers of Industry from least developed countries,
(d) vertically downwards: twice the MPGM (total loading including the effect of gravity) multiplied by the acceleration due to gravity (g)*/.
In the former socialist countries, which had previously attracted hardly any foreigners intending to stay for a more or less extended period of time, the changed situation has generated the new, previously unknown problem of the adaptation of refugees and migrants to local conditions and the local population's perception of them.
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/586);
A statement in explanation of vote, before the vote, was made by the representative of the United States.
The effectiveness of technology transfer in the Asian region was often circumscribed by the capacity of beneficiary States to manage it at the county level.
As proposed by Secretary-General in A/52/837
Some laws provide for the protection of witnesses, as well as the use of undercover agents in related investigations and the use of controlled delivery.
6. Thirdly, the number of UNCTAD meetings has been cut by virtually 50 per cent, and the duration of the meetings has been reduced.
The Plan of Action provides a comprehensive framework for translating into action the strategic directions highlighted in the ministerial Declaration on the Strengthening of Economic Cooperation in Europe.
The Ngozi office will also cover Kirundo, Kayanza and Muyinga, while the Gitega office will cover Cankuzo, Karuzi and Gitega.
(b) Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa: report of the Second Committee (Part III) (A/52/629/Add.2)
This had been emphasized at the UNCTAD Ad Hoc Working Group on the Role of Enterprises in Development at its session in July 1995 (see TD/B/42(1)/17).
Pending the final report of the Board on its fifteenth executive session, the secretariat will circulate a synoptic record of the proceedings of the session.
In 1997, the amount of money actually spent in the education sector was below the target set in the Peace Agreements, even though the budget for the sector had been significantly increased.
The estimate reflects worldwide third-party liability insurance premiums applicable to the Middle East effective 1 June 1996, as indicated in annex II.A.
3. The Sessional Group agreed that the question was decisive and could not be agreed at this stage.
“(b) United Nations Institute for Training and Research”
Based on an expectation that this number will increase, it is estimated that 130 Parties will be eligible for support from this Fund in 1998 and 135 in 1999.
12. The main result of the session must be agreement on the final text of a protocol or another legal instrument.
96. On 19 February, hundreds of Palestinian students demonstrated in support of Saddam Hussein and the Iraqi people in Dura, south of Hebron.
A typical assessment is expected to take six months.
At its thirty-ninth session, the Commission had before it a progress report on the preparation of final responses to its requests at its reconvened thirty-eighth session (E/CN.7/1996/15).
24. During 1998-1999, similar activities as described above will continue.
The representative of Tunisia also spoke.
Significantly, the reciprocity between government support and private sector performance entailed a faster rate of capital accumulation and growth.
Based on their 1998 meeting schedule, it is estimated that some 135 meetings could be accommodated during that yearly peak period.
(n) In the effort to improve the human resources of East Timor, the Norwegian Government, through the Bishop Belo Educational Foundation, has allocated 70 per cent of its scholarships to students of the University of East Timor and the Santo Thomas Aquinas Guterres Institute for Pastoral Studies.
Thirdly, only those acts of individuals which are recognized as crimes by the international community as a whole or in part are regarded as crimes against international law.
This Protocol contains indicators on the limitation and reduction of greenhouse gas emissions which are genuinely feasible for Parties and which are developed on the principles of the common but differentiated responsibilities of States and ecologically sustainable development,
2. The table annexed to the present report shows the dates on which information called for under Article 73 e of the Charter was transmitted to the Secretary-General in respect of the years from 1996 to 1998.
128. Over the past year, the Mine Action Unit has been expanding its database on personnel, equipment suppliers, contractors and non-governmental organizations in order to establish a comprehensive network of professional and technical capabilities to support mine-action programmes.
61. Invariably, the lesson most frequently learned after natural disasters and environmental emergencies is that the United Nations should strengthen its efforts to promote disaster preparedness at the country and regional levels.
to the Secretary-General "General Assembly resolution 52/52 is the main political resolution on the Palestinian issue, and it was adopted by an overwhelming majority (155-2-3), a reflection of the strong convictions of the international community with regard to the content of the resolution.
(d) Welcomes the accession by Turkmenistan to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and its 1967 Protocol, and invites the countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States to intensify their efforts to accede to relevant international instruments and to give legislative and administrative effect to them;
Preliminary results of the 1997 UNDCP survey indicate that the area under opium cultivation is by and large at the same level as in 1996, while the corresponding yield has increased by approximately 25 per cent to 2,800 tonnes of opium.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/804 and A/52/806 and Add.1) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/860/Add.6).
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion on section 31.
Memory upgrade components Switching device
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 82.
9. The list of documents before the Committee at the second part of its thirty-eighth session is set out in annex II.
(iii) Financial statements should include clear and concise disclosure of all significant accounting policies which have been used;
Between 0150 and 0540 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 120-mm and 81-mm shells at areas around the Litani river, the environs of Qa`qa`iyat al-Jisr and the abandoned Lebanese Army barracks in Nabatiyah from their positions at Zafatah and Beaufort Castle.
National execution will be pursued, taking into consideration cost-effectiveness and national capacities and, above all, to ensure sustainability.
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.25 and L.39
27. All speakers welcomed Mr. Kensaku Hogen as head of the Department of Public Information and pointed to the fact that his appointment at the level of Under-Secretary-General signified the importance attached to placing the information and communications function at the heart of the strategic management of the Organization and to developing a culture of communication.
According to the estimates of the Environment Agency of Luxembourg, in 1996 up to 60 per cent of gasoline and up to 67 per cent of diesel fuel were exported (these numbers in 1990 were 61 and 75 per cent, respectively).
As from 2 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
After shelling the village intensively for several hours, Israeli motorized divisions stormed Hanin and killed the inhabitants with axes, looting and setting fire to their homes.
Add a new paragraph 6.5.1.4.4 as follows:
18. In both the bilateral and multilateral negotiations which began in Madrid, Israel has sought to protect its continuing control over this resource in the West Bank, which was described by Israel’s State Comptroller in February 1993 as the principal reservoir of drinking water for the Dan region, Tel Aviv, Jerusalem and Beersheba, and the most important long-term source in the national water system.14
These are also effective mechanisms through which to disseminate valuable information on ways to improve the health, legal rights, sanitation and other relevant concerns of the poor.
No one should have any doubt that our Service's practical experience and traditions will ensure reliable protection of the national interests of the Russian Federation and effective monitoring of compliance with the obligations assumed in the area of verifying the non-proliferation of weapons of mass destruction and the means for their delivery. ANNEX III
30. In the Republic of Korea, government-business consultations have also been used to solicit businesses' views on such matters as markets, regulations and potential plans and to include them as a critical policy component.
94. In many African countries reporting increased trafficking and transit of heroin and cocaine, law enforcement structures are still at a basic level and profiling techniques are not yet in use.
Cross-cutting themes, such as finance, trade, science and technology and human resource development as well as human rights, gender, children and governance, shape the orientation of nationally determined priorities supported through operational activities for development.
Both sides reaffirmed their commitment to the development of beneficial regional cooperation in the framework of the Black Sea Economic Cooperation (BSEC).
But domestic supply of essential commodities had not kept pace with the fast growth of demand.
Japan has a system with similar effects, as tariffs for certain meat products, for example, are defined as the difference between the import price and a certain standard price or a multiple thereof.
F. Organization of scientific and technological cooperation which includes:35
2. In-depth evaluation of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme
“(ix) Enforce the law equitably by ensuring all legal safeguards provided for in universally recognized human rights standards for the Arab population of the occupied territories and the prompt, thorough and impartial administration of justice, with penalties for both Israelis and Arabs commensurate with the gravity of offences committed;
Apportionment: $275,000; expenditure: $260,500; variance: $14,500
The WTO telecommunications agreement opens the way to a multilateral framework for freer trade, market opening and competition.
Furthermore, specific assistance is being provided on a regular basis for the training of kindergarten teachers from that Territory.
A significant amount of authority has been delegated to regional FAO offices.
Staffing requirements for the conference servicing contingency
Based on recent experience, no separate provision is required for linen and laundry services and laundry and grooming services for contingent personnel.
Not reflected in that instruction are the relevant provisions contained in the following issuances:
The UNDCP project on precursor control in south-east Asia was successfully completed in April 1996.
Statement I. Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances
Successful rehabilitation efforts require a mix of activities – some are quick-starting actions that relief staff familiar with the local situation are well placed to carry out, while others are longer-term actions that need to evolve smoothly into development efforts.
The audit also disclosed that the absence of allotments or similar authorizations for trust funds and UNDP-financed projects permitted charges to be made to unfunded, non-existent projects and related overexpenditures.
61. UNDP encourages participation of NGOs from programme countries on a widespread basis through project execution and other cooperative mechanisms.
(h) Preparation of manuals and information material on participatory social assessment techniques;
It has been advanced that the concept of race is scientifically false and cannot be legally defined in contrast to the terms “colour”, “descent”, “national or ethnic origin” which are frequently used in international instruments.
Written comments made pursuant to decision 10/4 were received from Australia, Switzerland, the European Union, and the Group of 77 and China.
Human rights questions: comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
A thematic approach, bringing out the relevance of the entire United Nations system to peoples’ daily lives, has replaced the descriptive accounts of deliberations in various bodies in publications such as Basic Facts.
The Agency’s four vocational and technical training centres provided a variety of programmes for 2,030 trainees.
It was also noted that departures from programmed commitments were not always fully justified in the report.
9. On 28 and 29 July 1998, the Secretary-General of the United Nations convened a high-level meeting of regional organizations (including OIC) with which the United Nations has cooperated in preventive diplomacy, peacemaking and peacekeeping.
Between 2220 and 2230 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Nabatiyah and Tyre areas at high altitude.
95. No provision is made under this heading.
Accordingly, the resources allocated for the elimination of illicit crops under the programme for west and central Asia during the biennium 1998-1999 amount to $13.2 million, as compared with total expenditures in 1996-1997 of some $6.5 million.
– In the second sentence of subparagraph (a), insert “as official documents” between “distributed” and “to non-members”.
The representative of Luxembourg corrected the title of the draft resolution.
The annual reports of the resident coordinators could be used more fully as a monitoring tool and to disseminate best practices.
Article 19 first states that an international crime is an act by a State constituting a breach of international law; secondly, that this violation is directed at the fundamental interests of the international community; thirdly, that it is regarded as particularly serious, as a crime, by the international community as a whole.
The rehabilitation of the road network in the suburbs of Beirut was completed.
Heptafluoropropane (Refrigerant gas R 227)
76. It is now recognized that there are important issues at stake in the immediate post-conflict situation, which are not traditionally part of either relief or development, but which must be addressed in any comprehensive recovery programme.
Moreover, non-discretionary and semi-automatic instruments will be less susceptible to corruption and evasion.
4. Experts recognized that voluntary standards, including the ISO 14001 standard, can have implications for trade, particularly for developing country exports.
(g) Appointment of members of the Committee on Conferences;
El Salvador, Israel, Panama, Swaziland, Turkmenistan, Ukraine and the United States joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Activities financed from this Fund include the production of CC:INFO information products, the convening of two workshops on methodological issues related to AIJ, the development and production of a CC:INFO/Web tutorial kit (designed to assist Parties in the creation of national Web sites on implementation of the Convention), the organization of a CC:INFO/Web workshop, and the provision of staff support to the CAR, FTC and I+P programmes.
The Federal Government points out that terrorism is an evil in Europe and the world and that it is dangerous to apply double standards to it.
In particular, the Committee had before it, albeit in draft form, reports by the administrations on action taken or proposed for implementation of the recommendations of the Board (A/53/335 and Add.1).
The Party concerned shall designate another representative who shall be entitled to represent the Party in the session and to exercise the right to vote.
In Colombia, in order to make fruit exports cheaper, local packaging firms emerged - which in turn stimulated the development of local design agencies.
A few years ago, the courts would grant NIS 80,000 for the loss of an eye; today the sum had increased to NIS 280,000.
The list of offences over which the International Tribunal has jurisdiction includes grave breaches of the Geneva Conventions of 1949 (art. 2), violations of the laws or customs of war (art. 3), genocide (art. 4), and crimes against humanity (art. 5).
Provision of $913,500 is made for the annual rotation of 203 military observers at a cost of $4,500 per person, inclusive of the 100 kilograms of accompanied baggage entitlement;
21. The scope and dimension of the issue requires a global response from the United Nations system through various means of action:
This recommended draft decision supersedes that contained in document FCCC/SBI/1997/16, annex V.
(c) To ensure that the Committee on Science and Technology and the global mechanism have access to the information and data necessary to carry out their mandates;
The IDF spokesman stated that the Palestinians were suspected of belonging to “terrorist” organizations and that they had been transferred to the GSS for questioning.
5. Concurs with the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions that the Board should continue to monitor closely the evolution of the actuarial valuation of the Fund and that no attempt should be made to reduce the present rate of contributions to the Fund or change any other features unless and until a pattern of surpluses emerges in future valuations;
76. Confirmation or reversal of conviction and sentence should be entrusted to the Nigerian Court of Appeal instead of the President of the Provisional Ruling Council and an appeal to the Supreme Court of Nigeria should be provided.
No provision is made under this heading, since the budget of the support account for peacekeeping operations will be presented separately to the General Assembly.
12. Let us have no doubt as to what the Geneva Conventions permit and what they prohibit.
7. While the extent of delegation is intricately tied to the development of effective accountability mechanisms, improving accountability in the Organization requires strengthening the vertical chain of dialogue and reviews both up and down the line of management.
Only two Parties (AUT, FIN) provided three of the four tables.
6. At its 21st meeting, on 17 November, the Committee adopted, without a vote, draft resolutions A and B contained in paragraph 48 of the report of the Committee on Information (see para. 8).
Ministerial decisions involve orders to comply and monetary penalties which may not exceed 5 per cent of the turnover of enterprises or 1 million FF in the case of individuals.
The United Kingdom has a regulatory regime for non-EC nationals that allows the issuance of work permits to licensed professionals, administrative and executive staff, highly qualified technicians with specialized experience, key workers with expert knowledge, and hospital auxiliary occupations.
A number of instruments and mechanisms are already being applied with a view to (a) improving the design of training activities (through staff training and peer reviews); (b) ensuring a systematic analysis and processing of the evaluation of participants; (c) implementing selected institutional impact evaluation exercises by major programmes every year; and (d) activating tracer mechanisms to monitor the work of former participants upon return to their institutions.
This project has provided cash resources and food-for-work to build up new civilian economic activities in different sectors.
This was done in accordance with Security Council resolution 1142 (1997) of 4 December 1997, by which the Council extended the mandate of UNPREDEP for a final period until 31 August 1998, with the withdrawal of the military component immediately thereafter.
It was recommended that the Organization refrain from further modifying the system until the current newly revised system has been fully implemented for a reasonable period of time.
33. An expert meeting on the environmental management of urban and rural areas was held in conjunction with the World Health Organization (WHO), the Organization of Arab Cities and the technical secretariat of the Council of Arab Housing and Reconstruction Ministers.
A support programme has also been developed for SMEs whereby training is provided to reduce consultancy costs with additional grants for consultancy and certification.
Delegations welcomed the resumption of a more active dialogue between UNDP and UNCTAD on this matter.
The Board decided to recommend to the General Assembly an amendment to the Regulations to provide for a surviving spouse's benefit in respect of marriages after separation.
Poland is the main supplier from Eastern Europe.
The results of this review are contained in Annex IV of the support budget document.
As of 1 September 1998, Mr. Cochetel was still held captive despite interventions at the highest levels of Government.
The de6 October 1997signations employed do not imply the expression
1323. The Committee encourages the State party to pay particular attention to the full implementation of article 4 of the Convention and to ensure appropriate distribution of resources at all levels.
All resolutions, recommendations and other formal decisions of the Sub—Commission shall be made available in the official languages.
(c) Provide incentives to Member States to participate in the reporting system;
Other sites are claimed by private Palestinian owners.
Decrease of one helicopter from the fleet.
He visited sites of internally displaced persons as well as detention centres.
In this regard, consultations between the Bureau of the Council and the Bureaux of the Second and Third Committees took place to discuss the coordinated consideration of the report.
The representative of Yemen introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document.
Given the heterogeneous nature of information on policies and measures, it also serves to enhance transparency.
Within the framework of the overall EU policy on climate change, Ireland launched a national CO2 abatement strategy in June 1993.
Drug trafficking in central Europe is reported to be operated by numerous organized crime groups, many of which have links in the Russian Federation or Turkey.
24. For comparison purposes, approved resources provided for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 amounting to $7,967,700 gross ($7,413,300 net), excluding the amount of $308,000 for the support account for peacekeeping operations, are shown in column 1.
In addition to the Sub-Group’s efforts in this area, UNFPA
(b) The code "50" designating a large rigid packaging or “51” for flexible large packagings, followed by the material type in accordance with 6.5.1.4.1(b);
51. On 18 May 1998, the United States and the European Union announced that they had reached an understanding on the standards to be applied for the protection of investments. This agreement is designed to facilitate cooperation to block transactions in any property which supposedly has been nationalized in contravention of international law.
The Secretary-General should be requested to present, in the context of the eleventh progress report on IMIS, detailed information on the implementation of the expert recommendations.
It will be assisted in this task by the Working Party, which will meet for this purpose immediately prior to the Board.
It is the duty of democratically elected organs and institutions to efficiently protect, by all available means, the sovereignty, independence and integrity of the country, to defend its dignity, and at this time above all to resolutely put an end to every form of separatism and terrorism.
Such relief would ease the balance of payments constraint and could induce increased private investment and growth.
III. Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
The Staff Cafe and Cafeteria will be open during that period.
In the area of environmental sanitation, a total of 82 village water and environmental sanitation committees were established to address issues related to improved practices in the areas of water, hygiene and sanitation, and management of the water projects.
TD/B/COM.1/EM.1/2 International trade in health services: difficulties and opportunities for developing countries
Rule 4 (Notification of opening date of sessions)
17. The revised estimates of income and expenditure are shown in table 2A, below which replaces table 2 of the original budget.
To facilitate staff movement within United Nations agencies, there should be agreement for proper release and return for both the secretariat and the participating agency.”
Legislation in a number of countries was still not suited to combating the problem and assistance in developing relevant legislation was required from UNDCP and other organizations and countries with experience in that area.
In application of the agricultural safeguard clause, the US tariff specifies additional duties so that imports above the tariff quotas are subject to progressively higher tariff rates the lower the actual export price.
88. As far as more specific questions are concerned, the Special Rapporteur wishes to make the following comments and recommendations.
Greater uniformity in the aviation practices and procedures of those agencies and the Organization would also assist vendors who are frequently confused by sometimes conflicting procurement procedures used by the various bodies.
“(d) Notes with concern the very irregular payment pattern by Member States and the consequences this might have on the Organization’s ability to meet its commitments;
3. Indicates that it has commenced considering suggestions for the agenda of the World Conference and ideas the World Conference may take into consideration in any declaration and programme of action which it may decide to adopt;
Although the evaluation found some impact on the development of strategic capacities at the national level, the overall cost-effectiveness of United Nations system support to capacity-building was judged as not having been established.
25. Several journalists are also reported to be detained.
Increased attention has been devoted to matters of immediate concern to the United Nations, and the policy contents and relevance of the University studies has been enhanced.
In all cases, the participants demonstrated a high level of competence and a great deal of interest.
35. At its 400th meeting, on 25 August 1997, the Committee considered an oral report on the matter.
At 1025 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the North, the Bekaa and the South at high altitude.
(c) Substantial discrepancies between unencumbered balances declared in the budget performance reports and those in the financial statements resulted in the overstatement of amounts returned to Member States by $19.7 million in respect of three missions, while in the case of eight missions the amounts were understated by $28 million.
Some examples of policies or strategies mentioned are sustainable development goals in the areas of forestry and land-use, energy policies, transport policies, and trade balance issues in traditional and non-traditional goods.
The Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development adopted agreed conclusions at its first session which contained a number of elements for the future work of the Commission.
For example, in UNIFIL the local salary survey led to an increase of 61.8 per cent in salaries because Beirut was used as the basis for the collection of data even though all local mission personnel are recruited from the area of operation and virtually none from Beirut.
Held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, from 8 to 10 September 1997
The pursuit of liberalization in the name of globalization not only with respect to capital flows and trade, but also in terms of privatizing social policies, was putting increasing strains on social solidarity.
43. The environment within which trade efficiency and ASYCUDA have to operate to fulfil this mission is complex.
Opposition was voiced to the latter proposal.
(g) Establishing and sharing common databases in the networks to increase the availability, quality and accessibility of basic research inputs;
The estimate provides for 75 flight-hours per month for the AN-26 aircraft and is based on an average fuel usage of 1,127.4 litres per hour at an average cost of $0.55 per litre of jet fuel ($279,000).
A typical list of the issues in virtually all BITs include the following:
2. Paragraph 1 of this rule shall likewise apply in case the Conference of the Parties deletes an existing rule of procedure or adopts a new rule of procedure.
ANALYSING THE IMPACT OF THE URUGUAY ROUND AGREEMENTS ON DEVELOPMENT
Every people has the inalienable right to know the truth about past events and about the circumstances and reasons which led, through systematic, gross violations of human rights, to the perpetration of heinous crimes.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/52/SR.62, 63, 68 and 68/Add.1).
and renumber the subsequent subparagraphs accordingly.
71. The Meeting approved the 1999 budget for the Tribunal (SPLOS/WP.5), the establishment of a Working Capital Fund and additional appropriations to cover overexpenditures in the 1996–1997 budgetary period (see para. 45 above).
The Working Group completed the second reading of the draft declaration and agreed upon a text (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1993/29, annex 1).
The Court refused to allow the Bedouin to set up tin shacks on the site and refrained from deciding whether their eviction two weeks earlier was legal.
The Government is fully aware of the injustice of these arrests, as was demonstrated when President Kabila himself visited the opposition leader Etienne Tshisekedi at his place of enforced residence, a few days before the report of the Secretary-General’s Team, for the purpose of arriving at a political agreement, which the prisoner did not accept. (Annex 8)
In its resolution 44/141 of 15 December 1989, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General, in his capacity as Chairman of the Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC), to coordinate at the inter-agency level the development of a United Nations system-wide action plan on drug abuse control aimed at the full implementation of all existing mandates and subsequent decisions of intergovernmental bodies throughout the United Nations system.
European countries are rightly concerned by the possibility that the Kosovo crisis, if left unresolved, will continue to compel civilians to flee to neighbouring countries and further on, to Western Europe.
The structure of the report is based on that of agreed conclusions.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
87. Committee against Torture, twentieth session [General Assembly resolution 39/46 A]
(f) The development of a performance awards or bonuses system should not be a substitute for fair and adequate compensation that ensures competitive conditions of service, nor should it be a replacement for promotion and career development opportunities;
To assist in the proper implementation of age-appropriate status determination procedures and the identification of durable solutions, UNHCR also issued guidelines in 1997 on policies and procedures in dealing with unaccompanied children seeking asylum.
This fall, the Department is holding its fourth four-week Palestinian Media Practitioners Training Programme at Headquarters.
Therefore, the decision taken by the Organization to harmonize the locally employed civilians employment status with existing United Nations rules is seen as appropriate.
Insecurity in northern Afghanistan, especially Mazar-I-Sharif and parts of Kunduz province, has not allowed the United Nations to resume activities there.
In line with the expedited procedures approved by the Governing Council, the Commission did not require Governments to submit all of the original documentation.
We in the Department of Public Information can do no less.
Both UNESCO and the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights have been working since then, by means of various activities, to disseminate a culture of human rights and hence of tolerance.
10. UNFPA included in its financial statements details of expenditure incurred on its behalf by executing agencies, which include United Nations agencies, Governments and NGOs.
In the Middle East, projects were formulated and implemented for Turkey and Lebanon, a demand-reduction forum for Arab countries was held in the United Arab Emirates, and a subregional expert forum for north Africa, postponed from 1995, was held in Tunisia in 1996.
Today, much more so than in the past, global affairs are shaped not only by Governments but also by other influential actors, such as non-governmental organizations, media, think-tanks, foundations, educational institutions and the business community.
(new) Insert the following new paragraph 1.43: (after existing paragraph 1.41 which has been renumbered 1.42):
Of the plant-based drugs, the illicit consumption of cannabis products is most widespread.
(c) the results of the impact test in 6.6.4.14.1,when applicable.
Letter dated 6 May 1998 from Mr. Aytuğ Plümer
In cooperation with other components of the United Nations system, OHCHR is focusing on the protection of the human rights of IDPs, and the facilitation of their return and reintegration in conditions of safety and dignity.
C. Draft declaration on the basic principles and criteria for the work of the
324. Measures aimed at protecting a particular sea area from shipping activities cannot be taken unilaterally in areas beyond the territorial sea.
Climate change training programme – phase II
In 1995, opium seizures in those countries amounted to 126.6 and 109.4 tonnes, respectively, and heroin seizures to 2.1 and 10.7 tonnes.
Moreover, given the security situation, many sensitive areas are rarely, if ever, visited.
The President of the Board said that the international drug-control system had evolved with the common understanding that free and unrestricted availability of narcotic drugs to people for non-medical purposes led to widespread abuse with serious public health consequences.
Coordinating organizations for theme groups and standing committees met separately to construct 1998 work plans which were presented, reviewed and approved by the CMT.
60. IFAD has continued to provide financial support to the specialized agencies of LAS.
8. The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 18 of the report that one Field Service post for an Air Operations Manager is being proposed for the Movement Control/Air Operations Unit, in order to implement the recommendation of the Office of Internal Oversight Services that measures be taken to strengthen the capability of the Organization to assess the viability and suitability of a vendor, including safety records and compliance with international safety regulations.
30. Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force (D.140).
The Civil Administration spokesman, Lt. Peter Lerner, stated that the owners of the houses had ignored previous notices asking them to destroy the structures.
Mention was made of the importance of the media in disseminating information.
Much of this was related to the major conferences, where the process of preparing for and following up the meetings implied a somewhat different pattern of parliamentary services than could have been predicted when the budgets were put together.
Hundreds of residents of Druze villages in the Golan Heights gathered on the Israeli side of the border to see the students off and convey greetings to relatives on the Syrian side.
The agreement reached brings basic telecommunications into the framework of the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS).
4. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations: report of the Fifth Committee * [114].
Peace-related issues in Liberia and the former Soviet Union were investigated during the year.
Furthermore, sitting astride the centre of the Eurasian land mass, it provides a land bridge between Asia and Europe.
Assistance to countries with economies in transition in Central and Eastern Europe has been affected, as have activities on the impact of using low grade fuels on human health and the environment and activities on integrated water management.
56. When the Administration eventually succeeded in securing competitive bids for a contract for the combined three missions, further reductions in the average monthly cost were achieved.
20. Statements XXVII in part one and VII in part two present financial results of UNIKOM.
Adaptive technologies for the reduction of climate related impacts in natural ecosystems may include most of those already under consideration under the Biodiversity Convention, thereby eliminating the need for a significant effort by the secretariat of the UNFCCC.
As a result, the existing database needs to be further developed to accommodate increased information-handling requirements.
In terms of overall human development, the 1996 Human Development Report3 places the majority of African countries at the lower end of the scale.
That figure makes no provision for the restoration of cuts made in previous years or for the cost of termination indemnities.
Turkish, Iranian, German, Israeli, British, French and Japanese companies, and representatives of a further 10 or so States, have today established their spheres of activity in our territory.
The task of building local capacity to promote economic recovery is therefore urgent.
10. General and complete disarmament: report of the First Committee (A/52/600) [71].
(ii) Allocation of tasks and establishment of a Committee of the Whole
(d) International migration and development, including the convening of a United Nations conference on interna-tional migration and development
In return for the Government’s commitment, UNDP would support and promote a revitalized dialogue between business and government.
Trust Fund for Electoral Assistance to Haiti
Communications must raise an issue concerning the application of the Covenant.
Hernández was arrested by National Civil Police officers and taken to the local police substation, but he managed to escape.
The latter were likely to achieve fairer results than those achieved during the previous three years of negotiations on services.
We agreed to continue this process with a view to gradually creating the conditions for the establishment of a free-trade zone compatible with the international commitments of our countries.
The Declaration reaffirms the commitment of States in the Americas to the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space.
We strongly believe that the Organization is a most valuable and irreplaceable instrument of international politics and an indispensable platform for addressing the most pressing global issues.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 47/236 of 14 September 1993, decided that the costs of the Force for the period from 16 June 1993 that were not covered by voluntary contributions should be treated as expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations.
∙ Country programme in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia
Paragraph 118 of A Partnership for Growth and Development requests the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to consult with non-governmental actors, and to report to the Trade and Development Board with recommendations to enhance further their participation in UNCTAD's work.
1. The establishment of consensus-based national electoral commissions;
of Turkey to the United Nations addressed to the
The diskettes will be distributed directly to partners and can be downloaded from the Habitat II follow-up World Wide Web site on the Internet.
The United States also used images acquired from the United States civil Landsat and the French SPOT remote sensing satellites for updating the maps of the conflict region.17
Figure II shows the trends of reported abuse in Africa, by drug type, between 1992 and 1995.
159. Observer status for the Association of Caribbean States in the General Assembly (P.161).
31. The Board recommends that reconciliation of all long outstanding inter-office vouchers be completed as early as possible and that the Administration adhere to the system of monthly reconciliation of inter-office vouchers in consultation with United Nations Headquarters.
7. The Board also asks the enlarged Bureau to consider the future method of work of the Board in conducting its annual review of progress in the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s with a view to facilitating an in-depth discussion of this item in the light of the priorities established by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development at its ninth session.
An account of the discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (E/1998/SR.22, 23, 26, 27, 33, 44 and 47).
15. Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara (item 125).
116. The Committee noted with appreciation the summary of the symposium and the scientific and technical presentations made during the thirty-fifth session of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee (A/AC.105/699).
Demilitarization of Cyprus has never been on the agenda of the United Nations as a subject to be discussed and agreed to during the negotiating process but rather as an ultimate objective to be taken up by the parties after an overall settlement.
In November 1998 police arrested three men in connection with the crime, and according to the confession made by one of them, they had dismembered the nine-year-old boy and burned his body parts.
These are cases Nos. 611/1995 (H. Morrison v. Jamaica), 640/1995 (McIntosh v. Jamaica), 735/1997 (Kalaba v. Hungary).
For 83 per cent of the total 1990 GHG emissions the highest confidence level was reported.
Available references which would provide indications of this situation are the diversification and concentration indexes published in table 4.5 of the UNCTAD Handbook.UNCTAD Handbook of International Trade and Development Statistics 1995.
121. The General Assembly has addressed the subject of post-conflict peace-building in its resolutions 47/120, 51/240 and 51/242.
Braga Youth Action Plan, adopted at the Third World Youth Forum of the United Nations System; held from 2 to 7 August 1998, at
Barbados, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cyprus, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, France, Haiti, Israel, Mexico, Mozambique, Nicaragua, Panama, Paraguay, United Republic of Tanzania, Venezuela.
27. In some cases effective prevention is actually impeded by the traditional focus on external threats to a State’s security.
9. The Advisory Committee was informed that, as at 21 September 1998, outstanding assessments amounted to $70.2 million.
(d) Approved estimates of net expenditure total-ling $27,490,200 at an exchange rate of US$ 1 = AS 12.90 for the purpose of the operational budget for the biennium 1998-1999 to be financed from voluntary contributions and such other income as might be provided for in the financial regulations;
5. Requests the Secretary-General to continue his work on the development and maintenance of the central repository established pursuant to Economic and Social Council resolution 1996/27 of 24 July 1996;
- Special Voluntary Fund to assist developing countries to participate
Of these, 76 were known to operate internationally and 38 had their base on the African continent.
“Bearing in mind that the use of nuclear weapons poses the most serious threat to mankind and to the survival of civilization,
The role of government in the development of health services was underlined.
While the amount of the fund was determined based on data provided by the contractor itself, the Insurance Section agreed that Blue Cross would not be obliged to return the unspent portion of the above amount to the United Nations after determining that United Nations hospital claims were no longer receivable.
Finally, it should lead to greater complementarity between the roles and activities of different agencies.
Review of the draft resolutions adopted by the First Committee at the fifty-second session of the General Assembly
The ties established between foreign students and the hospitals where they undergo their studies or training may become an important element later in patient referrals to such institutions from the students' home countries.
As you are aware, last year your Deputy Special Representative in Cyprus, Mr. Gustave Feissel, convened two meetings between Mr. Denktash and myself with an open agenda but without, unfortunately, this effort yielding any result.
46. In addition, UNCTAD will continue to study the question of debt sustainability, which is a major problem facing many African countries.
(b) To the Government of Uruguay, in its follow-up, as pro tempore secretariat, of the recommendations of the Third Space Conference of the Americas;
(a) The General Assembly had not made use of the total compensation results presented by the ICSC secretariat in the past;
Safeguards must be introduced against any abuse for purposes of impunity of rules pertaining to prescription, amnesty, right to asylum, refusal to extradite, absence of in absentia procedure, due obedience, repentance, the jurisdiction of military courts and the irremovability of judges.
It was only after the creation of the two aviation units that a more thorough review of proposals occurred.
The Unit installs and maintains vehicle-mounted radios on which operational and safety communications depend.
(e) The value and content of intercultural education in providing persons belonging to minorities with adequate opportunities to gain knowledge of the society as a whole (art. 4.4) and in fostering reciprocal understanding and tolerance among all groups.
The Government of Sweden has approved phase II of the operations so that similar assistance to vulnerable farmers may continue for the 1998/99 planting season.
After having considered this item, and taking into account views expressed, the SBI urged all Parties to submit their views on this item no later than 25 August 1997.
b See OECD, Indicators of Tariff and Non-Tariff Trade Barriers, Paris, 1996, and its corresponding CD-ROM, produced jointly by OECD and UNCTAD.
At the most recent 1990 evaluation of mortality in those survivors, nearly 50 per cent of those exposed in 1945 were still alive.
The unutilized amount of $11,000 reflects actual requirements being lower than originally estimated.
For example, the World Bank uses mainly two types of loans.
In many countries, the Governments preferred to have State-controlled and State-funded cooperatives as a tool or an extension of public administration.
During the period under review, meetings were held during the fifty-first and fifty-second sessions of the General Assembly between the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Secretary-General of AALCC.
Data banks containing information on selected training institutes are also generally supported.
The representative of Luxembourg introduced and orally revised the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed as well as the Marshall Islands.
16. These efforts are complemented by a primary education programme, also supported by UNICEF, which aimed at contributing to the curricular transformation being carried out by the Ministry of Education, through the inclusion of issues related to constructing peace, as well as nurturing ethical and moral values.
62. The growing popularity of drugs such as methamphetamine, ecstasy and other amphetamine-type stimulants in western Europe, North America and in some countries of eastern Europe and east and south-east Asia is of particular concern.
Of the three main sources, five Parties reported increasing fugitive fuel emissions, three Parties increases from agriculture and eight Parties increases from waste.
973. The Committee is concerned at the lack of harmonization between the legal age for the end of compulsory education, which is 10, and the minimum legal age for employment, which is 15.
28. The requirements and appropriate categories of goods and services for the duration of proposed systems contracts should be identified in advance through improved procurement planning in the Organization.
139. Under agenda items 8 and 14 (a), the Council adopted resolutions 1998/2, 1998/9 to 1998/12 and 1998/48 and decision 1998/224.
X. Voluntary and trust fund contributions
2. To congratulate the European Parliament for having adopted a resolution on the subject that will help ensure the stability of international peace and security, which are among the purposes contained in the Charter of the United Nations;
15. In May 1997 the fiftieth World Health Assembly adopted resolution WHA50.31 on the International Decade of the World's Indigenous People, in which it recognized with satisfaction the progress made in implementing the PAHO “Initiative on the Health of Indigenous People of the Americas” and noted with appreciation the activities of the focal point for the Decade.
The United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM) provides training assistance and counselling for women to start and develop their own business (also in other regions of the country).
Between 0800 and 0850 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft flew at high altitude over the areas of East Sidon and Iqlim al-Tuffah.
1. In accordance with the provisions of the Convention, the Committee on Science and Technology (hereinafter referred to as "the Committee") is a subsidiary body of the Conference of the Parties.
The United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, from its inception, has recognized that non-governmental organizations have an important and constructive role in furthering the purpose and principles of UNCTAD and in contributing to and supporting the institution's work.
(b) The Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific for co-sponsoring the United Nations/Centre for Space Science and Technology Education in Asia and the Pacific Workshop on Emerging Trends in Satellite Meteorology: Technology and Applications, held at Ahmedabad, India, from 9 to 12 March 1998;
The prosecutor ordered their detention for further investigation.
3. Like the Security Council, the Government of Monaco calls for unconditional compliance with all humanitarian obligations arising under current international law, in particular the Geneva Conventions of 1949, the Additional Protocols of 1977 and the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
An example of such dissemination is in the links that have developed with the National Science Foundation in the United States, the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, the National Centre for Software Technology of India and the Hong Kong-based Committee for Asian Women.
This transition into specialized, brand name or niche products and vertical diversification could therefore allow producers to have a bigger say in the commodity chain and attain higher revenues, as well as price and revenue stability.
698. It is also a matter of concern to the Committee that some issues relating to the system of juvenile justice were not fully addressed, including on the compatibility of the juvenile justice system with the principles and provisions of the Convention, especially in relation to the protection afforded to children aged 16 to 18 years and the detention of children with adults.
Pentafluoroethane, 1,1,1-trifluoroethane, and 1,1,1,2-tetrafluoroethane azeotropic mixture with approximately 44% pentafluoroethane
Also, the title deeds should be obtained and kept at headquarters to confirm UNRWA ownership of these assets (para. 25).
Includes entitlement to 100 kg of accompanied baggage.
Effective institutional partnership between the Government and the business community and sound macroeconomic policies encouraged investment.
(f) Twelfth Conference of Heads of State or Government of the Non-Aligned Countries, Durban, South Africa, 29 August–3 September 1998.
101. Workers also face serious risks in performing certain jobs which they are forced to accept because of the difficult economic situation.
The promise of Midrand must now be translated into everyday matters to ensure a lasting reinvigoration and rejuvenation of UNCTAD.
7. Provisional agenda for the forty-second session of the Commission and future work.
18. Iraq and Kuwait entered into agreements with the United Nations on the status of the Mission on 20 May 1991 and 20 June 1991, respectively.
Several experts noted that both FDI and official development assistance (ODA) could be effective in facilitating transfer of technology in general.
Regarding tariff barriers, a number of products of export interest to developing countries remain subject to peak rates and tariff escalation in various markets (see box on peak tariffs).
In selecting the NGOs with which it cooperates, IFAD has made a major attempt to work with NGOs from the South.
65. Structural adjustment programmes impose a heavy burden on workers and their families and on other vulnerable groups such as women, children, the unemployed, the jobless and the handicapped.
At the country level, a MicroStart project will provide micro-capital grants (up to $1 Million of UNDP funds per country) to 5-10 local organizations and a technical services component (US$500,000 per country).
(b) Appointment of members of the Committee on Contributions;
2. At its thirty-fifth session, the General Assembly, in resolution 35/201 of 16 December 1980, expressed its satisfaction with the work of the Committee, approved its report and the recommendations of its Ad Hoc Working Group, Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirty-fifth Session, Supplement No. 21 (A/35/21), annex, sect. V. reaffirmed the mandate given to the Committee in its resolution 34/182, and decided to increase the membership of the Committee from 66 to 67.
Report of the Secretary-General on progress in the implementation of the World Declaration and Plan of Action from the World Summit for Children (A/53/186) (A/53/610, para. 13, draft resolution II)
Report of the Expert Meeting on Trade and Investment Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, Particularly the ISO 14000 Series, on Developing Countries1
Open for signature until 31 October 1998, in accordance with article 6 (1)
For example, through its Trust Funds and special programmes (e.g. UNCDF, UNIFEM, UNSO, UNV, Capacity 21, GEF, Montreal Protocol Unit, etc), UNDP's non-core resources have grown tremendously over the past decades, such that they now constitute nearly one half of UNDP's total programming resources.
(c) Implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II)
21. Committee for the United Nations Population Award [General Assembly resolution 36/201]
For example, The Bureau of the Commission on Sustainable Development has decided to organize a series of dialogues with major stakeholders at the Commission's next session, in April 1997.
Another delegation, speaking on behalf of a large group, suggested that the Task Force consider that the role of United Nations information centres should be more focused on the issues relevant to individual countries, that they should have sufficient resources to carry out their main tasks and that they should be integrated where appropriate and beneficial.
The revised budget amounts to $34,334,400 gross ($32,963,900 net), including budgeted voluntary contributions in kind amounting to $1,999,900, consisting of $4,653,400 gross ($4,433,800 net) for UNSMIH, $10,410,300 gross ($10,033,600 net) for UNTMIH and $19,270,700 gross ($18,496,500 net) for MIPONUH.
In New York at the United Nations Secretariat, underwent a course of practical training in the Office of Legal Affairs, August/September 1972.
Policy coherence implies the creation of a favourable overall policy framework for the development of all enterprises and entrepreneurship.
Apportionment: $17,905,800; expenditure: $17,368,900; variance: $536,900
Education grant entitlements applicable in cases where educational expenses are incurred in the currencies below
II. Decision on the annual theme of the forty-ninth session of the Executive Committee.
Between 0030 and 0445 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Bra`shit and Haddatha from their positions at Zafatah and Bayt Yahun.
The meeting will give all delegations the opportunity to be among the original co-sponsors of the draft resolution. It is
The Conference report recognized that “gender-based violence and all forms of sexual harassment and exploitation, including those resulting from cultural prejudice, are incompatible with the dignity and worth of the human person and must be eliminated”12 and stressed the importance of working towards the eradication of harmful traditional or customary practices, and urged Governments to take effective measures to combat, inter alia, female infanticide.13
4.2.4.2.2 For substances of Classes 3 to 9, the portable tank instructions (T1 - T34) indicate the applicable minimum test pressure, the minimum shell thickness (in reference steel), bottom opening requirements and pressure relief requirements.
Resources made available and operating costs for the period from inception to 30 June 1998, as at 31 January 1998
5. The Secretary-General of the United Nations attended the Eighth OIC Summit, which was held at Tehran from 9 to 11 December 1997.
(i) Facilitate discussion of relevant issues in the governing bodies of multilateral financial institutions;
23. Joint research leading to co-publication is one such flexible mechanism.
Annex II Statement by the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information at the opening of the twentieth session of
5. On 25 September 1998, Mr. de Soto met Foreign Minister U Ohn Gyaw at United Nations Headquarters in New York.
and Resolution of Armed Conflict in Central Africa
II. Implementation, codification and progressive development of international law
90. The penetration of the Internet will continue to depend upon the extension of the underlying communication infrastructure.
9 E-1 Development Plan and Environment 1998; E-1 analysis, presented in “E-1 settlement expansion plans – preempting the growth of Arab Jerusalem”, a special report of the Foundation for Middle East Peace (Washington, D.C., winter 1998).
45. The recommendations of the Forum will be submitted to the appropriate policy-making bodies in CARICOM, including the Conference of Heads of Government.
“51st Annual Department of Public Information/NGO Conference: the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights”, booklet released in August
Latvia, Lithuania and the United States of America to the
Its Chairman pledged to investigate all instances of human rights violations brought to its attention, including those mentioned in the two memoranda.
There is a need in international drug control for internationally accepted standards, methodological knowledge and tested and effective model approaches, all of which would contribute to make national and international drug control efforts more efficient and effective.
Lubricating oil change, 500 twice yearly at $15 per oil change
The United States did, however, support change in the Committee’s membership.
The third session of the Colloquium on the Codification and Progressive Development of International Law (General Assembly resolution 51/160) will be held today, 29 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 2. Announcement
It is headed by a Director and consists of five Political Affairs Officers and two Military Mission Officers.
In the first quarter on 1998, concern about the state of public finance and the fiscal performance remained and was translated in continued pressure on the Lebanese pound.
537. The Committee is of the view that insufficient measures have been adopted to promote widespread awareness of the principles and provisions of the Convention among adults and children alike, particularly those belonging to indigenous populations.
This satellite, together with the satellite channels currently rented, constitute China’s national network of broadcasting, television, telephone and satellite communication, ushering the country’s telecommunication industry and its application into a period of modern construction.
(a) Physical or mental injury, including pain, suffering and emotional shocks;
30. The Security Council should finalize its provisional rules of procedure.
This equipment includes batteries, electric drills and various hand tools.
2. By the same resolution, the Assembly decided to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Cooperation between the United Nations and the Inter-Parliamentary Union”, and requested the Secretary-General to submit a further report to the Assembly at that session on various aspects of cooperation between the two organizations in implementation of the cooperation agreement concluded by them in 1996 (see A/51/402, annex).
(f) To promote and enhance the dissemination of public sector information systems, including new techniques and modalities to improve the performance of public administration and the delivery of public services.
At 1745 hours an explosive charge was detonated in the Bard al-Ayn locality between Mayfadun and Mazra`at al-Hamra and Ahmad Ali Safa was badly injured.
193. The General Provisions for the Adoption, Designation and Substitution of Archipelagic Sea Lanes provide guidance for the preparation, consideration and adoption of proposals for the adoption, designation and substitution of archipelagic sea lanes.
PROMOTE AND CONSOLIDATE NEW OR RESTORED DEMOCRACIES
9. The cost of the prototype is estimated at $305,000 for a six-month time-frame (see para. 36).
The mission remained in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 17 to 26 October 1998 and included representatives of the Office of the High Commissioner.
36. Four recurrent activities come under this heading:
The General Assembly may also wish to call on the United Nations system to provide periodic progress reports, based on monitoring and evaluation, which will provide comprehensive information to the Council and the Assembly in the context of the next triennial review on the accomplishment of the targets set in the Platform for Action.
He further noted that in recent years the land-locked and transit developing countries had taken concrete steps to reorient their policies towards greater commercialization of transit transport operations and services to improve efficiency.
The International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO was also represented at the session.
In view of the already existing high frequency relay operation and, following consideration of all political, geographical and operational aspects, UNIFIL emerged as a suitable place.
The boys were then ordered to lie on the floor of the vehicle and were subjected to a series of beatings and humiliations.
For Palestinians with local residency, including UNRWA staff, travel between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip, or entry into Israel from either of those areas, continued to be subject to a permit system imposed by the Israeli authorities.
The General Assembly took note of the letter from the Secretary-General contained in document A/52/731.
If a complementary pattern is found, identification is accomplished.
The revised cost estimate reflects additional requirements for the increase in the United Nations vehicle establishment from 880 to 959 vehicles, the phased repatriation of contingent-owned vehicles and the retention of 236 contingent-owned vehicles for the military task force.
8. The Commission convenes two expert meetings on the following items and at the following dates:
The theme of the Decade is “indigenous people: partnership in action.”
Although the decision to use the material supplied, in spite of its not conforming to the requisitioned specifications, was justified under the circumstances explained by the management, OIOS noted that payments were finally made after a “quality deduction” of only $84,000, as against a possible total deduction of at least $264,000 on account of poor contractual performance of the vendor.
26. A special project involving an international survey on young people’s perceptions of violence on the screen was carried out in 1996 and 1997 as a joint research project by the World Organization of the Scout Movement and the University of Utrecht.
Under the new special measures, heads of departments and offices will develop action plans with specific targets to achieve the goal of gender balance in their departments, including posts at the D-1 level and above.
At the 1st meeting, on 28 July, the Chairman noted that, at its third session in December, the COP would hold deliberations on the future work of the AG13.
The deployment of the main body of military observers was completed by mid-August.
Through the Instrument for the Establishment of the Restructured GEF, the following purposes were pursued:
If that amount is excluded, the projected income is estimated to be $14.94 million, or approximately $2 million over the earlier estimate.
16. As a result, no standardized policy in risk retention and management had been developed across the Organization.
ending 31 December 1997 . 91 Schedule 5.3 United Nations General Fund: assessed contributions
41. On the average, a steady increase since 1989 may be observed in seizures of acetic anhydride, a key chemical used in illicit heroin manufacture.
9. The present report provides updated information on the status of the UNTAC special account, revised requirements on the financing of UNTAC, taking into account outstanding claims from Governments for goods supplied and services rendered to UNTAC, in particular for contingent-owned equipment.
(y) Letter dated 29 July 1998 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Singapore to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Economic and Social Council (E/1998/95);
Detailed design for the coastal defence project, now called the Beach camp shore protection project, began in November 1997 and was planned to be concluded in September 1998.
(a) Determining the economic and social framework
Where progress is being made it should be acknowledged publicly.
By its resolution 976 (1995), the Council decided to authorize the establishment of a peacekeeping operation, UNAVEM III, with an initial mandate of six months until 8 August 1995.
(d) Specific proposals on the programmatic objectives and direction of the Development Account, in accordance with the priorities set out in the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001 (A/51/6/Rev.1), taking into consideration the complementarity of the activities of the Development Account with other relevant sections of the programme budget.
Statements were made by the representative of Papua New Guinea and the Secretary of the Committee.
This is, if you like, an issue of social equality.
In that context it was suggested that “good practices” would be a more appropriate wording than “best practices”.
- The complex nature of the enterprise development process, which addresses the multiplicity and interaction of factors that underpin the growth and competitiveness of enterprises at both domestic and international levels, and which underlines the need for an integrated approach, encompassing inter alia supportive policies and instruments, innovation, inter-firm cooperation, government-business dialogue and the mobilization of financial resources, notably for SMEs;
(b) Alteration and renovation of premises
820 people drawn from among young fishermen, farmers and agriculture students
(i) Campaign to save the homes of Palestine, compiled for the LAW Conference, Fifty Years of Human Rights Violations, 7 June 1998;
A New Europe in the Changing Global System;
In its consideration of the topic under review, the working group made the following observations:
The increase of 20 posts, consisting of 10 posts that are to be converted from international posts to local, 21 additional posts (one driver for the Deputy Head of Mission, 6 posts in the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer, one Finance post, one post in Personnel, 2 posts in Communications, 5 posts in transport, one post in Electronic Data Processing and 4 Security Service posts), offset by a reduction of 11 posts in the Office of the Chief Military Observer;
69. In September 1997, UNHCR fielded a protection and repatriation mission for 1,626 refugees from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who were residing in Juba.
There were suggestions that the first review should take place 10 to 20 years after the conclusion of the present reform exercise.
3. As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General on the financing of MINURSO (A/52/730/Add.3), the resource requirements for the maintenance of the Mission during the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 were originally estimated at $65.0 million (gross) or a monthly rate of $5.4 million (gross).
Schedule 5. Ageing of contributions receivable at 31 December 1997
To carry out a broad strategy of advocacy and collaborative action, he has started to build partnerships with entities from within and outside the United Nations.
41. Investments Committee [General Assembly resolution 284 (III)]
Cases of abuse should be properly investigated, sanctions applied to perpetrators and publicity given to the decisions taken in those cases.
The centres at Islamabad and Maseru translated the poster of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (DPI/1900) into Urdu and Sesotho, respectively.
The United Nations Drug Control Programme, for instance, which has long worked with the Vienna NGO Committee on Narcotic Drugs and the New York NGO Committee on Narcotics and Substance Abuse, recently assisted Asian NGOs to form a similar Committee in Bangkok.
The 233rd meeting of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People will be held on Friday, 28 November 1997, at 10.30 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
10. United Nations agencies quickly realized, however, that the Operation Lifeline Sudan forward staging base in Lokichokio was too small to support the heavy-cargo aircraft required to mount a full-scale operation into southern Sudan.
(f) In operative paragraph 6 (former paragraph 5), the words “freely undertaken” were deleted before the word “obligations”;
This includes information on both licit and illicit movements of substances frequently used in illicit drug manufacture as well as on the controls and the competent authorities that apply them.
(Based on the average of the United Nations operational rates of exchange)
During the period since the adoption of the resolution, trafficking in women and girls has been the focus of attention within several forums of the United Nations, as well as regionally and nationally.
These measures considerably improved control over non-expendable property;
Following the adoption by the General Assembly of resolution 2758 (XXVI), entitled “Restoration of the lawful rights of the People’s Republic of China in the United Nations”, on 25 October 1971, that amount was transferred to a special account pursuant to General Assembly resolution 3049 C (XXVII) of 19 December 1972.
The projects had been well managed, but monitoring and backstopping services provided by UNDCP could be further improved.
The SBI considered this item at its 2nd and 4th meetings, on 21 and 27 October respectively.
K. From humanitarian response to political action
The scope and number of the working groups would depend upon the matter/s to be considered.
A similar strategy had been pursued in Latin America with little success but, with the growing importance of integrated international production as a corporate strategy, it may warrant a second look.
Some noted that SMEs were not certifying according to ISO 14001 because of perceived savings and lower costs, but rather as a response to pressure from customers, in particular, large companies.
“10. Urges the Director-General of the World Health Organization to continue to provide, in collaboration with the United Nations Children’s Fund and other concerned United Nations agencies and programmes and other relevant international organizations such as International Centre for Diarrhoeal Diseases Research and the International Vaccine Institute, technical expertise and support to endemic countries;
In addition, some countries have lifted reservations to the Convention on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women.
Ms. Graça Machel, former Minister of Education of Mozambique, was appointed the expert of the Secretary-General, charged with the task of undertaking the study with the special support of the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) and the United Nations Centre for Human Rights.
As of April 1998, the Ombudsmen had 7,300 pending cases, of which 2,250 were lodged in the first four months of 1998 alone.
The view was also expressed that the impact of savings measures seemed to have been concentrated in some budget sections.
This points, in the view of the Advisory Committee, to a lack of uniformity in presentation of budget documents.
This has been attributed to the incomplete historical database and related programming deficiencies of the System.
A public awareness-raising campaign for gender equality should be organized by the National Machinery targeting both women and men.
(a) Promoting orderly, economical, efficient and effective operations and quality products and services consistent with the organization’s mission;
As shown in annex II.C to the present report, the revised vehicle establishment of MONUA calls for a total of 959 vehicles, consisting of 816 road vehicles and 143 stationary (trailer) vehicles.
The 45-year-old Katamesh had been held in administrative detention since 1 September 1992.
199. The Committee is concerned that 53 per cent of the female population is illiterate, the majority of these being indigenous women.
They should not only be impartial, but should also appear to be so.
A meeting on a plan of action on ageing in Asia and the Pacific will be held in Macau from 28 September to 1 October 1998.
I will therefore confine myself to reminding all concerned that in the process of realizing its age-old dream of Enosis (union of Cyprus with Greece), it has been the Greek Cypriot side that has systematically tried to eradicate the Turkish-Muslim heritage of Cyprus, in particular during the 1963-1974 period when mosques, shrines and other places of Muslim worship in Turkish Cypriot villages across the island were destroyed.
33. The committee should be expected to draw up an annual report on the state of science and technology for submission to the General Assembly.
As never before at a major United Nations conference, local authorities, non-governmental organizations and the private sector participated in the deliberations of Habitat II and its two Committees.
86. Most countries responding to the annual reports questionnaires stated that they did not have an articulated treatment policy.
RESUMED TENTH EMERGENCY SPECIAL SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY
Actual expenditures of $3,600 were limited to the cost of spare parts and ink cartridges for photocopiers.
Item 5: Progress report on the work of the secretariat task force on publications policy
Payable to or on behalf of retired and deceased participants
All such cross-references are given in italics and the reader is directed to the relevant paragraph in the negotiating text.
Companies in developed countries should establish a supportive cooperation with their suppliers in developing countries in the area of EMS implementation.
46. Studies and analysis of the gap separating the rich from the poor countries have become commonplace and simply reading the data is very often of no interest, becoming a statistical repetition of a fact ostensibly already well known.
239. The Committee was of the view that the Programme should give adequate attention to all mandated activities, inter alia, to the activities included as priorities in the medium-term plan.
Detailed views of those organizations on this issue, along with those of the United Nations Legal Counsel, were annexed to the Commission’s annual report.10
At a UNDCP/INCB workshop for precursor control, held at Delhi in August 1996, representatives of 13 countries in south and south-west Asia and the central Asian republics reviewed measures to prevent the diversion of precursors and considered ways to set up control and cooperation mechanisms and procedures at the regional level.
83. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced programme 15 and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.
The High Commissioner for Human Rights was requested to report to the chairpersons on the matter (A/52/507, para. 51).
(t) Emphasizes the duty of asylum seekers and refugees to comply with the laws and regulations of the country in which they find themselves;
There is also a large population of refugees and displaced persons, including women and children.
At 1815 hours an Israeli forces and client militia patrol entered the town of Arnun and proceeded to arrest Ali Ahmad Ghazzal, age 45.
244. Committee for Development Planning - Working Group I [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1079 (XXXIX) and 1625 (LI)]
The programme adjustment was more pronounced in 1997, when the programme of work had to be revised to conform with the reform of the subprogrammes which were reduced in number from nine to five.
and of the President of the TDB 12 half-day meetings
Seventy-eight Members of Parliament – all from the NLD – have been jailed since the election and two (U Tin Maung Win and U Hla Than) have died in prison.
12. The Secretary-General should like to observe that, in 1995, the Procurement Division had abolished its old supplier roster and was in the process of requesting purged suppliers to reapply and simultaneously inviting new applicants to apply, as recommended by the High-level Group of Experts on Procurement.
Accordingly, the Procedural Order issued for that Claim requested that the Government of Kuwait comment on certain statements made within the Claim and file any documents relevant to the Claim with the Commission.
The cooperative sector has been recognized in the Constitution as independent.
At its fifty-third session, the General Assembly will need to fill the vacancies that will arise upon the expiry of the terms of office of Mr. Bierma, Mr. Chaparro Ruiz, Mr. Francis, Mr. Molteni, Mr. Ould El Ghaouth and Mr. Sirry.
The Committee further notes with concern that the supervision of places of detention, by virtue of the Law of the Procurator's Office, is under the competence of the Procurator's Office, and that there exists no independent mechanism competent to receive and investigate complaints by detainees.
UNDCP will therefore continue through its network of field offices both to draw on the direct experience of outposted technical advisers in policy development and provide direct advisory services to Governments.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR INTERGOVERNMENTAL MEETINGS
288. The Committee appreciates the importance attached by the State party to improving the status and situation of women and the positive role this can play in contributing to the measures required to address the problems facing children in general and the girl child in particular.
There will be a joint Second and Third Committee informal panel-format briefing (DESA/UNCTAD/UNDP) on “Poverty Eradication and Related Social and Economic Issues” on Friday, 24 October 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 2.
4.Are there a number of core issues which are dealt with in the same way in most BITs, and if so, why?
Telephones and airtime will be leased at a discount to individual Grameen Bank borrowers, who in turn will offer a telephone service to villagers who cannot afford ongoing telephone subscriptions.
All data indicate a diversification of cocaine processing and manufacturing in the Andean region.
The Special Rapporteur’s earlier reports contain specific references to situations such as those just described and, even though the evidence pointed to the existence of mercenary activities, legal deficiencies and gaps made it difficult to characterize the act and the person committing it correctly.
(b) A workshop and publication on the potential uses of commercial satellite imagery for promoting peace and development in the Middle East in collaboration with the Cooperative Monitoring Center (United States of America);
Provision has been made for the payment of mission subsistence allowance at a rate of $120 per day for 30 days in respect of the rotation of 46 civilian police ($165,600) and at $90 per day for 82,820 person/days ($7,453,800).
In fisheries, FAO and the OAU Scientific, Technical and Research Commission strengthened their cooperation through their participation in each other’s technical meetings.
It also calls for interim steps to reduce the nuclear threat, such as those recommended by the Canberra Commission.
(b) Reports on joint, subregional and regional action programmes
These alternative arrangements shall offer a level of safety not less than that given by the requirements of this Chapter with respect to the compatibility with substances transported and the ability of the portable tank to withstand impact, loading and fire conditions.
The official may appeal to the appropriate administrative court.
While it welcomes the submission by the Syrian Arab Republic of its initial report and written answers to its list of issues (CRC/C/Q/SYR.1), the Committee regrets the lack of information provided on the implementation of the principles and provisions of the Convention in practice, preventing it from obtaining a more detailed picture of the situation of children within the country.
(b) Special economic assistance to individual countries and regions:
Subject to rule 31, subsidiary bodies shall not take votes.
The focal points are selected on a rotating basis from among the senior field representatives of the United Nations agencies in each operational area in the country.
That amount would then be appropriated, but its utilization would be subject to individual legislative mandates and approval by the General Assembly as and when it approved or renewed such mandates.
(ii) "Technical cooperation activities" includes the same financial results as are reflected in statement VIII;
The situation of democracy and human rights in Haiti
Advisory missions to assist on policy issues relating to trade facilitation and electronic commerce (18 work-months consultancy at $10,000 per month and 6 work-months of temporary assistance at $4,000 per month to support consultants providing expertise to trade points on the setting up and marketing of electronic commerce services for the travel expenses of their small and medium enterprise clients) (in support of activity (c) under para. 23).
Taking into account the increase in the profound interest and concern of many Member States in the work of the Committee,
(iv) Future negotiations in agriculture should take into account the interest of developing countries, particularly LDCs and net food-importing developing countries.
Sub-Saharan Africa and the least developed countries, for example, have the highest ratios of external debt to GNP and of external debt to exports.
Monitoring of housing conditions and providing assistance in the effective utilization of the State reporting scheme;
Moreover, a relatively higher percentage of families qualified for assistance because young male family members were continuing full-time education as an alternative to unemployment, or were not medically fit to earn a living owing to injuries received during the intifada.
Any signatory or Party to this Protocol not included in Annex I may, at any time, notify the Depositary that it has opted to be bound by this Article.
(e) Consultancies in 1996 (E/CN.7/1997/CRP.16);
It would also provide other policy and operational guidance as appropriate.
Upon enquiry as to how costs relating to the electoral process would be met, the Committee was informed that cost estimates for the electoral process would be submitted to the Assembly as a revised budget.
In African communities where oil is extracted, conflict has often arisen over local complaints that the community does not adequately reap the benefit of such resources, or suffers excessively from the degradation of the natural environment.
The reported reduced requirements were attributable to the implementation of the wet-lease and self-sustainment arrangements for contingent-owned communications equipment, as well as to the inclusion of some charges for spare parts under the communications equipment budget line item (see para. 46 above).
57. The Board considers that since the UNICEF Executive Board specified the projects to be undertaken in its approval of the establishment of the capital assets fund, any relocation and reprogramming of funds should receive the Executive Board’s prior authorization.
The marginal increase of non-core funds has not compensated adequately for the decline in core contributions by major donors.
Noting also the convening of the first Assembly of the Global Environment Facility at New Delhi from 1 to 3 April 1998 and the conclusion of the second replenishment of the Facility,
Reaffirming its objectives as set forth in the Charter of the United Nations of achieving international cooperation in solving problems of an economic, social, cultural or humanitarian character and in promoting and encouraging respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms for all without distinction as to race, sex, language or religion,
Taking note also of the request regarding the enlargement of the Executive Committee, contained in the note verbale dated 14 October 1997 from the Permanent Mission of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, E/1998/3.
The Israeli occupation authorities have used the fact that the majority of Syrian citizens are unfamiliar with Hebrew, as well as security considerations, as pretexts for not employing these citizens in government and public institutions.
In paragraph 1 of resolution 52/32, the General Assembly recommended the guidelines and recommendations for objective information on military matters to all Member States for implementation, fully taking into account specific political, military and other conditions prevailing in a region, on the basis of initiatives and with agreement of the States of the region concerned.
2. Requests the administering Power, the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system and all financial institutions to continue to provide assistance to the Territory for socio-economic development and the development of human resources, bearing in mind the vulnerability of the Territory to external factors;
(e) Finally, UNDCP intervention will need to focus first on capacity-building at the national level.
In conformity with rule 20 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, an explanatory memorandum and a draft resolution are attached as annexes to the present letter.
A minimum of 30 copies of the text of speeches to be delivered in plenary meetings and meetings of the Main Committees should be given in advance to the conference officer in order to help the Secretariat provide the best possible service.
These changes were subsequently endorsed by the General Assembly and have been introduced, with some minor adjustments of detail, in the period since.
Initiatives have been taken by international non-governmental actors, such as the International Peace Academy, to foster dialogue and promote consensus on these and other issues among key representatives of a wide spectrum of political, labour, civil and business sectors.
279. It was noted that the members of ACC had pledged to give special attention to the needs and rights of street children and refugee and internally displaced children, and it was emphasized that ACC should also pay due attention to the needs of children under foreign occupation.
32. In summary, the following resources would be allocated:
The regional economic commissions in Africa and Asia are implementing most of their assistance projects within the framework of the Transport and Communications Decade programmes.
10. National constitutions: These instruments could acknowledge, if appropriate, the legitimacy of cooperatives and the cooperative movement and the utility of their contribution to national life.
However, a detailed analysis of this question is not required of the author of this paper since the problem of the responsibility of States is being studied by the International Law Commission.
Liabilities consisted of unliquidated obligations of $77,023, accounts payable of $10,599.
Thus, the proposal for grouping NPSAs could only work in the cases in which the countries concerned do not offer programmes in the same field.
The very high number of registered voters who turned up at polling stations to cast their ballot has given a clear signal that the Cambodian people are embracing democracy and are determined to decide their own political future.
179. The representative of CCAQ noted that the document, which had been prepared in accordance with the methodology approved by the Commission and endorsed by the General Assembly, related to the standard updating of the levels of the education grant.
and Add.1 second session, held at Geneva from 8 to 19 July 1996
May – ECA/Global Coalition for Africa – Colloquium on the Role of the Military in Political Transition and Economic Development – Development Management Division
Reports of meetings of persons chairing United Nations human rights treaty bodies (even years)
As can be seen from table 8, over the plan period the rate of implementation of initially programmed publications and information material remained, by and large, constant, as did the number of this category of output that was programmed.
The SBSTA welcomed that the secretariat had made use of the roster in three expert meetings on technology and technology transfer issues and recalled its request to Parties which have not yet done so, to nominate experts for the roster, bearing in mind the need for experts with a background in economic and financial aspects of the transfer of technology.
Even if aluminium production increases, PFC emissions are expected to remain significantly lower than in 1990.
Reimbursement of services rendered to extrabudgetary entities and other agencies
The special theme for 1998, “Poverty, human rights and development” was selected in recognition of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, which provides the occasion for taking stock and looking at the deficits that still exist.
A lesson from the East Asian crisis is that under these circumstances, countries must establish good prudential and supervisory frameworks to avoid the risk of collapse of their financial systems: the Bank is supporting these efforts.
She noted that the open-ended working group of the Commission established to draft the optional protocol to the Convention had met in parallel to the Commission and had moved forward in drafting the text of the protocol.
Organization of joint meetings with the Commission on Sustainable Development.
Item 9. Medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001
(c) Food and sustainable agricultural development
Staff officers, who normally serve a one-year tour of duty, rotate on an individual basis and are subject to regular commercial airfares.
This issue had been brought to the attention of ICSC on many occasions in the past.
62. To be considered for promotion, applicants must meet the linguistic criteria required to carry out the functions of the post.
In addition, the Commission approves the organization of its session, which includes a suggested number of hours to be allocated to each agenda item so as to ensure successful completion of the agenda.
153. The Committee notes the predominance of cultural stereotypes that are prejudicial to women.
∙ Audit of the use of consultants (A/52/814, annex)
With investment policy regimes becoming increasingly open and similar, countries find that they need to undertake additional promotional efforts to attract the desired level of inflows, and of a kind consonant with their development objectives.
As a result of these brutal actions, thousands were displaced and left homeless and are now sheltered in relief centres.
18. While recognizing that the Administration had made progress in processing inter-office vouchers for some missions, as well as organizing training programmes, the Board recommends that monitoring and reconciliation of the inter-office vouchers should be done on a more regular basis so that by the end of the financial periods such transactions would be properly reflected in the accounts.
33. Efforts to control the instability of capital movements can be undertaken at different levels as follows:
Table 1.1 Global Mechanism Personnel Costs
64. The World Bank is currently working on its approach paper on revision of its operational document (OD 4.20) on indigenous peoples, which was issued in 1991.
(c) Problems in arranging key recruitment meetings: in four cases at Geneva, delays of two to three months were caused by insufficient staff being available to form a quorum for the meetings of the Appointment and Career Development Panel from July to September.
2. Draft amendments to the Manual of Tests and Criteria (ST/SG/AC.10/11/Rev.2) GE.97-22594 page
(a) Have the necessary medical, logistical (food, housing, etc.) and administrative support and facilities or programmes;
Accordingly, the Committee considers concluding comments comparatively in an effort to ensure that they are even.
It expressed the view that the existence of a large number of vessels with illegal nets in some harbours seemed to confirm the belief that for some reason the Italian authorities were unable to control this type of fishing activity.
(c) when damaged to such an extent that the integrity of the tank or its lifting or securing arrangements may be affected; and
. Liaise with the private sector in order to identify priority areas for its involvement; .
8. Other critical factors needed for effective dialogue include: ensuring the promotion of an entrepreneurial culture in developing countries in general; addressing ideological resistance to the transition from a command economy to a market economy; and putting in place measures which foster the integration of informal sector enterprises into the formal sector of the economy.
67. It was observed that the title of the subsection did not refer to security interests.
(iii) Revenue derived from the Staff Assessment Plan;
At the very least, there must be a dialogue on how we work together in analysing these problems and our positions must be supported with informed analysis.
179. On 2 December, Israeli bulldozers demolished a house in the district of Dahiyat Al Aqbat and another in the town of Anata, in the Jerusalem Governorate.
20. In the case of overtime and annual leave, 75 per cent pertained to work of heavy cargo truck drivers.
Equal rights to inheritance between women and men had been established in a Supreme Court judgement in 1960 and polygamy had been outlawed.
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-61009 English Page
1. The head of the secretariat of the Convention, or the representative of the head of the secretariat, shall act in that capacity in all sessions of the Conference of the Parties and of its subsidiary bodies.
Measures are also required to ensure the effective supervision of staff and the periodic review of the treatment provided to children in such institutions.
13. The criminal justice system (police, prosecution, courts and correctional system) has to identify, prosecute, punish and rehabilitate:
J. Other departments and organizations of the United Nations system
Trust Fund in Support of the United Nations Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (GGA)
6.6.2.18.2 The prototype test report for the design approval shall include at least the following:
The Head will be accountable directly to the COP for the implementation of its policies and programmes of work and for the use of monies contributed by the Parties.
15. Central Asia has enormous oil and gas reserves.
In ECLAC, consultancy contracts were continued from one and a half to 10 years, combining different types of contracts and appointments; and in the Office of Legal Affairs, consultants were appointed without the prior approval of the Office of Human Resources Management.
(b) Insofar as it may be interpreted as an admission of guilt, amnesty cannot be imposed on individuals prosecuted or sentenced for acts connected with the peaceful exercise of their right to freedom of opinion and expression.
5. Paragraphs 17 to 19 of the performance report provide information on the reduced requirements of $27.6 million resulting from favourable exchange rate fluctuations.
1. Welcomes the completion of the review of the United Nations University carried out by the Joint Inspection Unit and the internal assessment conducted by the Ad Hoc Committee of the University’s governing Council and the comments of the Secretary-General on the report of the Joint Inspection Unit;
2. Write-off of losses of cash, accounts receivable and property
One UNCTAD expert would be required for this phase and one mission of approximately two weeks.
7. The General Assembly, in paragraph 19 of resolution 52/198, welcomed with appreciation the generous offer of the Government of Senegal to host the second session of the Conference of the Parties at Dakar from 30 November to 11 December 1998.
I have the honour to enclose herewith a copy of the proposals I have made to Mr. Glafkos Clerides, the leader of the Greek Cypriot administration on 31 August 1998, towards a viable and just settlement of the Cyprus dispute (see enclosure).
Further, eight staff members had between three and five separate advances outstanding.
These measures are catalogued at the bottom level of both hierarchies in order to estimate both the benefits and the costs of each alternative measure of assistance.
The General Assembly, in resolution 45/217 of 21 December 1990, welcomed the adoption of the World Declaration and the Plan of Action and urged all States and the international community to work for the achievements of the goals and objectives endorsed therein.
In this context, he stressed the Commission’s role as a universal discussion forum without the strain of negotiations.
UNICEF has therefore used education grants to help reduce drop-out rates; supported community-based primary education projects and provided educational alternatives for working children.
That Agreement currently had some 25 contracting parties and efforts were under way to make it universally accepted.
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peace-keeping operations in all their aspects [88] (A/52/209; A/C.4/52/L.9/ Rev.1)
8. Ensure timely submission of sub-project monitoring reports and ensure that funds are disbursed to the implementing partners only when required (para. 43).
A panellist pointed out the numerous obstacles facing the private sector in Uganda, which could be generalized for the situation in many low-income commodity-dependent economies.
50. Between the beginning of 1997 and March 1998, the United Nations provided assistance to 51 Member States in their efforts to cope with the impact of 77 natural disasters and environmental emergencies.
308. The Committee regrets, however, that the report contains information almost exclusively on the legal framework for the protection of rights of minorities and does not give sufficient information on the implementation of such legislation or on the extent to which minority communities enjoy the protection afforded by the Convention.
36. We are pleased that talks are being held on a Free Trade Area of the Americas (FTAA), and we reiterate our commitment to the completion of these talks by 2005 and to the attainment of definite goals by the end of this century.
The Advisory Commission noted with appreciation the internal restructuring and reforms which you initiated in 1996.
If delegations believe that the speaker may deviate from the text, they should opt for “check against delivery” and the interpreters will follow the speaker and not the translation.
The European Union also calls upon the Government of Guatemala to support the work of the Truth Commission and to take all appropriate measures to ensure the safety of its members.
The situation of the Roma minority had been raised during the consideration of Bulgaria’s proposed membership of the European Union and further measures would be implemented in cooperation with the Union.
On the other hand, the view was expressed that the words “advocacy in support of a global ban on landmines; and the development and implementation of a comprehensive resource mobilization strategy” should be included in the programme narrative.
19. Article 16 (c) of the Regulations states that "[t]he amount of the proportionate share shall be determined by the Board after an actuarial valuation of the assets and liabilities of the Fund on the date of termination, provided that no part of the assets which are in excess of the liabilities shall be included in such share".
For this reason, it would be important for inspectors to be able to perform PCR to amplify minute DNA segments.
The Board will be invited to take note that, following consultations with the member States concerned (South Africa, the United Kingdom and India), the Secretary-General of UNCTAD has included the Land and Agriculture Policy Centre; the Foundation for International Environmental Law; and the Consumer Unity and Trust Society in the Register of national non-governmental organizations provided for under Board decision 43(VII), sections III and IV.
6.6.3.13.5 When portable tanks are not protected during transport, according to 4.2.2.3, the shells and service equipment shall be protected against damage to the shell and service equipment resulting from lateral or longitudinal impact or overturning.
(a) The secretariat would prepare a draft document on a particular subject matter after the identification and information-gathering stages had been completed;
The Department of Public Information provides a wide range of services to representatives of the media, non-governmental organizations and the general public.
Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan, which witnessed more moderate declines between 1990 and 1994 have continued to make reasonable gains.
It further welcomes the attention paid by the Government to "Let's all talk about it", the campaign against the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) being undertaken in the educational system.
Ultimately, the effective promotion and protection of human rights benefitting all people is not possible without a global human rights culture of which education and information are major tools.
(a) To embody the principle of the equality of men and women in their national constitutions or other appropriate legislation, if not yet incorporated therein, and to ensure, through law and other appropriate means, the practical realization of this principle;
Both Governments and representatives of relevant civil society organizations should be invited to attend.
29. A new procurement manual is in preparation to reflect this recommendation and other procurement reform procedures.
Affirming the determination to combat Indian subversion and terrorism directed against the sovereignty, territorial integrity, stability and security of Pakistan,
In particular, support to non-governmental organizations working in the field of human rights must be provided urgently.
However, extensive explanations regarding the rationale for the consolidation of the three departments had been provided to those bodies. Their views as to the effect of the changes on the implementation of the individual subprogrammes had also been sought.
48. The implementation of the project will result in major groups in recipient developing countries acquiring core skills and knowledge relating to the analysis, exchange and application of data and information on urban indicators.
The Expert Meeting had a broad and useful discussion, though some questions deserve additional attention, such as the provisions in bilateral investment treaties which contribute to attracting foreign investment and at the same time address development concerns.
(d) The resource requirements of the projects should be well defined and sufficient to achieve anticipated results;
2. Again notes with satisfaction the agreements4 reached between the Kingdom of Morocco and the Frente Popular para la Liberación de Saguia el-Hamra y de Rio de Oro for the implementation of the settlement plan3 during their private direct talks under the auspices of James Baker III, the Personal Envoy of the Secretary-General, and urges the parties to implement those agreements fully and in good faith;
Furthermore, the Department was unable to produce a video on new dimensions of United Nations human rights activities, and the UNDOC: Current Index (quarterly), and UNDOC: Current Index edition on microfiche (annual) for the same reasons stated above.
Victims and Witnesses Section: conferences/meetings with Governments/ NGOs.
4. The Working Party adopted an agreed statement by the Chairman (for the text of the agreed statement, see attachment).
The suffering imposed on Lebanon and its people by the existence of Israel and the aggressive and expansionist nature of that State goes back to the early days of its establishment in 1948.
Unless otherwise decided, for all key issues, the Commission shall establish joint working groups composed of members of the Commission, representatives of administrations and of staff bodies, at the first regular session each year.
They emphasize that internal controls should serve as an effective management tool to promote cost-effective operations and services for the achievement of the Organization’s mission, to safeguard resources against waste, abuse, mismanagement and fraud, to ensure adherence to legislative mandates, regulations and management directives and to foster the development of comprehensive and reliable financial and management data and information flows.
Within countries, unimpeded access to light weapons and small arms and the use of such weapons have increased the lethality of crime, violence, banditry and civil disobedience.
120. The paucity of trained personnel, the scarcity of modern equipment, the obsolescence of much national legislation, as well as the weak maritime law enforcement capability of many States have rendered them unable to deal with crimes at sea.
It is also pleased with the introduction of measures to introduce human rights education into schools.
Six Parties (FIN, FRA, DEU, NLD, SWE, USA) also indicated that their bilateral assistance included cross-sectoral “country study” type programmes.
4. At their Seventh Summit, held in Hanoi on 15 November 1997, the heads of State and Government of countries that use French as a common language decided that the Charter of the Agency for Cultural and Technical Cooperation needed to be revised in order to better promote la Francophonie’s ideals of freedom and human rights, justice, democracy, development and progress.
Summary of resource requirements – Programme support
1. Overall direction, management and coordination of legal advice and services to the United Nations as a whole 8
Further, within the territory of any country that has acceded to the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations and the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the Specialized Agencies, staff members of the organizations should be given, together with their spouses and relatives dependent on them, the same repatriation facilities in time of international crisis as diplomatic envoys.
No candidate has been proposed as yet by the concerned regional group for the vacant tenth seat.
Another affected State can also be the flag State of a vessel which might be called upon to rescue and to provide medical care, food and transportation to illegal migrants found in distress at sea.
One hundred eighty-three health workers were trained in the integrated management of childhood, and 203 traditional birth attendants were trained in safe delivery techniques.
(b) Be clearly separated from humanitarian centres established, for example, for returning refugees.
The Office also arranges for press interviews with senior officials of the United Nations and sets up background briefings, such as those on the Secretary-General’s recent report on Africa, on the United Nations reform and currently on his trip to Africa.
201. UNCTAD - other commodity conferences and commodity meetings [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
UNDCP has developed a model approach to alternative development which has proven viable in all zones and produced the most successful outcomes in Peru.
113. The effective enjoyment by every individual of the right to education should be a constant concern of national and international institutions, whether private or public.
Successive Israeli military operations were launched against Lebanese territory, while the villages in the southern border region were subjected to bombings and invasions to which many citizens fell victim.
He observed, however, that the annotations to the provisional agenda for Commission 1 did not reflect the consensus reached at the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development on that aspect.
Attention is also drawn to the general debate held by the Committee at its 3rd to 7th meetings, on 6, 8 and 9 October (see A/C.2/53/SR.3–7).
These abbreviated message descriptions and tags are purely provisional.
452. The Committee considered the initial report of Bulgaria (CRC/C/8/Add.29) at its 345th to 347th meetings, on 7 and 8 January 1997 (CRC/C/SR.345-347), and, at its 371st meeting, on 24 January 1997, adopted the following concluding observations.
We also cooperated with international efforts at the Conference on Disarmament to promote equitable and non-discriminatory measures to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons.
The ruling also asked the members of the community to cooperate with the police in tracking down the killer.
32. The Treaty Section will be extensively reorganized to work with the new database.
The first review shall take place at the [_] session of the Meeting of the Parties.
At its 4th meeting, on 27 October, the SBI, on the proposal of the Chairman, adopted the following conclusions:
The right to education means that an individual has the possibility to receive education, to provide it for his children and to be free in the choice of that education.
6. Development and transfer of technologies.
They are often organized in conjunction with a workshop that gathers media professionals of the same subregion.
He then talked about Palestinian-based obstacles, including indigenous socio-economic factors; lack of proper institutions; and lack of suitable infrastructure for industrial development.
The circuit court judge administers a court under the jurisdiction of a court of first instance.
The Executive Director of UNDCP was appointed on 1 March 1991 to execute the integration process and to act on behalf of the Secretary-General in fulfilling his responsibilities under the terms of international drug control treaties and resolutions of the United Nations organs related to drug control.
- “Commodity finance and risk management”, in which partnerships would be launched among producer associations, banks and other financial institutions and Governments in order to address this constraint faced by many developing countries by extending new financial engineering tools to commodities markets.
83. The Special Representative was received in Nairobi by the President of Kenya, Mr. Daniel arap Moi, who was also the Chairman of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), and met with the Minister for Foreign Affairs; he briefed them on his visit to the Sudan.
With respect to the specific recommendations set forth in the resolution, the Secretary-General wishes to note that all procurement in excess of $200,000 (the threshold required for review by the Headquarters Committee on Contracts) is now being advertised by the Procurement Division on its Web site home page, whenever adequate lead time is provided by the requisitioning department.
E. Provisional agenda for the forty-sixth session of the Board (agenda item 1 (d)) 32
13. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented by observers:
A) Summary of AIJ projects reported under annex III: Type of projecta)
A large amount of epidemiological data exists in addition to what is provided by Governments.
Understanding the relevant benefits of an intersectoral approach and engaging other sectors in developing coordinated programmes are necessary steps in the development of effective actions.
Moreover, she welcomed the fact that the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women had written to those States parties which had not submitted their initial reports, urging their swift compliance with this obligation.
Another major change between general and special-purpose funds but not affecting the total fund balance in 1996–1997 is the treatment of programme support costs retained by the Programme.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Sudan, Iraq, Bahrain, Zambia and South Africa.
1289. The Committee encourages the State party to continue and strengthen its efforts to develop a closer relationship with non-governmental organizations.
The situation now is qualitatively different from that of October 1994.
Finally, attention should be given to the image-building of Africa.
94. The Committee recommended approval of the revisions to programme 15 of the medium-term plan, subject to the following modification:
Some 23,000 Syrian citizens currently living in these villages are suffering from a variety of repressive and arbitrary Israeli measures.
Further steps need to be taken to increase the extent of application of the technique.
C. Development and transfer of technology 6 4
19. In addition, the Special Representative met with General Teng Savon, the Deputy Commander of the National Police, and other senior police officials to discuss the report of the two experts as it related to the grenade attack of March 1997 and the murder of General Ho Sok in July 1997.
Following the takeover by UNITA of many returnee areas that were formerly under state administration, most of these facilities seem to have been looted.
Other relevant areas of legislation (legislative recommendation 12 and paras. 28-62)
(c) To project the Organization as an open, transparent and public institution which has the capacity to meet the principal peace, development and human rights objectives enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations;
Overview of follow-up replies received and of the Special Rapporteur's follow-up consultations during the reporting period
The projections provided by Parties are not comparable and, in accordance with decision 2/CP.1 (FCCC/CP/1995/7/Add.1), individual national totals were not added.
United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation: financial report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995 and report of the Board of Auditors: note by the Secretariat (HS/C/16/CRP.3) - for information
After Guatemala’s Firm and Lasting Peace was signed on 29 December 1996 (A/51/796-S/1997/114, annex II), the General Assembly authorized, by resolution 51/198 B of 27 March 1997, the renewal of the mandate of MINUGUA, thereafter known as the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala, and to expand its mandate to verify all the peace accords.
4. Ways and means of maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes.
CCAQ (FB) Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (Financial and Budgetary Questions)
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-60838 English Page
In the mid-1980s, this propaganda began to intensify.
Time has showed that the emphasis placed on transport, telecommunications, and pipeline projects as the basis for intraregional development was correct.
(c) Crop yield estimation by way of remote sensing technology.
22. On 11 September 1997, Sabino Barbosa Ximenes was detained in Dili by members of the Special Intelligence Unit.
45. In the livestock sector, FAO continued to provide animal health care services through 255 district based veterinary field units (VFUs) established across the country.
4. Calls on the Secretary-General, in cooperation with the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization and all other concerned institutions, to coordinate their efforts with a view to implementing the International Year for the Culture of Peace;
You have referred this request to the Security Council for action (A/52/504-S/1997/812 of 21 October 1997).
It was noted that, in practice, project companies were typically incorporated as legal entities separate from the project sponsors, but that, from the viewpoint of legislation, that did not always need to be the case.
Then, within each broad category, operations should be grouped into one or more sets of regularly recurring activities (such as identifying, classifying, recording and reporting information) that are required to process a particular transaction or event.
Report of the Secretary-General on the progress made in the implementation of measures, recommendations and activities related to the Decade (A/53/613, para. 14, draft resolution II)
23. Leaders welcomed the successful outcome of the third session of the Multilateral High Level Conference, now known as the Western and Central Pacific Fisheries Conference, held at Tokyo in June 1998, and thanked Japan for hosting that important meeting.
87. The Committee recommends that the State party pay particular attention to the implementation of article 4 of the Convention and undertake all appropriate measures, to the extent possible with available resources, for the realization of the economic, social and cultural rights of children.
5. At its 68th meeting, on 29 May and 26 June, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.49, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 6).
2. The current triennial policy review provides an opportunity to chart the course of the operational activities of the United Nations system into the first years of the coming millennium.
4. Financial mechanism: Review process referred to in decision 9/CP.1
“Focus on reform”, pamphlet released in English in November 1997 and reprinted in July
For example, operational performance and survey capability of a new type of relatively inexpensive AUV has been demonstrated at a depth of 600 metres.
Could home countries assume specific obligations regarding the promotion of FDI flows to developing countries?
92. Board of Trustees of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Victims of Torture, eighteenth session [General Assembly resolution 36/151]
1997 At second session of UNCTAD Commission on Investment, Technology and Other Related Financial Issues.
Moreover, according to the information given by the secretariat, the savings on conference services, after the restructuring of the intergovernmental machinery at UNCTAD IX, were around US$ 1.3 million, and this amount was not reflected in the proposed budget.
Strengthening of public institutions and reinforcing of civil society
Thus a sui generis, functional federal system was brought about. It is this sui generis system, this partnership, that the Greek Cypriot side has destroyed by force of arms, and that they strive to get away with it as if the Republic of Cyprus was a unitary Greek Cypriot state, which they represent as a nation of Cypriots.
73. The Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations, in its report of 22 June 1995 (A/50/230), urged the Secretary-General to develop a rapidly deployable headquarters team composed of personnel skilled in essential military and civilian headquarters functions.
Operations of this type function on the basis of a limited agreement or understanding between the parties.
Progress on the anti-poverty front was last reported to the General Assembly in the report of the Secretary-General entitled “Observance of the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty (1996) and recommendations for the rest of the Decade” (A/52/573).
4. Urges all States parties to the Convention to meet in full and on time their obligations under the Convention and to support the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons in its implementation activities;
The European Union looks forward to any recommendations of this Panel regarding the completion of the investigation into human rights violations in the region.
Representative Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus
In 1996, it helped prepare projects worth $2.5 billion.
Through actions undertaken in relation to information collection and dissemination dealt with earlier, the Global Mechanism could make substantial contributions to improving coordination and cooperation among the parties and other entities.
Savings on, or cancellation of, prior periods’ obligations
50/119 Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries and a United Nations conference on South-South cooperation
106. Promotion and protection of the rights of children (P.109).
Development of cooperative arrangements in selected areas
The Committee also emphasizes the need for the gender sensitization of authorities, including the judiciary, law enforcement officers, lawyers, social workers, health professionals or others who are directly involved in combating violence against women.
37. Urges the Department of Public Information to take the necessary measures, through the provision of relevant and objective information, with a view to achieving the major objectives set forth in the report of the Secretary-General on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa;16
This approach created additional profits (to be used for investment) from sales on domestic markets made possible by protection made conditional on export performance.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
As drafted, this item is intended to cover consideration by COP 3 of the reports of the four subsidiary bodies and any action arising therefrom.
Furthermore, even though the amount spent may seem relatively small when compared to total expenditure, the comments of the Board raise serious questions as to whether UNDP has obtained value in exchange for the amount spent.
(Thousands of United States dollars, unless otherwise indicated)
(b) the piping, valves, and gaskets are inspected for corroded areas, defects, and other conditions, including leakage, that might render the portable tank unsafe for filling, discharge or transport;
Within the framework of the horizontal programme, DG-IV, in cooperation with DG—1A and member States, plans to continue with the following in 1997:
The report did, however, provide a quantitative indication of the extent to which those mandates served as the basis for UNDCP activities.
He also noted that uncertainty cast a shadow over the future of traditional preferential trade arrangements.
The United Nations Youth Fund assisted CARICOM preparatory activities and attended the international preparatory meetings for the Conference and the Conference itself.
2. By its decision 48/307 of 4 November 1993, the General Assembly, on the proposal of the Secretary-General, extended the term of office of Mrs. Ogata as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees for a period of five years, beginning on 1 January 1994 and ending on 31 December 1998.
26. Poor access to capital due to lack of collateral, the absence of information on the availability of funds and programmes, social and cultural barriers hindering entrance to financial markets, etc., were identified by several experts as the major obstacles to SME development, rather than the availability of credit itself.
75. Paragraph 83. The proposed Code of Conduct is under review by the General Assembly during its resumed fifty-second session.
The delegation of Honduras has been chosen by lot to occupy the first seat in the General Assembly Hall during the fifty-second session of the General Assembly.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services [143]
26. The report of the Special Rapporteur did not reflect the situation in the countries of the former Yugoslavia.
19. Budgetary assumptions should be modified to adopt an averaging method of estimating exchange rates and location-specific vacancy rates.
It is a signatory to the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty, in the negotiation of which it played an active part.
However, the situation is not ripe for developing a drug law enforcement programme inside the country.
The General Assembly has called for the strengthening of common services in the United Nations system to maximize their cost-effectiveness and economies of scale and to minimize duplication and overlap.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
Funds are allotted for those items to the Field Administration and Logistics Division and/or the mission in accordance with prior expenditure patterns and on the basis of consultations with the Division.
21. Reiterates its decision that all procurement-related functions should only be performed by United Nations staff, and requests the Secretary-General to phase out gratis personnel from the Procurement Division expeditiously, but no later than 31 July 1998;
They are acting thus in contempt of the laws of the third world countries and flouting the international standards worked out by the international community to which they have freely acceded.
Working in partnership with several United Nations agencies and other organizations, UNIFEM has facilitated the creation of women’s business networks in a region where women have limited economic power.
Mr. KORNEEV (Russian Federation) said that the Board was empowered to request the Director-General to implement decisions taken by the Board within its sphere of competence.
154. The contribution to core resources of UNDP4 has declined in the last three years by nearly 10 per cent, from US$ 943 million in 1994 to $911 million in 1995 and $855 million in 1996.
41. Peace-building, reconciliation, reconstruction and development are strongly interrelated.
39. If there is a massive process of "perverse globalization" such as we have described in this report, it would most probably result in an increase in movements reaffirming "elemental identities".
In the longer term, self-sufficiency in electricity, the future of nuclear power (in which connection the parliament has rejected a proposal to build a fifth plant), the availability of natural gas, as well as the growth and choice of technologies in the forest-related industry remain crucial determinants.
This role is further enhanced when the logistics base also possesses major satellite communications facilities as this permits the rapid, near-real time updating of both the central database and individual missions’ databases as resources are transferred between and within locations. Annex X
364. The Committee requests the State party to provide it with relevant information on the implementation of legislation prohibiting and sanctioning racial discrimination.
Even under the more stringent procedures, the implementation rate was 63 per cent at the end of June 1998 for the 1,415 audit recommendations issued from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1998.
Recalling that the COP may only consider those activities for which reports from all designated national authorities of Parties participating in the activity have been received by the secretariat (either jointly or separately), invited Parties to report on their AIJ under the pilot phase using the adopted format;
2. With the prior approval of the Council and in agreement with the Secretary—General such working groups may be authorized to sit while the Sub—Commission is not in session.
9. From a developing country's perspective, the ultimate test of any investment agreement is its development friendliness.
In this respect, the European Union welcomes the commitment of the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to carry out its own inquiry.
86. It was observed that environmental matters played an important role in privately financed infrastructure projects and that such matters were among the most frequent causes of dispute.
6. By way of analysis, the pattern of payment of regular budget assessments differs substantially between that of the United States and that of all other Member States.
Intergovernmental organizations and Governments with proposals for joint or “partnership” projects in cooperation with indigenous peoples. Main project areas
Turkish Cypriots were ousted from the state and its budget.
Additional funds are being sought to finance translation and printing in the other official languages of the United Nations.
Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro)
5. Ireland noted that it has a number of projects related to afforestation and land-use management in Africa, as well as projects to improve the operating efficiency and environmental performance of electrical systems in the Middle East and Africa, but it provided no data on bilateral financial contributions.
(c) Joint implementation projects shall bring about real, measurable and long-term environmental benefits related to the mitigation of climate change, whilst avoiding adverse environmental and social effects.
The creation of a nuclear-free world is the ideal legacy that we can leave to mankind as we move on to the next millennium.
20. The Congolese armed forces have aggravated the problem of internally displaced persons by moving people (Kubumba, Rugari, Byahi, Tyazo) in order to facilitate military manoeuvres, as recognized by the Provincial Security Council of Northern Kivu.
Participating companies with an EMS in place can receive trial audits free of charge.
(c) In the second preambular paragraph of draft resolution A, the word “chapter” was replaced by the word “chapters”;
To that end, such coordination should take place under the auspices of the resident coordinator of the United Nations system in the Comoros.
Some enterprises may choose to include only those costs that are "wholly and exclusively" attributable to environmental measures.
In addition, countries in Latin America and the Caribbean are developing activities in both the regional and subregional context, taking into account different levels of perception and knowledge of the challenge of desertification.
• The development of civilian nuclear power production;
(a) Report of the Secretary-General containing the financial performance report of the Base for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 (A/52/810);
Organizations with general and special status may designate authorized representatives to sit as observers at public meetings of the Economic and Social Council and subsidiary bodies.
4.To what extent have BITs influenced the investment provisions of regional and multilateral agreements?
Expressing its appreciation to the countries that participated in the Temporary International Presence in Hebron for their positive contribution,
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
24. Mechanisms of accountability provide tools that foster informed, well-documented and reasoned decisions, which are synonymous with professionalism and effective management, are in conformity with the Staff Regulations and Rules and which eliminate the phenomenon of responsibility being diluted to vagueness as to who is responsible and for what.
13. The Chairman—Rapporteur suggested that Mr. Guissé should continue to prepare his annual follow—up report on the matter.
Governments offer incentives to attract FDI, to steer it into favoured industries or regions, or to influence its character, for example, when technology-intensive investment is being sought.
4. Also commends Tokelau for current initiatives and endeavours, based on wide consultation with its people, to construct a true “house of Tokelau”, acknowledging the role of the village as the foundation of Tokelau, as well as the need to continue the process of strengthening the basis of national self-government;
4. In view of her distinguished contribution to the United Nations and her preference, for personal reasons, not to serve another full term, the Secretary-General proposes to the General Assembly that the term of office of Mrs. Ogata as United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees be extended for a period of two years, beginning on 1 January 1999 and ending on 31 December 2000.
Accordingly, the pre-trial judge, under the authority and supervision of the Trial Chamber, coordinates communication between the parties during the pre-trial phase in order to ensure that proceedings are not unduly delayed (A/C.5/53/13, para. 15).
The Court has also identified ways in which States appearing before it could assist in the expeditious disposal of the Court’s work.
A third objective will be to improve the international community’s ability to measure the environmental impact of human activity and expenditures related to the environment.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolutions 49/249 and 50/224 (A/C.5/52/38).
10. Given that the present arrangements for the provision of substantive, technical and conference servicing to all intergovernmental and expert bodies appear to meet the requirements of Member States, no change is proposed at this time.
In 1996, UNDCP initiated activities focusing on the development of standard protocols and methods for the profiling/signature analysis of key narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, concentrating initially on seized methamphetamine.
63. Disarmament Commission [General Assembly resolution S-10/2]
2. The Conference of the Parties held its fourth meeting in Bratislava from 4 to 16 May 1998.
Will be in line with those presented in Annex 1 of terms of reference (TOR).
Recalling its resolution 52/162 of 15 December 1997,
(a) Suppression of the traffic in persons and the exploitation of the prostitution of others;
(d) Invited the above international organizations to continue to provide information on their work to the SBSTA.
Annex Terms of reference of the Review Group
Observer status has been granted to Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Chile, Ecuador, Egypt, India, Italy, the Netherlands (in respect of the Netherlands Antilles and Aruba), Morocco, Peru, the Russian Federation and Spain.
Letter dated 10 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Panama to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General The document has been reproduced as received.
Also reaffirming its commitment to and the crucial importance of the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty to the international regime on the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and as essential foundations for the pursuit of nuclear disarmament,
1969-1974 Lycée J. J. Rabomanjara, Teamasina, Madagascar Pré-Baccalauréat Series A (preparatory qualification for secondary school leaving certificate)
(b) Letter dated 9 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Azerbaijan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/172-E/1998/86).
[No meetings are scheduled at Headquarters on Thursday, 17 November 1997, Thanksgiving Day.]
It is estimated that an amount of $9.3 million is due for troop costs for the period ending 31 December 1997.
31. The first and second parts of the fourth session of the Authority were held at Kingston, Jamaica, from 16 to 27 March 1998, and from 17 to 28 August 1998, respectively.
Since retiring from the Supreme Court in March 1998, Justice Hunt has been employed as a consultant by the Judicial Commission of New South Wales, on a project for revision of the legal directions to be given to juries in criminal trials.
At the request of the Group of 77 and China, the deadlines for the submission of draft proposals under item 97 (e) was extended to Friday, 7 November at 6 p.m, and under items 97 (g) and (h) to Monday, 10 November at 6 p.m.
Training of personnel is also envisaged under this technical cooperation activity.
The Committee met on 3 August 1998 (406th meeting) to consider requests for exceptions to paragraph 7 of section I, of General Assembly resolution 40/243 of 18 December 1985.
1. The General Assembly, by its resolution 39/46 of 10 December 1984, adopted and opened for signature, ratification and accession the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment contained in the annex to that resolution, and called upon all Governments to consider signing and ratifying the Convention as a matter or priority.
Particular attention will be given to the participation of civil society, and especially of children themselves.
Of which: In the direction of liberalisation
(c) The General Assembly might consider the fact that the current procedures allow for a review of mission factors in the event of a drastic change of conditions in the mission area.
3. The Government's conclusion is that it is still too early to remove completely the protection which that emergency legislation has provided although this is the eventual aim to which the Government is working.
The assessment should depend essentially on the degree to which a country had managed to honour its obligations and met the increased responsibilities stemming from the rotational arrangement.
Achievements included the introduction in November 1997 of a humanitarian principles programme in Government-held areas at the request of the Special Envoy and the launch in August 1997 of one of the Organization’s few integrated assistance and protection programmes for IDPs.
19. Air traffic control services and equipment.
The view was expressed that a system of managed assignments, based on incentives, was required in order to encourage language staff to accept assignments to a duty station where opportunities for advancement were restricted because of small staffing tables.
Such programmes should be integrated to promote cooperation between all concerned, should include a wide variety of appropriate interventions, should promote health and social well-being among individuals, families and communities and should reduce the adverse consequences of drug abuse for the individual and for society as a whole.
7. Heroin (diacetylmorphine) is listed in Schedules I and IV of the 1961 Convention and is subject to all measures of control applicable to drugs under that Convention.
250. On 6 May, the Palestinian Human Rights Monitoring Group accused the Israeli security forces of preventing Arab journalists in Hebron from doing their job.
The estimate is based on a maximum of 160 hours at $6.90 per hour each for 364 local staff.
We conducted our audit in accordance with the common auditing standards of the Panel of External Auditors of the United Nations, specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
64. The Government of Australia contributed 5.3 million Australian dollars, of which 4.3 million was donated to United Nations agencies, and 1 million was provided to non-governmental organizations.
∙ Contact: room DC1-0532, ext. 38280, fax 963-8013, e-mail: flynn-connors@un.org
The first regular session 1998 of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will be held from 19 to 23 January 1998 in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
16. The first one is that, by having established and implemented the largest compensation operation in history in record time and at minimum cost, the international community, acting through the United Nations, has confirmed the potential and capacity of the world organization to meet new and unprecedented challenges and to do it better than such operations performed outside its scope.
(e) Practical examples of international cooperation in money-laundering cases.
Throughout 1997, UNICEF, UNHCR, ICRC and others participated in a collaborative inter-agency effort to trace unaccompanied children and reunite them with their families, focusing principally on finding the families of more than 26,000 children identified as unaccompanied after the mass return of Rwandans from former Zaire in late 1996.
Each developing country Party shall seek to include in its national communication, as appropriate, information on programmes which contain measures that the Party believes contribute to addressing climate change and its adverse impacts, including the abatement of increase in greenhouse gas emissions, and enhancement of and removals by sinks, capacity building and adaptation measures;
The National Machinery should also act as a coordinating body for all the gender focal points of the ministries.
2. The report is composed of four sections.
– A total of 20 million houses suffered heavy damage, necessitating high-cost repair work;
Portfolio equity flows, although quite small, increased between 1992 and 1995 reaching a high of $5 billion in 1995 and declining to $2.3 billion in 1996.
Since the last financial report, documents have been prepared and submitted to the SBI by this programme on a variety of topics, including the Memorandum of Understanding between the COP and the Council of the Global Environment Facility (GEF), the review of the financial mechanism, and secretariat activities to facilitate the provision of financial and technical support to non-Annex I Parties.
Calls upon Member States to take, individually and collectively, the relevant measures and policies to prevent the marginalization of the weak or vulnerable economies of developing countries and of countries with economies in transition, and to help them to benefit from globalization and liberalization with a view to their full integration into the world economy;
442. The Committee welcomed the suggestion made at the “Round table of Human Rights Treaty bodies’ Approaches to Women’s Health, with a Focus on Reproductive and Sexual Health Rights”, held at Glen Cove, New York, in December 1996, that the eighth meeting of persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies should consider the issue of human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome.
Concerns that she may be subjected to torture are heightened by the fact that she has had no access to her family and has only met with her legal representative once since her arrest (ETHRC UA 3/98).
– In subparagraph (c), line 2, replace “resolutions and draft presidential statements” with “resolutions, draft presidential statements or other documents”.
14. The negotiations at the board level are expected to have a major bearing on the future course of resource mobilization and the question of new and innovative funding modalities for operational activities.
7. Mr. Song Il Jong Democratic People’s Republic
The President shall allow the request unless a Party objects.
III. Inter-agency cooperation and financing
19. Requests the Secretary-General to transmit the present resolution to the governing bodies of the appropriate specialized agencies and international institutions associated with the United Nations so that those bodies may take the necessary measures to implement the resolution, and also requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution;
Legislative authority to grant concessions (legislative recommendations 3 and 4 and paras. 10 and 11)
(a) Appropriation of the amount of $33,643,900 gross ($32,750,200 net) for the 12-month period beginning 1 July 1998, to be assessed at the monthly rate of $2,803,658 gross ($2,729,183 net), subject to the extension(s) of the Force by the Security Council;
An observer programme whose primary purpose was to make observations on incidental capture and mortality of dolphins in the fishery had been established as a component of the La Jolla Agreement.
The Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on their Destruction, also known as the Ottawa Convention, was formally adopted on 18 September 1997.
The Director of the General Legal Division responsed to a question posed.
The report observed that the demolitions had been carried out mainly in areas adjacent to settlements, bypass roads or areas that Israel intended to keep in the future.
96. The Committee commends the efforts made by the Government of Croatia to cooperate with civil society and non-governmental organizations and its promise of further efforts to improve cooperation with non-governmental organizations in the future, particularly in view of the presence of highly competent and active women’s non-governmental organizations in Croatia.
They will also continue collaborative action in addressing the issue of Cambodia.
UN in Our Daily Lives, book released in English in May/July and in French in September
With the current measures, emissions of all GHGs could increase by 6 per cent by 2000 without further growth in the energy-intensive industry.
Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
(i) A staff member who holds a fixed-term appointment of less than one year shall be granted sick leave at the rate of two working days per month of contractual service;
“(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms;
Land and environmental concerns of indigenous peoples in Suriname
Refurbishment at United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
Provision of $750,000 is made for the estimated cost of the deployment of contingent-owned engineering and demining equipment ($625,000) and repatriation of demining equipment upon completion of limited demining tasks ($125,000).
105. On 1 and 2 October 1998 the European Commission will hold a conference in Vienna on the theme “Towards a society for all ages”.
For Austria, Iceland, Monaco, New Zealand and Norway, the fuel combustion share was lower, ranging from 60 per cent (MON) to 88 per cent (NZL).
The sample department is a small organization devoted to the review and analysis of social developments in certain sectors.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.21
Formerly, such balance had been treated as deferred charges pending an accounting by IAEA of the unspent balance.
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.
In its internal oversight work over the past three and a half years, OIOS has focused on the substantive activities of the Organization; peacekeeping missions and humanitarian affairs were identified as priorities, for obvious reasons, along with procurement and new United Nations bodies.
(c) When countries are at the same level of development, and one country offers incentives and another does not, foreign investors could be influenced in their locational choices between countries.
The present inquiry shows that this approach has received wide support: safe maternal care programmes are common to all countries in each geographical region.
JI projects can be implemented between countries with legally binding emissions limits and those which do not have such limits.
There is no mention of the systematic campaign of ethnic cleansing which was perpetrated against the Turkish Cypriot people until 1974, when Turkey acted in accordance with her rights and obligations under the 1960 Treaty of Guarantee in the wake of a bloody coup d'état by Greece and its collaborators in Cyprus.
4. Measures to be taken to give full effect to the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
The General Assembly did not take any decision on the Secretary-General’s initial request for four additional support account-funded posts (one P-4, two P-3 and one General Service) for DPKO to ensure effective use and future development of the field assets control system during the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, hence the new post requests for the peacekeeping assets management function.
Although tea still dominates beverage consumption in Central and Eastern Europe and the Asia and Pacific region, it has been losing ground to soft drinks and soluble coffee.
In some cases, the Fund participant and/or the divorced spouse later remarried.
She also referred to draft legislation that specified conditions for occupational health and safety.
III. Recommendation of the First Committee
20. Since cross-borrowing has been used extensively in recent years to compensate for the chronic deficit in regular budget cash, the continuing decrease in peacekeeping cash will have a profound effect on the Organization’s financial stability.
- the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees (1951) (article 21)
Efforts will be made by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee to promote the appeals more aggressively than in the past.
51. In Greece, a professor was reportedly arrested for having made several references to Buddhism while teaching German at a private school.
As a result of Israeli licensing policies, the number of Palestinian guides in East Jerusalem dropped from 154 in 1967 to 47 in 1995, and their number in the rest of the West Bank and Gaza Strip was down to 24 in 1995, six of whom were newly licensed by the Palestinian Ministry of Tourism.
Coordination of mine action at United Nations Headquarters is sustained almost entirely from donor contributions, and most other mine-related programmes receive the major portion of their resources from funds specifically earmarked for mine action from contributing Governments and multilateral organizations.
8. The General Assembly, in its decision 52/461 of 31 March 1998, invited the Commission to examine, as a matter of priority, the Code of Conduct proposed by the Secretary-General (A/52/488).
385. The Committee commends the Government’s initiative to encourage women’s non-governmental organizations to participate in programmes to implement the Convention.
32. About 40 per cent of all the food distributed in Africa was procured locally, either in surplus producing countries or in surplus producing areas of the recipient country.
Finally, other issues which are either inadequately or not at all reflected in this working paper, such as the connection between terrorist groups and transnational organized crime, or the growth in the post—cold war era of terrorist activity by ethnic and national minorities, could also be addressed as appropriate.
7.5 "Anthropogenic emission" means the total emissions of greenhouse gases into the atmosphere within the territory of a Party caused by human activity during a concrete period.
(b) a pilot in—depth survey and evaluation of potential units in a particular region and subregion;
78. The Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia (ESCWA) commenced its work on poverty alleviation in 1995 and has progressed in three distinct but related phases: (a) measurement, characteristics and determinants of poverty; (b) policies to eradicate poverty; and (c) tools to eradicate poverty.
2. By its decision 10/10, taken at its tenth session, the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for Desertification (INCD) invited the Secretariat to solicit proposals to undertake such a survey and evaluation and to arrange for circulation of executive summaries of these proposals in advance of the first session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 1).
IV. Unliquidated obligations as at 31 January 1998 I. Introduction
Vice-Chairmen: Mr. Holger Martinsen (Argentina)
The Centre at New Delhi translated “Submission of complaints about human rights violations” (DPI/1550) and “Body of principles for the protection of all persons under any form of detention or imprisonment”(DPI/969) into Hindi.
Each Annex I Party shall give the first priority to policies and measures intended to eliminate subsidies, tax incentives and other market imperfections existing in greenhouse gas emitting sectors;
The Committee further recommends that the State party pursue and strengthen its family planning and reproductive health educational programmes, including for adolescents.
43. As the same causes produce the same effects, three steps are necessary to prevent victims from having to face renewed encroachments on their dignity:
The strategy developed by the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction for impact reduction through prevention, mitigation and rehabilitation of damages caused builds on the capabilities available in the United Nations system as a whole to deal with these issues in a concerted way.
At the end of the biennium, it is expected that the five central Asian States will have established harmonized and compatible responses on drug-control policies.
A. Legislation and national control systems Problem
1399. At its fourteenth session, the Committee decided to devote its next day of general discussion, to be held on 6 October 1997, to the issue of "The rights of children with disabilities".
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization
The desperate situation was also reflected in Palestinian children.
By April 1998, virtually all of the 41 recommendations endorsed by the United Nations agencies in the autumn of 1996 had been successfully implemented.
The major components of the programme will include institutional development, research, extension, inputs and early warning systems.
173. For information about the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East, see paragraph 58 above.
(i) Notes by the Secretary-General on death and disability benefits: second and third quarterly reports on clearing the backlog of claims (A/C.5/52/37 and A/C.5/52/50);
(c) Italy has seconded a Junior Professional Officer (JPO) to the Secretariat.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly under agenda items 29, 31, 37, 42, 46, 51, 71, 77, 91, 93, 94, 100, 102, 108, 110 and 155.
I am confident that the Mission will meet this challenge.
a) The concept of ‘equal right solution’ could be applied to embody the principle of equity and common but differentiated responsibilities.
IX. Observations and comments on previous recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(a) European Symposium of Non-Governmental Organizations
14. The Secretariat has continued to facilitate the organization of national awareness seminars concerning the future implementation of the Convention and actions during the interim period.
The members of most staff pension committees supported the amendment of articles 21 (b) and 32; it was opposed by the members representing the Secretary-General and the General Assembly of the United Nations.
Delegations are urged to use these facilities fully by starting all meetings promptly at the scheduled time.
(a) To complain about the policies and actions of individual officials and governmental bodies with regard to violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms by petition or other appropriate means to competent domestic judicial, administrative or legislative authorities or any other competent authority provided for by the legal system of the State, which should render their decision on the complaint without undue delay;
By the end of May, this number had been revised upwards to 595,000 in rebel-held areas and 33,000 in Government-controlled areas.
9. Specific guidelines for reporting on child abuse. To encourage further discussion in newsrooms and within the media community as a whole guidelines should be drafted by appropriate journalist bodies on how to report on abuse of children and at the same time protect the dignity of the children involved.
Twelve training centres have been established for one-year cycles for the benefit of 14-18-year-old children.
The BBC-Afghan Education Drama continues to broadcast mine-related messages through its very popular radio drama series “New home, new life”.
Reporting by the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
A number of publications were also prepared such as the African Women Report, which will be an annual publication and which in 1998 focused on the role of women in post-conflict reconstruction.
The Committee recalls that, during its consideration of the proposed estimates for the support account for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, the Committee was informed that a separate report of the Secretary-General to the General Assembly was being prepared on the Rapidly Deployable Mission Headquarters (see A/51/906, para. 36).
The Declaration was signed by the heads of State of Fiji, Indonesia and Namibia.
6. The Organization’s record in collecting assessments, however, is not good.
3. The Secretary-General, in document S/1998/17 and Add.1 informed the Security Council of developments in the political, military and police, human rights and humanitarian aspects of the situation in Angola.
14. As President, I had also devoted substantial effort towards interacting with the world outside the United Nations, keeping my door open not only to governmental representatives but also to non-governmental organizations, students, the business community, universities and journalists in equal measure.
(a) Preventive action, including all political, economic, legislative and administrative measures aimed at eliminating all practices and all procedures conducive to violations of economic, social and cultural rights; and
(a) Travel of two Headquarters personnel and one aviation specialist to the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) for a training course.
adopted by the Seventh Conference of heads of State and Government
57. At present, the Programmes' main activities concentrated on: (i) access to finance on international terms and conditions; (ii) setting up regional centres to promote competitiveness; (iii) developing suppliers; (iv) disseminating information and promoting innovation and technical change; (v) improving transport, communications and the legal framework.
Statements by ministers and other heads of delegation
15. While it is difficult at this stage to forecast their exact impact on staffing levels, it is expected that reductions in staffing requirements in those departments where savings are to be achieved could be met through a combination of redeployment and natural attrition, including retirement.
The first would be to rely more on the Permanent Missions to make the case for participating in the reporting system.
The Secretariat prepared two informal papers for the Special Committee in response to that request (see para. 11 above, subparas. (c) and (d)).
In Casablanca, it met non-governmental organizations concerned with the relief and rehabilitation of street children and visited a centre for girls.
Moreover, it expresses its concern at the lack of learning and teaching facilities, as well as at the shortage of trained teachers in rural areas and in particular on commercial farms.
HUMAN RIGHTS QUESTIONS: HUMAN RIGHTS QUESTIONS, INCLUDING ALTERNATIVE APPROACHES FOR IMPROVING THE EFFECTIVE
3. Combined third and fourth periodic reports
Because of the difficulty of separate identifications, the related contributions and expenditures are all grouped under development assistance.
The Department also organizes briefing programmes, as part of the effort to educate the public and cultivate relationships with educational institutions and representative and influential elements of civil society.
Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus
The management of UNFICYP and the Field Administration and Logistics Division continuously objected to that argument, maintaining that it was the United Kingdom’s unilateral decision to discontinue providing the service that had created the problem.
Successful implementation of the activities in question would further develop UNCTAD’s contribution to peace and development in the region.
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects [88]
“Reiterating that the United Nations occupies a unique position in respect of addressing the challenges of promoting development in the context of globalization and interdependence,
(c) The projects should aim at realizing distinct results within the period of two bienniums;
34. In view of the above, the General Assembly may wish to recommend to the Commission on Human Settlements that, at its seventeenth session (Nairobi, 5–14 May 1999), it includes in its agenda an item entitled “Preparations for the special session of the General Assembly on the implementation of the Habitat Agenda”, under which the Commission would consider and recommend to the General Assembly, at its fifty-fourth session, through the Economic and Social Council:
Included in the drawdown of UNTAES in annex II.B.
The private sector had created new jobs, and it currently employed about 60 per cent of the labour force.
At 1250 hours Israeli forces fired mortar shells from their position at Ksarat al-Urush that fell in the area around Sujud hill.
2. Any person also commits an offence if that person attempts to commit an offence within the meaning of paragraph 1, subparagraphs (a) or (b);
General resources, the main source of UNICEF income, recorded excess of income over expenditure of $40.6 million while supplementary funds and emergency relief and rehabilitation programme incurred significant shortfall of income over expenditure of $12.7 million and $42.4 million, respectively.
The cost estimates for the maintenance of MIPONUH for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 are based on the cost parameters contained in section A of the present annex.
48. Statements in explanation of vote were made by the representatives of the Russian Federation, Peru and Venezuela (see A/C.3/53/SR.49).
The COP subsequently requested that the Executive Secretary submit to the COP at its third session (COP 3), through the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI), a second report on the financial performance of the UNFCCC in the biennium 1996-1997 (see decision 16/CP.2).
Compared with 1994–1995, the fund balance declined by $2,861,523, or 4.5 per cent reflecting the decline in net assets.
Stressing once again the need for Governments to provide standard humanitarian treatment to trafficked persons consistent with human rights standards,
UN Disarmament, during the commemoration of UN Disarmament Week, 23 October 1997
2. Formal education should not be a limitation to participation in the fellowship programme given the socio-economic barriers confronted by many indigenous peoples that limit access to formal educational institutions.
181. UNU/INTECH and UNDP are working together on a project dealing with teleworking.
(iii) Strengthen further the section in the report on the steps taken by the Council to improve its working methods;
35. No additional posts are requested for the Division.
This conclusion will be developed further through the case studies of specific branches.
Clearly, a full enquiry by an independent body is called for in light of the new evidence.
Recalling its resolutions 41/87 of 8 December 1986, 46/158 of 19 December 1991, 51/79 of 16 December 1996 and 52/197 of 18 December 1997 on cultural development,
In addition, ECE, jointly with ECA, is responsible for the implementation of the Economic and Social Council resolution on the Europe-Africa permanent link through the Strait of Gibraltar.
Replace subparagraph 20.9 (d) with the following:
382. Emphasizing the role of the judicial system in eliminating racial discrimination, the Committee requests the State party to provide information in its next periodic report on the existing legal mechanisms available to lodge complaints in cases of racial discrimination.
2. The Third Committee considered the item jointly with item 104 at its 12th to 17th meetings, on 14, 15, 16 and 19 October 1998, and took action on the item at its 22nd and 29th meetings, on 22 and 30 October 1998.
Annexes III and IV contain information on the authorized, planned and actual deployment of United Nations Volunteers.
Based on this agreement, the two organizations will co-sponsor the Pilot Seminar on the Mobilization of the Private Sector in order to Encourage Foreign Investment Flows towards the Least Developed countries, to be held in Geneva on 23-25 June 1997.
The status quo was broken in 1991–1992 with the commencement of a period during which complex, difficult and dangerous routes had to be flown in the range of new missions opened by the Organization.
Resolute enforcement of the humanitarian and human rights norms relating to the use of the weapons listed in resolution 1996/16, especially with international condemnation of violations and insistence upon compensation for victims, will go a long way towards elimination of the weapons.
This second report gave an important empirical basis for realization of the analysis in the third report.
1. Total participation in international conventions pertaining to international terrorism
When it was envisaged in 1970 to have a single carrier offering a comprehensive coverage, the Office of the Controller explained in a memorandum the decision not to go for competitive bidding as follows:
The Mission reiterates that the coordinating body for the modernization of the justice sector has an important role to play in overcoming such resistance.
At Headquarters, the Department of Political Affairs in its capacity as convener of the Executive Committee on Peace and Security (ECPS) is the United Nations focal point for peace-building and works closely with other departments and entities of the United Nations system; further internal guidelines in this area are being developed.
The operation of a radio communications system is a fundamental, basic component of the United Nations Security Management System.
Assistant Secretary-General, Controller Annex II
Israel90 recognizes that its country’s traditional attitude of not taking equal interest in women’s health and men’s health may have resulted in the poorer health of women in Israel.
At present, their revenue is insufficient to cover the taxes so all family members have to work, including in Israel.
The above approaches will build on the strengths of Indian society and avoid the impression of being “top-down” or pedagogical.
The recognition of a certain category of human rights violations as an international crime is a prerequisite for the development of appropriate international machinery, but a detailed exploration of the matter could be the subject of a separate study.
The portion of the education grant advance which is assumed to pertain to the scholastic year completed as of the date of financial statement is included in deferred charges for balance sheet purposes only.
59. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP).
2. Takes note of the views expressed by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship of Argentina on the occasion of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly;
(d) The conduct by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination, of a series of studies relating to the preparatory process leading up to the World Conference;
43. In collaboration with UNFPA, in February 1998, two staff members of WHO and the Ministry of Education participated in a study tour in Uganda and Ethiopia on producing information, education and communication (IEC) material in population and family life education.
45. Likewise, many NGOs are involved in the operational activities of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, the majority of them in the field of drugs demand reduction.
Such a change should be accomplished by rotating the members, which could best be achieved on a voluntary basis.
100. The Board noted that, pursuant to resolution 51/243, the Secretary-General proposed to phase out gratis personnel who fell outside the authorized scope of gratis military personnel over the period from November 1997 to December 1999.
This is to ensure serviceability of the equipment;
Intergovernmental deliberations on such items as the coordination of humanitarian assistance should take into account the related matters of development assistance, human rights and peace-building.
Yielding substantive responses from fourteen countries, the standardized military expenditure reporting instrument was deemed sufficiently successful to warrant its continued use.
34. Disrupted social and economic conditions also lead to a potential growth in crime, including drug trafficking.
“Noting the continuing differences among Member States regarding the scope and objectives of the Treaty,
Letter dated 22 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
(b) They shall be constituted in accordance with criteria making clear to the public the competence in the field of human rights and the impartiality of their members and on conditions ensuring their independence, in particular by the irremovability of their members for the duration of their terms of office;
∙ Triennial review of the implementation of recommendations made by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its thirty-fifth session on the evaluation of peacekeeping operations: start-up phase (E/AC.51/1998/4)
Pilot and demonstration activities will be elaborated, implemented, monitored and evaluated.
Protective devices which deflect the flow of vapour are permissible provided the required relief-device capacity is not reduced.
The provision of $305,800 includes $158,400 for spare parts and supplies, $31,900 for the purchase of telephone systems for installation in police stations and rental of pagers, and $115,500 for commercial communications.
If selected to house the GM, UNDP would help craft a small consortium of the most concerned organizations, involving partners (bilateral, private sector, government, civil society/NGOs, financial institutions, academic & research institutions, UN agencies, intergovernmental bodies, etc).
Some States combine exclusive economic zones with fisheries zones, while others have one or the other depending on different circumstances.
It will be difficult to identify suitable candidates for the census, as enterprises are usually reluctant to divulge information on who their trading partners are, and those trading partners may have reservations in participating in the survey.
159. In connection with the last sentence of paragraph 72, it was observed that, while the criteria used for pre-qualifying consortia should not be weighted again at the evaluation phase, it was appropriate for the awarding authority to require, at any stage of the selection process, that the participants again demonstrate their qualifications in accordance with the same criteria used to pre-qualify them.
At 0455 hours occupation forces fired mortar shells at Jabal Safi and the outskirts of Jba` from their position at Ksarat al-Urush.
The exercise mandated by the Conference of the Parties (COP) and the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) has generated some reflection within the secretariat on the relationship between non-governmental organizations (NGOs) and the Convention process, notably on the principles governing the participation of NGOs.
10. At the macro level, UNIFEM has been focusing on the issue of globalization, supporting research and the creation of regional forums to analyse the ways in which national, regional and international trade policies have differential impacts on women and men, and identifying strategies and opportunities for women to become more involved in the process of influencing trade policy-making.
Health-care services were provided to Palestine refugees in the Syrian Arab Republic through the Agency’s network of 23 health centres, all of which provided comprehensive medical care, including MCH care and family planning services and special care for diabetes mellitus and hypertension.
The endless barrage of unwarranted and unfounded accusations against the Turkish Cypriot side cannot blur or change the fact that the reckless policy of escalation pursued by the Greek Cypriot side is the real threat to peace and stability in the region.
36. It is difficult to discern global or geographical trends from seizure data on lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), as the reported global figures are often strongly influenced by one or a few bulk seizures in one country or region.
(on Second Committee organizational matters)
Development assistance has decreased, and the number of French military personnel (the major contributor to GDP at almost 60 per cent) is diminishing.
Districts in the Khatlon and Leninabad regions, the Gorny Badakhshan Autonomous Region and districts subordinate to the Republic are in a critical situation.
OSS and IIED, in conjunction with other institutions (UNESCO, CILSS, UMA, IGAD) have drawn up this tender for the work.
He believed this census would eventually prove to be a key step in the self-determination process, not only on the political track but also in the conceptual perception of Palestinian national development.
However, unreceived payments on account of debt servicing by the target country may take the form of discontinued or suspended delivery of critical commodities (e.g., Iraq’s outstanding foreign debt undertaken against future oil deliveries).
15. Electronic data-processing equipment.
250. There was agreement in the Committee on the continued importance and relevance of peacekeeping operations.
55. According to the Secretary-General, the Surface Transport Unit administers 10,000 vehicles worldwide (see A/52/837, annex I, para. 146), the Committee points out that, firstly, due to the decrease in the level of peacekeeping operations it is unlikely that the Unit will continue to administer the same number of vehicles in the 1998–1999 financial period.
106. WFP uses a participatory and bottom-up approach in all its interventions.
They stressed that Abolition 2000, an NGO with over 1,000 participating organizations, would be working tirelessly towards the goal of eliminating nuclear weapons.
(c) Liberalize their trade and payment systems and proceed judiciously with capital liberalization, as circumstances permit, to make possible, inter alia, the promotion of the investment climate;
The two leaders jointly declare the following:
6. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
The representative of Uzbekistan introduced draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.44/Rev.1.
The Governments of Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Germany, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, and the European Commission made contributions to the trust fund for the least developed countries.
Consideration may be given to the establishment of a task force of the international organizations present in the country, with a view to promoting and protecting the rights set forth in the Convention.
Reaffirming that all Member States have an obligation to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms as stated in the Charter of the United Nations and elaborated in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, Resolution 217 A (III).
In 1989, the unamortized value of UNICEF capital assets was expended against the 1988–1989 budget, resulting in a fully depreciated UNICEF capital asset account as of 31 December 1989.
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion of Part II sections 2, 3 and 4.
42. As part of UNHCU’s new integrated IDP assistance and protection programme, launched in August 1997 with the deployment of six IDP Coordinators in Government areas, serious efforts were undertaken by the United Nations to work with local authorities to find solutions to the specific problems facing IDP communities.
Over 90 per cent of coffee traded on the international market is in the form of green beans.
41. At the 21st meeting, on 2 November, the representative of South Africa, on behalf of the Member States that are members of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Relationship between disarmament and development” (A/C.1/53/L.27).
XXXIV, p. 355. Moreover, there was no significant difference with the rates of market share decline of leading firms in a control group; on the other hand, the fact that leading firms in those markets which the MMC had found to lack competition were no more successful in preserving their dominant positions than leading firms in other markets would indicate that the MMC’s intervention may have successfully facilitated competition.
The Comorian Government has undertaken a policy to promote the health of its population through adherence to various strategies, such as the 1978 Declaration of Alma Alta on primary health care as a basic strategy for the development of the health sector, and the Bamako initiative.
5. Renews its appeal to all Governments and to private institutions that have not yet contributed financially or otherwise to the Institute to give it their generous financial and other support, and urges the States that interrupted their voluntary contributions to consider resuming them in view of the successful restructuring and revitalization of the Institute;
Aetna charged total fees of $2.7 million in 1997, including $0.5 million for its network of providers.
82. For the relation between cocaine trafficking by sea (in containers or otherwise) and the rapid expansion of maritime trade between source, transit and destination regions, few reliable trade data are available and little information can be gained from an analysis of seizure reports.
(iii) That the report will normally refer to the gist of the testimony if it is accepted by the commission;
I. Reviewing the effects of sanctions on children
The strategic framework would especially embrace political, human rights, humanitarian and development activities aimed at promoting a durable peace and sustainable development.
71. As mentioned in the introduction to the present document, the theme of a trade efficiency assessment methodology is addressed in document TD/B/COM.3/10/Add.1.
b) UNDP would help the GM develop in consultation with concerned parties, approaches to facilitate the optimization of the use of existing resources.
Pursuant to paragraph 1 of Annex I to the Constitution, if a State not listed in any of those lists becomes a Member of UNIDO, the General Conference shall decide, after appropriate consultations, in which of those lists it is to be included.
Savings were also realized for travel due to the extensive use of the mission’s own resources to transport contingents to their home countries or port of departure.
(f) The United Nations country team and the theme groups consult with civil society representatives, donors and others on emerging strategic programme policy issues;
3. Negotiation of a protocol or another legal instrument.
22. The Commission considered that it might be useful to conduct such comparisons between the United Nations and United States of America every five years, and continue to use this approach in the context of the application of the Noblemaire principle.
Then the forces of injustice, aggression and expansionism would be unable to continue to make a mockery of political human rights, and individuals and peoples in the Middle East would be able to live in peace and enjoy opportunities for natural growth and development.
The King was apparently referring to comments by Mr. Netanyahu defending his reluctance to make further withdrawals from the West Bank on the grounds that this exposed Israel to security risks which could not be overlooked for the sake of a peace accord.
Recalling the dispatch in 1977 of a United Nations visiting mission to the Territory,
Osamu Murashita (Japan), National Police Agency of Japan
49. Regarding the methodology, he said that, although reasonably well defined, it required further refinement and testing.
(a) Elements related to strengthening the commitments in Article 4.2(a) and (b);
11. General law on cooperatives or the general section of a single law on cooperatives: A general law on cooperatives could form the basic element in legal provisions and the fundamental point of guidance for all judicial and administrative practice.
GC.7/Dec.16 PROGRAMME AND BUDGETS, 1998-1999
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom- mended by the First Committee in paragraph 11 of its report (A/52/596) (resolution 52/34)
However, no improvement has taken place to remove deficiencies identified by the Board, since its 1990–1991 audit, on the important issue of project management.
344. The Committee urges the Government to improve the collection and use of data disaggregated by sex, so that the strong factual basis for the picture of the de facto situation of women in all areas covered by the Convention may be maintained and measures targeted more carefully to specific groups.
77. In the area of urban development, UNDP participated and contributed substantially to various international events, such as an international forum on urban poverty held at Florence.
The "real" rate on the date of termination would have to be adjusted to take into account the margin factors referred to in paragraph 11 above, namely (a) administrative and other expenses, including investment costs, and (b) longevity and currency exchange contingencies.
(e) work together to ensure that European Union programmes take a greater interest in desertification issues.
The Sudan continued to account for more than half the world’s cases of guinea worm disease (dracunculiasis).
8 General Assembly resolution 49/92 of 19 December 1994.
The right to compensation may be exercised collectively, on behalf of groups of victims, under bilateral or multilateral agreements following an armed conflict.
III. Recommendations of the Second Committee
(b) Reports of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/161), A/53/326, A/53/386 and A/53/...; and (resolution 52/162), A/53/312.
For example, in collaboration with UNICEF and OAU, a report on African children will be produced, starting in 1999.
The debate on those sub-items is reflected in summary records IDB.18/SR.3, paragraphs 21 to 58, IDB.18/SR.4, paragraphs 1 to 89 and IDB.18/SR.5, paragraphs 1 to 6.
Original (A/52/799/Add.1 of 16 March 1998)
(h) Drug control, crime prevention and combating international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations;
The Administration informed the Board that no ex-gratia payments were made during the biennium 1996-1997. B. Management issues
6. A correction was made to paragraph 4 of the report of the Secretary-General.
The United Nations and OSCE worked together actively in monitoring and promoting human rights in the country, inter alia, through the activities of the International Police Task Force (IPTF) and the OSCE mission there.
The Web site of the Committee also provides cross-references to other Web sites of the United Nations system, including those of programmes and funds, dealing with the year 2000 issue.
The SBI approved the organization of the work as presented by the Vice-Chairman.
Secretary-General United Nations Conference on Trade and Development
Through AFWIC, innovative activities and strategies that respond to women’s practical and strategic needs in situations of displacement have been tested.
Direct internal calls can be made by dialling the access code “3” plus the last four digits shown in the directory.
The parameters included adequate and confirmed knowledge of a second official language, the granting of a within-grade salary increment at an accelerated rate of 10 and 20 months (as opposed to 12 and 24 months, respectively), as appropriate, and periodic retesting.
The report of the Phase IV Working Group is contained in the annex to document A/C.5/52/39.
In affected regions, countries and regional organizations should take immediate steps to stop the inflow of small arms and light weapons through increased cooperation, harmonization or transfer procedures, tighter border control and intelligence sharing.
The office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories, based in Gaza since 1994, was doing all it can to strengthen United Nations action and had provided emergency assistance in the face of adverse circumstances.
Caribbean Community (General Assembly resolution 46/8)
In 1996, cooperation agreements were signed with UNAIDS and WHO outlining areas where there were common interests and where collaborative efforts utilizing the comparative advantage of each party would be of mutual benefit.
Between 2010 and 2210 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired four 155-mm artillery shells and 120-mm mortar shells at outlying areas of Kafra and Yatar and the area around Sujud hill from their positions at Tall Ya`qub and Ksarat al-Urush and on Razlan hill.
390. In the light of decision 19/1 on the pre-session working group, the Committee decided that the pre-session working group for the twenty-first session should be treated in the same way as all other pre-session working groups, especially in regard to input from the specialized agencies and other bodies of the United Nations and non-governmental organizations.
Wishing to promote cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development,
Small and medium-size enterprises, particularly in LDCs, are left to deal with locally based institutions, of which a large percentage do not have acceptable international ratings and are part of an industry with a high rate of bank failures.
– The Dayton Agreement for Bosnia and Herzegovina must be implemented in full;
Procedures for monitoring the recommendations in reports on in-depth evaluations have been established for many years.
An introductory statement was made by the Coordinator and Chief of the World Decade for Cultural Development of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
(d) Exchange experience on procedures for the adoption of legislation and on the application of measures for combating and punishing illicit traffic in, and diversion of, precursors, including the use, where appropriate, of controlled deliveries;
28. Also requests the Secretary-General to present proposals on possible amendments to the Financial Regulations and Rules and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations in order to address issues of potential conflict of interest, such as the employment of former United Nations procurement officers by United Nations suppliers and vice versa;
Nowadays, many families spend most if not all of their income on food.
The global programme also involves research and analysis of various aspects of money-laundering, particularly in an international context, including areas such as bank secrecy, the role of financial centres, burden of proof in confiscation proceedings, and developments in legislation.
The Asian Development Bank is also financing ASYCUDA and DMFAS.
In an emergency, it may meet in special session, pursuant to a request addressed to its President by at least ten of its members and at the call of the Secretary-General.
The 187th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be convened on Wednesday, 15 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 6.
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Crime prevention and criminal justice” and to allocate it to the Third Committee.
Chargé d'affaires a.i. of Turkmenistan Ambassador, Permanent Representative
6. Approves, with effect from 1 April 1999, the arrangement recommended for the optional purchase of surviving spouses' benefits in respect of marriages after separation, in accordance with the provisions of the new article set out in annex XV to the report of the Board;a
In the area of education, there is opposition to the presence of Blacks at some institutions, even public ones.
Draft International Code of Conduct on 1985 the Transfer of Technology United Nations Multilateral Non-binding Not adopted
Paragraph 1 of the article should be replaced by provisions taken from article 6, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings, as follows:
Details of the deployment schedule of military and civilian personnel are contained in annex IV to the present report.
The Mission did not enter into financial commitment, however, and such requisitions involving more than $15 million were later cancelled;
10 June, in Kinshasa, execution of Mr. Sindanien.
65. In the Russian Federation and Ukraine, the World Bank has supported structural reforms aimed at sustained and predictable reductions in fiscal deficits.
Registry Registry functions, filing system and inquiries
(a) To accredit to the first session of the Conference of the Parties the non-governmental organizations previously accredited to sessions of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee for the elaboration of an International Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, particularly in Africa, as listed in annex I to the present decision;
The introduction of a viable and effective GHG trading system will require a high degree of coordinated action among participants in the scheme to ensure that a coherent, compatible and stable market emerges.
164. On 9 October, two Palestinians were arrested when 20 merchants tried to prevent Civil Administration officials from dismantling their stalls near Halhoul.
Should the Convention enter into force during 1998 or 1999, the Committee would be established in accordance with article 72 of the Convention.
14. Aggregate net resource flows to Africa have fluctuated relatively widely and show no underlying trend.
Accordingly, final expenditure figures of the cost to UNTSO of the support provided for the biennium 1996-1997, as well as the projected costs for the biennium 1998-1999, will be presented as an addendum to the present report.
The General Assembly, on the proposal of the representative of Chile, agreed not to have a separate vote on the tenth preambular paragraph of draft resolution O.
“6. The Council affirms its support for the principles and norms of international humanitarian law, and stresses the urgent need to ensure respect for and promotion of these principles and norms.
Increased delegation to the field missions in line with the suggestions detailed in annex D to the report of the High-level Group of Experts
An increase is also envisaged for activities related to the elimination of illicit crops, from $164,500 to $431,800.
[Annex B This Annex would only appear if the alternative of establishing differentiated commitments were adopted.
(vii) United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East: Supplement No. 5C (A/53/5/Add.3);
Nevertheless, the debate on these topics, strongly promoted by the media, reflects the unfolding of a climate of open communication and respect for public opinion.
15. Pursuant to the decision taken in January 1997 to enhance the sharing of information through electronic means, information technology experts met twice, under the chairmanship of OSCE, at Vienna in November 1997, and at Geneva in January 1998.
We absolutely consider that this is a question of not only national but also international security.
Special-purpose contributions are recorded as income when received. For special-purpose contributions received in advance, income is deferred to future periods as otherwise their exceptional size and nature would materially distort operational results and fund balances.
One speaker said that the medium of television needed more attention from the Department.
91. On 18 September, it was reported on Channel 1 of Israeli television that the GSS had arrested six members of a Hamas cell accused of planning an attack on a Jerusalem shopping mall and of plotting to kidnap Jerusalem Mayor Ehud Olmert and another unnamed figure.
Decision 455 (XLV): Review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD
Once again, the links to climate or specific sectors are unclear.
26. Following the floods in Somalia, cases of haemorrhagic fever associated with large numbers of livestock deaths were reported in southern Somalia and northern Kenya in December 1997.
The cost estimate relates to requirements for services provided by private contractors, including waste disposal, sewage, heating and air-conditioning and other engineering maintenance and related services, at an average cost of $2,000 per month.
74. On 3 April, the very day when, with the Democratic Republic of the Congo joining in the consensus, the declaration on the right and responsibility of individuals, groups and organs of society to promote and protect universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms (Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/7) was adopted, all non-governmental organizations in the field of human rights were required to register within three days.
“1. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the commitments and policies agreed upon in the Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries and the implementation of the International Development Strategy for the Fourth United Nations Development Decade;
Some general guiding principles were recalled: the General Assembly elected members to decide impartially and responsibly on matters under the ICSC statute; ICSC was a subsidiary organ of the General Assembly and of that body alone; members of ICSC were independent and respected their independence; the Commission’s decision-making authority was not negotiable and could not be compromised.
Skids, frameworks, cradles or other similar structures are acceptable.
Agenda items 40, 59, 71, 78, 79, 93, 94, 104 and 155
In its observations on communication No. 107/1981, the Human Rights Committee stated that the mother of a disappeared person was herself a victim: "The Committee understands the anguish and stress caused to the mother by the disappearance of her daughter and by the continuing uncertainty concerning her fate and whereabouts ...
Underlining the role of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs as the principal United Nations policy-making body on drug control issues, the leadership role and commendable work of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme as the main focus for concerted multilateral action, and the important role of the International Narcotics Control Board as an independent monitoring authority, as set out in the international drug control treaties,
Report of the Secretary-General on the revised estimates in respect of matters of which the Security Council is seized(A/C.5/52/24 and A/52/7/Add.6)
Buyers could provide valuable support in this regard.
Civilian-pattern The operational area of the demilitarized zone is a desert 240 km long and extends 10 km into Iraq and 5 km into Kuwait.
New foreign funding that became available in this period was mainly for electricity (US$ 158 million), water supply and sanitation (US$ 142 million) and management and implementation (US$ 121 million).
There are no specific comments on this in the comments of UNHCR.
United Nations Institute for Training and Research
Recurrent additions, improvements and repair of security installations (perimeter fences, gabions, bunkers, small shelters, observation posts).
Investment in staff development and training to provide staff with training and career support, is invaluable in furthering the development of the Organization’s substantive and managerial capacity and supporting performance management.
The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea states that it “obtained through [an] unofficial channel” “exit permission” to leave Iraq by paying a fee.
E/CN.4/1997/16 Report on the situation of human rights in the Palestinian territories occupied since 1967, submitted by Mr. Hannu Halinen, Special Rapporteur, pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1993/2 A
Repatriation of personnel in connection with the transition to MONUA
No provision is required for the use of the Waterkloof Air Force Base in South Africa, charges for which are waived by the host Government.
(iv) The dissemination and further development of national research into the nature, extent and climate change-related effects of aircraft emissions, and work on the scope for further reductions, should continue under the ICAO umbrella;
20. Reasonable assurance signifies a satisfactory level of confidence under given considerations of costs, benefits and risks.
By its resolution 1145 (1997) of 19 December 1997 the Council noted the termination of UNTAES on 15 January 1998 and established, with effect from 16 January 1998, the Civilian Police Support Group for a single period of up to nine months.
It had before it the report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/48).
Human resource development is low and skilled labour and entrepreneurial capacity remain weak.
64. The Advisory Committee notes the standardization of vehicles under systems procurement contracts for 1998-1999 for all peacekeeping missions.
1. Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by the Convention and which has informed the Permanent Secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Conference of the Parties as an observer may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present at the session object.
13. The Centre enclosed information regarding treaties that constitute legal barriers to the development, possession, use or transfer, as the case may be, of chemical, biological and nuclear weapons; and an excerpt from the recent advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice concerning the legality of the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons (see annex).
4. Decides to revert to the following issues, inter alia, related to the Commission: its working methods, including the respective roles of the Commission and its secretariat, the selection and appointment of members of the Commission, members and the role of the Commission in the review process in the context of its consideration of the recommendation by the Secretary-General for the review of the Commission at the resumed fifty-third session of the General Assembly;
(e) Joint implementation projects can be undertaken by two or more Parties;
Information should also be provided on the number and cost of all contracts – including all staff costs irrespective of the source of funding – for systems, identification of needs and system design, development and implementation.
Item 141 Financing of the United Nations Support Mission in Haiti
ALTERNATIVE APPROACHES FOR IMPROVING THE EFFECTIVE ENJOYMENT OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS
The following is the breakdown of inter-fund balances receivable as at 31 December 1997 appearing in statement VI (in United States dollars):
The list of attendees should be submitted by Monday, 10 November, to Ms. Glenda San Pedro (fax: 963-0952).
and prevention of financial crisis (agenda item 4) 7
At 1230 hours the militia of the minion Lahad directed several bursts of fire at Wadi Mimis from its position on Zimriya hill.
The Committee also recommends that, especially because of the distance from the capital and the region's proximity to neighbouring States, consideration be given to establishing an independent mechanism to monitor and investigate human rights abuses in Casamance, and that persons found responsible for violations of rights be brought to justice and the victims compensated.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
Germany - Immediate aid measures for implementation of the FCCC:
The estimate was calculated at the rate of $3,400 per person/month and includes a hazard duty station supplement of $400, which is payable subject to the approval of compensation for service in hazardous duty stations.
The decision to revise the programme structure by streamlining the existing subprogrammes from 10 to 7 in order to increase efficiency and optimize use of resources and, at the same time, to reflect activities to assist least developed, landlocked and island developing countries and countries with economies in transition in all the subprogrammes was welcomed.
The Committee, however, notes with regret that the data in the report were not up to date.
Item 51. Letter dated 23 April 1992 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/23833);
22. Air traffic control services and equipment.
“7. Requests the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to include in its preparation for the upcoming multilateral trade negotiations issues related to commodities, including financing of commodity diversification, for the consideration of the Conference at its tenth session, to be held in Thailand in 2000;
Rapporteur: Mr. Uladzimir Gerus (Belarus)
Subparagraph (c) follows in principle article 7, paragraph 1 (e), of the Vienna Convention.
It further considers that the Third Conference of the Parties (COP III), to be held in December 1997 in Kyoto, Japan will constitute an appropriate forum for the finalization of this demand.
Monitoring includes addressing audit findings and recommendations reported by their internal and external auditors to determine what corrective actions are needed.
First (1981) and second (1982) sessions of the Ad Hoc Committee on the Drafting of an International Convention Against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries.
2. The Tribunal found that staff regulation 4.4 was the legal rule applicable in the case.
During the attack, property was damaged but no one was injured.
In order fully to comply with Assembly decisions and resolutions concerning United Nations activities in Africa, it was emphasized that reference should be made in the future in all United Nations documents to the implementation of the New Agenda through the Special Initiative on Africa.
2. The conflicts of today highlight, on the one hand, the need for a comprehensive and integrated approach towards certain practical disarmament measures, particularly with regard to small arms and light weapons, and, on the other hand, further initiatives in the area of conventional arms control/limitation and disarmament.
It welcomed these positive developments in Bougainville, and commended all members involved in bringing about peace and normalcy on the island.
A UNHCR/NGO Consultation precedes the Executive Committee meeting.
This illegal, provocative act comes at a time of increasing tension and conflict in the city, including the criminal activities of Israeli settlers.
List of States parties to the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 as at 31 July 1998
(e) Preventing human rights violations: prevention of mass and grave human rights violations is the way to effectively avert large-scale suffering of people and many conflicts that result in new violations of human rights.
The Office agrees that procurement performance indicators would be a valuable instrument for the management of staff and the improvement of purchasing in the integrated operations teams.
43. In paragraph 17 of its report dated 8 May 1997 (A/51/892), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions expressed the view that additional measures needed to be taken to effect control over payments of and accounting for a variety of allowances, including mission subsistence and clothing allowances.
The Technical Subgroup of the Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Informatics will meet, under the chairmanship of H.E. Mr. Ahmad Kamal (Pakistan), on Tuesday, 25 November 1997, at 11 a.m. sharp in Conference Room A.
It is an important part of UNDCP strategy to actively involve other agencies in UNDCP drug-control efforts in Afghanistan by promoting the channelling of their assistance to opium-growing areas and the incorporation of drug components into relevant projects of those agencies.
In the light of comments made during informal inter-sessional consultations, item 8 will be considered under agenda item 3, as explained above.
At its fourth session, the SBSTA requested the secretariat to explore ways to enhanceco-ordination on relevant methodological activities, for example, on the monitoring of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere with the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), and to advise the SBSTA on these activities.
123. The Board recommends that UNPREDEP bring its stock records up to date in respect of supplies and materials and review its stock levels and make arrangements for the cost-effective disposal of any items considered to be surplus to needs.
The site contains all relevant information related to the event, including guidelines for the use of the logo and the basic information kits published by the Office on the occasion of the anniversary.
Sponsors of the First National Drug Abuse Prevention Campaign, Brazil
1. UNICEF is mandated by the United Nations General Assembly to advocate for the protection of children’s rights, to help meet their basic needs and to expand their opportunities to reach their full potential.
El Salvador, France, Israel, Monaco, Nicaragua, Poland, the Russian Federation, the Solomon Islands, Ukraine and Turk-menistan joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The first meeting of the International Steering Committee for the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth will be con-vened at Headquarters, in cooperation with the United Nations, under the Chairmanship of H.E. Mr. Antonio Jose Martins Seguro, Secretary of State for Youth of the Republic of Portugal, from 14 to 16 October 1997.
In addition to major drug seizures made by certain countries mentioned in section A above, further details on seized amounts by country will be contained in a conference room paper on seizures of illicit drugs.
ARRANGEMENTS FOR INTERGOVERNMENTAL MEETINGS
Our society will find this goal quite feasible.
(b) The value of pending arbitration claims against peacekeeping operations should be disclosed in the notes to the financial statements in accordance with the requirements of the United Nations accounting standards, since these claims constitute contingent liabilities;
Concern was expressed about the possible duplication of activities related to dissemination of information with those entrusted to the Department of Public Information under subprogramme 6.3.
The same was true with respect to Parties reporting on the estimated effects of policies and measures on N2O emissions, but for several Parties emission reductions came from only one sector.
Whether described as jus cogens or a fundamental principle of law, the right to compensation as a principle of customary international law is binding on all States.
7. Calls upon Governments to take appropriate measures to address the root factors, including external factors, that encourage trafficking in women and girls for prostitution and other forms of commercialized sex, forced marriages and forced labour, so as to eliminate trafficking in women, including by strengthening existing legislation with a view to providing better protection of the rights of women and girls and to punishing perpetrators, through both criminal and civil measures;
2. Elimination of coercive economic measures as a means of political and economic compulsion: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/343 and Add.1) [35].
2. The membership of the Security Council should be expanded to at least 26.
329. The Committee notes with satisfaction the establishment of a governmental mechanism to follow up and implement the commitments of the Platform for Action.
In other cases the lack of drug-free treatment services in clinical facilities motivated Governments to authorize the prescription of narcotic drugs to deal with the increasing number of drug addicts.
As such they may be challenged by other States parties.
The centres used the relevant articles of the Declaration as the subject of seminars, student rallies, exhibits, television and radio programmes and countless speaking engagements by centre directors.
The overall effort, as measured by the ratio of ODA to GNP of DAC member countries to developing countries, has fallen for five consecutive years, from 0.33 per cent in 1992 to 0.22 per cent in 1997, its lowest level ever.
21. Thailand’s Bank of Agriculture and Agricultural Cooperatives serves approximately 1 million micro-borrowers and 3.6 million micro-savers.
140. In addition to its mainstream development activities and resources, UNDP engages in special development activities designed to bridge humanitarian assistance with rehabilitation and recovery.
Between 0100 and 0200 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired several bursts of medium automatic-weapons fire in all directions.
At 1600 hours Israeli forces fired seven 105-mm shells at outlying areas of Yatar, Mansuri and Majdal Zun from their positions at Tall Ya`qub.
It had before it the report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/52/42) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/53/7/Add.9).
As of July 1998, it has obtained more than $275 million in bilateral contributions on pledges from 15 countries.
I urge that this appeal to help African countries to escape from the debt trap be given the most serious consideration.
Proposals received by the secretariat by 15 February 1997 will be made available in a miscellaneous document.
The two secretariats would be defining a coordinated programme of work designed to benefit the transition economies.
Labelling requirements differ among markets.
3. Expresses its deep concern that Israel did not comply with General Assembly resolution 51/233;
(b) In operative paragraph 8 (former paragraph 6 bis), the square brackets around the paragraph and the words "operational and substantive" before the word "requirements" were deleted;
131. The General Assembly, in its resolution 43/222 B of 21 December 1988, had decided to retain the Committee on Conferences as a permanent subsidiary organ.
36. The Economic and Social Council should focus on improving the effectiveness of the functional commissions, including their role as instruments for conference follow-up, through better working methods and harmonization of their multi-year work programmes.
There are, however, a range of policy and operational measures that also need the support of the donor community.
New jurisdictions that have enacted legislation based on the Model Law: Kyrgyzstan and Slovakia;
In addition, 48 security personnel (3 supervisors and 45 guards) were deployed in Lobito to protect the residential and office premises, airport and sea port facilities and the transit and engineering camps.
Reliable export control of military technologies and dual-use technologies is one of the highest priorities of State policy in ensuring the national security of the Russian Federation.
The staff assessment requirements provided for under budget line item 19 have been credited to this item as income from staff assessment and are credited to the Tax Equalization Fund established by the General Assembly in its resolution 973 A (X) of 5 December 1955.
Methodologies for estimating anthropogenic emissions by sources and removals by sinks of all greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol shall be those accepted by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and agreed upon by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention at its third session.
Note 7. Non-convertible currencies pending United States dollar credit from UNDP
“6. Notes that vaccines provide some of the most effective means of preventing disease and that vaccine development, although now made more feasible by multiple developments in the field of biotechnology, remains a difficult and long-term task highly deserving of increased financial support;
The recruitment of secondary school students as health ambassadors in training programmes on common adolescent health matters is also noted with great interest.
7. The major purpose of the standardized instrument, as expressed by its designers, was to contribute to a broad effort to develop a set of specific measures for the purpose of facilitating the reduction of military expenditures.
This would be more cost-effective and ensure independence from outside contractors.
For example, the Komi, Nentsi and Saami people often herded reindeer together within the cooperative structure of the farm.
Many measures may now seem obvious and routine, but each instance of theft reinforces the need to install the maximum physical protection possible.
C. Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s . 36
Measures such as investment and export subsidies for specific industries or enterprises, domestic content rules and export balancing provisions will have to be phased out, and the setting of conditions for fostering the transfer and application of patented technologies will become much more stringent.
For example, activities of housing cooperatives are regulated by the law of 1956 and the special law of 1981, which provide some privileges of tax and fees exemption.
An independent monitoring mechanism, national and/or international, should guarantee the full implementation of those rights.
The Commission expressed its appreciation to the Committee for its willingness to embark on that important and far-reaching project, for which few or no precedents existed at the international level; the Commission was looking forward to being apprised of the progress of the work and to considering the opinions and suggestions resulting from it.
134. Financing of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda
Promote Sustainable Development, Particularly in Meeting the Objectives of MEAs Meeting of Experts on Trade and Investment 3-5 November
The system calls for the identification of priorities and/or needs, the statement of objectives in precise and verifiable terms, including indicators of achievement as appropriate, and the description of outputs and activities in the programme planning and formulation phases.
1. Financing of the United Nations Angola Verification Mission [123]
The need for such States to abrogate bank secrecy laws with regard to suspicious financial transactions and to enact and enforce comprehensive legislation against money-laundering and in favour of asset forfeiture is crucial to the effective implementation of the international drug control treaties.
When these distinct areas of responsibility under the Fund's Regulations are appropriately recognized, all the tasks and duties assigned in the Fund's Regulations to the Board, the Secretary and the Secretary-General can be carried out effectively and efficiently, for the ultimate benefit of the Fund's participants and beneficiaries worldwide.
Both workshops successfully met their stated objectives.
An overview of this contribution, which is referred to as the “Bonn Fund”, is contained in table 6 of document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.7.
(i) To request the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to finalize the strategy and plan for technical cooperation before the end of 1996, in consultation with member States, on the basis of the relevant Midrand decisions and the proposals in his report (TD/B/43/7) and comments thereon, taking into account also the views of member States on trends in, and the content of, UNCTAD's 1995 technical cooperation programme provided through the above-mentioned consultative process;
It further claimed that the policy was against the “open bridges” procedures which existed for 30 years, under which residents of East Jerusalem could reside abroad for a long period or move beyond the Green Line without the risk of losing their status as permanent residents with Israeli identity cards.
(b) Governments could be provided with a basic software program for completing the matrix that does not require overly sophisticated hardware to operate.
This is an occasion for the world to speak up against the unspeakable.
Most tea is traded internationally in bulk.
[(a) To assist the COP in assessing the overall aggregated effect of the steps taken by the Parties, in accordance with Article 10.2; and]
Of this total, 32 per cent were sentenced to death and 32 per cent received life sentences.
This Agreement shall be applied provisionally from the date of its signature together with the Protocol mentioned in article 1 of this Agreement, and shall enter into force on the date of the last written notification of the completion by the Parties of their domestic procedures necessary for its entry into force.
The valuation results were highly dependent upon the actuarial assumptions used.
A set of additional coherent measures must be articulated in the area of trade liberalization.
"1. Everyone has duties to the community in which alone the free and full development of his personality is possible.
On their part, the Fund secretariat and the Investment Management Service must continuously strive for greater efficiency, effectiveness and economy in their respective operations.
Within the context of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, a two-year project on global warming, funded by the Global Environment Facility (GEF), was initiated in August 1997.
At this writing, the political spokesperson for the KLA has announced that two State news agency journalists abducted in mid-October are alive and being interrogated about their activities.
The representative of Belgium made a statement.
How effective are incentives compared to other promotional activities?
37. For the Office of the Prosecutor, staffing requirements for 1999 comprise 382 posts (246 Professional and 136 General Service), including the addition of 104 posts (63 Professional and 41 General Service) (ibid., tables 7 and 8).
"It would appear that the end of the nineteenth and the end of the twentieth centuries have more in common than just globalization and convergence.
Mr. Ramón Luis Crespi Marrero, Agricultores Pro-Estadidad
Curricula vitae of candidates nominated by
14. Financial services relating to peacekeeping matters are carried out by the Peacekeeping Financing Division.
18. The defence called its first witness on 17 November 1997.
7. Requests the Secretary-General to submit a preliminary report, in accordance with the existing mandates of the General Assembly, on possible arrangements for post-conflict rehabilitation and reconstruction, as well as on the transition from relief to development, maintaining the distinct nature of both activities, for consideration by the relevant Main Committees of the General Assembly and intergovernmental bodies;
175. The Special Committee arrives at the following conclusions and makes the following recommendations.
(d) Supporting the formulation of national policies promoting private-sector development, including SMEs and privatization issues
Delegations are kindly requested to submit names and curricula vitae, indicating the specific panel for which they are being proposed, to the Division for the Advancement of Women (DC2-1216), no later than today, 31 October 1997.
The lists of speakers for all items allocated to the Third Committee are open for inscription by delegations.
These projects aim at providing support mainly to African countries in the formulation of national competition law and policy and consumer protection legislation and the establishment of competition and consumer protection authorities.
1. The present rules shall govern the financial administration of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa, its subsidiary bodies and the permanent secretariat.
Aware of the extent of the stakes involved, the French Armaments Office (DGA), France Télécom, CNES and the industrial contractors (Matra Marconi Space, Aérospatiale and Alcatel Espace) have pooled their efforts to propose a technological programme able to enhance the competitiveness of the French industrial firms.
When the payroll system is incorporated in IMIS, the current lag between the moment when a service is performed and when the staff concerned are paid will shorten.
The draft decision entitled “Personnel and related financial implications of the proposed budget reductions” (GC.7/CRP.7) was adopted for recommendation to the plenary.
Another issue is that economic reforms do not stand alone.
The European Union reiterates its firm commitment to a just and comprehensive settlement in the Middle East based on the Madrid and Oslo accords.
If the goals of this revitalization are to be clearly understood, a culture of communication must pervade the entire Organization.
Other States within the region of the Subcommission that are in a legal position to do so are encouraged to provide similar assistance and information to other member States on shipments through their territories and territorial waters (involving mainly transit States).
(d) The rapid expansion of the Internet, which will have far-reaching consequences on the ways in which individuals and enterprises access and provide information, in particular for the purpose of business transactions.
Daily radio news bulletins in English, French, Spanish and Portuguese are relayed via telephone lines and the Internet to hundreds of broadcasters in Africa and Latin America.
XIV. Proposals on decision-making in the Security Council and the veto right, submitted by Germany, dated 21 April 1998: voting rights of the existing permanent members
3. The eighth session of the Ad Hoc Group on the Berlin Mandate (AGBM) will be opened by the Chairman at 10.00 a.m. on Wednesday, 22 October 1997.
4.2.4.2.5 Determination of the appropriate portable tank instructions
Informal consultations on the draft resolution on the Inter- national Law Commission
Many activities had to be curtailed and others subsumed under other relevant activities.
(a) The United Nations accounts are maintained in accordance with the Financial Regulations of the United Nations as adopted by the General Assembly, the rules formulated by the Secretary-General as required under the regulations and administrative instructions issued by the Under-Secretary-General for Administration and Management or the Controller.
(a) Unutilized obligations from prior periods and other adjustments
In addition, the SBI may wish to authorize the Executive Secretary to notify the Parties by 1 October 1997 of their indicative contributions due to the core budget for 1998 on the basis of the recommended budget decision; to recommend that the COP take note of funding requirements outside of the core programme budget; and to recommend to the COP the levels of remuneration of the Executive Secretary and the other senior posts during the coming biennium.
Substantive support has also been provided to programme countries for engaging national partners in a dialogue on the policy and institutional framework for poverty reduction and for the conduct of poverty surveys and assessments.
Staff members residing in France enjoy none of the privileges and immunities that they would enjoy under the relevant host country agreement with Switzerland, except for income tax on United Nations salaries.
The AFWIC model provides training to promote gender-sensitive and gender-inclusive responses to conflict resolution and peace.
19. A new rule 12.2 would be added, to read as follows:
Indeed, the programme has enabled former fellows to participate more effectively in regional and global efforts in the field of disarmament and, by creating an informal network spanning the various regions of the world, to work cooperatively and constructively in the pursuance of disarmament and arms limitation goals.
Portable power set Bench grinders Cordless rechargeable drill
AFICS Association of Former International Civil Servants
The COP 1 will be convened and hosted by the Government of the Italian Republic in accordance with INCD decision 9/3; with Article 22, paragraph 4 of the Convention and General Assembly resolution 51/180 of 16 December 1996.
This is related to the addition of AGBM support and secretariat-wide administration to the I+P work programme (neither of which was envisaged when the original programme budget was put together).
22. Although the mass return home of Rwandan refugees from the Congo and the United Republic of Tanzania largely ended in early 1997, a number of serious issues affecting separated children remain.
Assessed contributions unpaida (schedule 43.1)
The organization mobilizes political will and material resources to help countries, particularly developing countries, to ensure a “first call for children” and to build their capacity to form appropriate policies and deliver services for children and their families.
Future trade negotiations should take these issues into account with a view to securing further broad-based trade liberalization for the benefit of everyone.
With funding from its regular budget, FAO facilitated the preparatory work in data collection and the formulation of the draft project document.
112. The Committee commends the establishment of national machinery as well as other bodies for achieving the goal of gender equality.
Draft decisions recommended by the SBI at its seventh session
A collaborative project of the Division for the Advancement of Women of the United Nations Secretariat, UNIFEM, and the International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women (INSTRAW), WomenWatch is the Internet gateway to United Nations information on women’s empowerment and gender mainstreaming.
By submission of 22 September 1997, Panama provided information in respect of the Committee's Views in cases Nos. 289/1988 (Wolf) and 473/1991 (Del Cid).
If social protections are available only to the urban minority, and lack of access overall translates into a practical lack of rights, development can only be a relative term.
Chapter 6.6: Requirements for the design, construction, inspection and testing of portable tanks
Different points of view on this question continued to be expressed at the fifth session of SBI.
Israel is determined to maintain his legacy, especially the pursuit of peace.
(g) The Security Council should make full use of proposals and/or information received in meetings with troop-contributing countries.
1 The Web site has the following title “Democratization and Governance: International Conferences on New or Restored Democracies”, and can be found at the following address: http://www.undp.org/undp/governance.
The achievements of the Middle East peace process since 1993 promised new opportunities for the revival and development of the Palestinian economy.
To date, seven groups have been resettled – one of them partly – making a total of 1,320 people belonging to 346 families.
The special accounts for programme support costs are shown separately from the extrabudgetary funds from which their income derives.
Australia holds a long-standing and well-deserved reputation as a leading international player on arms control issues.
The Republic of Hungary has free trade agreements with
(= “expectation” of new mission support requirement) Given the known cost of operating the Base for one year, $6.3 million, the revised cost-utility ratio for it then becomes:
Document: Report of the Secretary-General: Advisory Board on Disarmament Matters(resolution 38/183 O), A/53/222.
461. While encouraged by the existence of national debate, the Committee is worried at the lack of an independent body to monitor observance of human rights, particularly the rights of the child.
With a view to strengthening the monitoring and catalytic capacities of the Commission and allowing the Commission to adequately fulfil its objectives, functions and responsibilities as set out in paragraph 222 of the Habitat Agenda, the following measures could be envisaged:
At the Panel’s request, the secretariat consulted the Commission’s claims databases and dockets and determined that there was a potential overlap between several of the Claims and certain category “C” claims.
With regard to the position of the Government of Sweden on the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries, the letter states as follows:
Add a cross reference to the entry for thiourea dioxide as follows:
66. The Special Representative wishes to recognize the contributions of the Human Rights Field Operation to the promotion and protection of human rights in Rwanda.
It is suggested that the head of the Secretariat be authorized, under that rule, to make transfers between lines up to an aggregate limit of 15 per cent of the core budget, while not reducing any line by more than 25 per cent.
263. On 20 October, it was reported that the Hebron police had opened a file against a former Kach leader, a settler from Tel Rumeideh, on charges of attacking a Palestinian resident of Hebron.
It raised a range of issues, some of which were dealt with by individual organizations and some taken up by the mid-term review.
1-3 August Asmara Subregional consultation for the implementation of the CCD in Eastern
4. Pursuant to resolution 8/8 of the Commission, provision has been made for a pledging meeting in the plenary on Tuesday, 29 April, for announcements of voluntary contributions to the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development on world commodity trends and prospects (A/53/606/Add.3, para. 7)
(b) The role of the media in the context of democratization in Central Africa
The accounts kept by the special financial year mentioned above are formally reported and audited on a yearly basis in accordance with financial regulations 11.1 and 11.4;
97. The Board considers that early resolution of this matter is required.
The Special Committee was informed that two months ago a seriously ill person from the Gaza Strip had died at a border crossing into Israel.
34. The Office of the Spokesman for the Secretary-General continues to support the Secretary-General in his media functions, including press interviews, press conferences and other media appearances.
All managers should realize that a strong internal control structure is fundamental to their control of the organization, its purpose, operations and resources.
Based on fuel consumption of 20 litres daily per vehicle.
Protection of children affected by armed conflict
19. Mr. Rodríguez expressed hope that the Executive Committee, through its conclusions and decisions, would continue to contribute to the creation of norms and principles that would lead to greater efficacy in addressing the problem of displacement around the world.
The results of the study would be pub-lished and distributed to potential investors, and disseminated through special workshops in both least developed countries and donor countries.
18. In addition, the World Bank has been fostering resource mobilization in Africa through sectoral investment programmes (SIPs), using existing donor coordination mechanisms.
Maps 1. Geographical distribution of countries and territories providing reports to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme in 1995 5
174. The United States indicated that, since its 1997 report to the Secretary-General, it had undertaken additional important steps to reduce fish discards and by-catch in domestic and international fisheries.
It was particularly encouraged by the willingness expressed by States parties to the Convention to use the reporting system on its implementation as an ongoing process designed to improve the situation of children.
At 1740 hours the Lahad militia fired 81-mm shells at Wadi Bisri.
Present-day trends in economics and society worldwide are entirely different and require a rethinking of economic, social and cultural rights.
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.42 and 43).
These unfounded allegations made by the Greek Cypriot side are aimed at upholding the myth that it has sovereignty and jurisdiction over Cyprus as a whole.
In the merits phase, Iraq has not referred to the amount of US$118,102,262.67, but would appear to have limited its verification effort to the amount put forward by Egypt.1.
B. Proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001
B. Willem C. Vis International Commercial Arbitration Moot
(a) Designation of intergovernmental bodies for the purposes of rule 76 of the rules of procedure of the Board
As discussed below, quantities under the first purchase order were reduced from the 2.6 million litres requested originally to 1.015 million litres because of funding constraints.
Among those, it continued an ongoing semester-long programme with the School of International and Public Affairs at Columbia University and hosted the annual conferences of both the National High-School and the National College Model United Nations, each drawing over 2,000 young people to Headquarters.
At 1530 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at Jabal al-Rafi` and Jabal Safi from Ksarat al-Urush.
b Participated in the thirty-first session, 29 June–1 July 1998.
4. The working group had before it the working paper prepared by Mr. Hatano, which was introduced by the author.
The normal practice of a preparatory body for a major United Nations conference, analogous to the special session of the General Assembly, is to maintain its officers throughout the period of activity of the preparatory process in order to ensure continuity with respect to its work.
In addition, the Palestinian experience in making strategic development planning shows, so far, the inability of implementing those plans owing to Israel's policies and its refusal to implement the political and economic agreements with the Palestinians.
The responsibility of States under international law in these cases is rather vague and even, in some cases, symbolic, and the task of determining the responsibility of individuals participating in the acts constituting a breach of international obligations is usually left up to the violating State.
External aid, proportionately, remains high in comparison with the economic weight of the country and its population.
The SBSTA considered this item at its 1st, 3rd and 4th meetings, on20, 24 and 28 October, respectively.
(b) In section III, operative paragraph 12, the words “individuals who sexually exploit or abuse children” were replaced by the words “individuals who sexually exploit or sexually abuse children”;
The Government should also consider developing an “equal pay for work of comparable value” strategy, and reinstate respective legislation.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 54, and of the Security Council.
On 16 December 1997, the won was floated.
71. ECE, fifty-third session [Economic and Social Council resolution 36 (IV)]
If required, reservations for hotel rooms can be arranged by:
SIDER THE FIGHT AGAINST THE ILLICIT PRODUCTION, SALE, DEMAND, TRAFFIC
This will ensure that effective and appropriate solutions are identified and implemented in a timely manner.
OIOS notes, however, that this definition excludes staff members who have attained the retirement age, but for some reason are not in receipt of a monthly United Nations pension benefit.
In some countries public institutions are being sold off to the private sector and new private institutions are replacing or augmenting them.
Should there be no offer at that time, the SBI may recommend to COP 3 that COP 4 be held in Bonn, the seat of the secretariat, in accordance with draft rule 3 of the draft rules of procedure, as applied. Annex I
The Committee also recommends that the Government take note of the importance of non-governmental organizations in increasing public awareness and countering traditional stereotypes of women.
The frequency of subsequent communications under this Article shall be determined by the Meeting of the Parties.
Reaffirming that Parties should take precautionary measures to anticipate, prevent, or minimize the causes of climate change and mitigate its adverse effects and that, where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty should not be used as a reason for postponing such measures,
Guidelines for national plans of action for human rights education
They also exchanged words with Orient House officials.
(f) Guidance on financial support measures which run counter to the objectives of the Convention.
4. The period under review witnessed wide fluctuations in the military balance on the ground, with the Taliban taking control of most of northern and central Afghanistan, which used to be under the control of the United Front (UF).
Between 2100 and 2230 hours some 35 illumination flares fired from the occupied strip were seen over the area around the Zimriya crossing.
Voluntary contributions from Governments and the European Community accounted for $296.9 million of total income, or 93.6 per cent (see annex I, table 11).
12. Another clear manifestation of a common approach is the recent implementation of the United Nations Common Supplier Database.
Digital files of maps, together with accompanying documents, will also be available in the optical disk system.
9. The appearance of impartiality of members of the Committee should not be affected by their connection with Governments.
1. The present addendum reports on subsequent developments in procurement since the issuance of document A/53/271.
In addition to the four above-mentioned modules, a fifth module, covering precursor control in the central Asian States, was approved at the annual ministerial meeting, held at Almaty, Kazakhstan, on 11 and 12 September 1997.
186. On 16 September, IDF troops imposed a curfew around midnight on Kafr Tekoa in the West Bank and arrested 17 Palestinians as part of their operational activities against Islamic organizations.
Revolving Fund (Information) (statement VIII) 214 522
76. If NGOs are to continue making a meaningful contribution to the work of the United Nations, it is crucial that their access to information and documentation be secured in a timely and appropriate manner.
The offences committed in the above-mentioned areas affect some very sensitive economic sectors.
Obviously these discussions are absolutely beyond the practical scope of a study on income distribution and human rights.
67. Some activities have been extraordinary in their scale and impact.
Vice-Chairmen: Mr. Youri Afanassiev (Russian Federation)
10. The Sixth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
7. Also at its 68th meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.56, as orally revised and amended, without a vote (see para. 8).
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
Thus, certain specific measures undertaken in the case of the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia are not really applicable to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, and vice versa.
The proposal made by the representative of Sudan was still in contradiction to what had been decided.
“negative clearances” under article 18 (1), authorization of concentrations,
The view was expressed that the involvement of the Bretton Woods institutions was an important aspect of the overall coordination of development aid in Africa.
Accordingly, it has supported the communiqués issued by the European Union, the Rio Group and the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries in connection with this matter and, on the basis of these same considerations, has taken a very clear position on the Helms-Burton Act within the Organization of American States.
According to Mr. Levi, all of the lands which had been “added” to the settlements were located within the Local Council’s boundaries.
4. Indigenous community background and links should be regarded as favourable.
79. The Police Academy, for its part, continued the retraining of former members of the National Police and Treasury Guard and the training of new police recruits.
4. The Committee expresses great concern over reports of ethnic violence occurring in the north-west of the country and along the border with the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
FINANCING OF THE UNITED NATIONS OBSERVER MISSION IN ANGOLA
A recent strategy paper for technical assistance grants is recommending that between 30-40% of this be devoted to desertification-related activities for the next five years.
Implementation of the resolutions and decisions of the Commission on Human Settlements at its fifteenth session: report of the Executive Director (HS/C/16/2/Add.1) - for decision
Also in 1997, within the context of UNDAF, WFP was designated as the coordinating agency for the UNDAF theme groups on disaster management and staff development as well as for the sub-group on telecommunications and information technology.
Furthermore, the State party should strengthen the human and financial capacity of the various governmental institutions promoting children's rights.
A draft resolution for the consideration of the General Assembly is contained in annex XVI.
(k) to produce souvenirs of the COP 1 (e.g. note pads, pens, diaries).
In compliance with the mandate given by the General Assembly in December 1997, I am therefore informing you of the closure of the unit in El Salvador, despite the fact that some aspects of the peace accords remain pending.
58. Preparatory Committee for the Review Conference of the States Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons in the year 2000, third session [General Assembly resolution 51/45 A]
4. In paragraph 2 of its resolution 35/218, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to keep the rates of honorariums under review and to report thereon to the Assembly when, in his judgement, their revision by the Assembly might be warranted.
Palestinians maintained that the Oslo Accords stipulated that all experimental farms in the territories had to be handed over to them.
(ii) Rendering of expert and advisory services and support for the creation, improvement and expansion of the regulatory mechanisms and institutional arrangements for equitable deployment of housing resources with special attention to the poor and disadvantaged;
All the work in this field will be organized on the basis of the Agreement on the Creation of Equal Conditions for the Economic Entities of the Russian Federation and Belarus and the Protocol thereto.
Following decentralization of the registration database in previous reporting periods, a pilot version of the field social study system (FSS) was installed in the West Bank field in October 1997, ahead of full installation in all fields in late 1998.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution without a vote.
They led to the better definition of the work to be performed by the contractor, the clarification of warranty provisions, the redefinition of deliverables to the United Nations and an improved monitoring system for invoices (see annex IV, recommendations (f) and (g); and annex V, requests 9 and 10).
The next meeting of the ad hoc informal open-ended support group to assist the Commission for Social Development in the preparations for the International Year of Older Persons will take place on Friday, 5 December 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 8.
2. Training and research: United Nations Institute for Training and Research [100] (A/52/367, A/52/492)
He also indicated that it could have been a “work accident”.
Further provision could be also made for monitoring the sanctions effects and introducing adjustments, as appropriate.13 Exemptions
87. In order to facilitate the consultations on the intended approach to that assessment, and on the basis of the general discussions and comments of delegates during the current session, the Acting Chairman presented a paper, without prejudice to the position of any delegation, which is annexed to the report of the Special Committee (A/AC.109/L.1886).
11.2 The Governing Council had approved in 1995 a Fund programme activities budget for the biennium 1996-1997 at a level of $90 million.
The representative of the United Republic of Tanzania, on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document, introduced the draft resolution.
In a world of globalization and liberalization, the incidence and scope of RBPs having effects in more than one country should continue to increase, strengthening the need for international cooperation in this area.
Copies of that overview will be made available during the Commissions’s session.
Of that amount, $276 million was part of the Sudan’s dues under the second and third Lomé Conventions, whereas $121 million has been allocated to support the Sudan’s structural adjustment programme.
Any and all financial obligations arising from the meeting or event shall be the sole responsibility of the sponsoring mission.
Gross domestic product per capita growth;
This task has been outsourced to the global internally displaced person survey, a project of the Norwegian Refugee Council.
34. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Economic Cooperation Organization
Having expressed its serious concern about the situation in Algeria on numerous occasions, the European Union hopes that the panel’s mission will contribute to a better understanding of the complex situation and that it will respond to the need for information of the international community.
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
Aluminium and aluminium alloys used in the construction of shells shall have an elongation at fracture, in %, of not less than 10,000/6Rm with an absolute minimum of 12 %.
WWF believed that the issue was worthy of special note in the report of the Secretary-General to the General Assembly and that such “chronic violations of United Nations resolutions” ought to be documented and exposed so that national authorities, whether they be the Chinese in relation to the North Pacific/Bering Sea activities, or others in that region or elsewhere, who felt compelled to prevent the use of large-scale pelagic drift-nets by their fishing vessels.
Ceramic matrix composites are classified either as discontinuously reinforced or continuously reinforced.
249. The Committee requests the Government of Bulgaria to address in its next report all the questions raised by members of the pre-session working group, as well as all the questions raised by members of the Committee during the oral presentation which have not been answered.
This means that institutions for dialogue will have to be established and those that exist preserved and reformed in the light of the needs expressed and objectives pursued.
UNIFEM has been providing support to expand women’s participation in politics through voter education and training for political-electoral candidates throughout the Pacific subregion.
However, the Insurance Section was not aware of the nature of findings, until the broker furnished a copy of the relevant report in response to the auditor’s request.
Together, more than 30 scholarships have been granted to UNESCO by the Government of the Czech Republic, but none has been acquired by a student from a Non-Self-Governing Territory.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
10. At the 47th meeting, on 31 July, the President of the Council introduced a draft decision (E/1998/L.41) entitled “Basic indicators for the integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up of the major United Nations conferences and summits in the economic, social and related fields”, submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
(a) Decisions should be taken within the discretion afforded a manager under a specific delegation of authority, on the basis of clearly identified facts and in the context of the manager’s organizational environment;
Early and effective control of ATS precursors, as was done in Japan, was recommended for other countries as well.
Recorded costs January 1996 - June 1997: $ 1,444,000
32. The Field Administration and Logistics Division’s annual reports repeatedly identified ways in which the Organization could manage all aviation contracts better; however, not all of the recommendations were implemented by the Division.
(d) The expert nominated as the country rapporteur drafts concluding comments in close collaboration with the general rapporteur of the Committee and with the support of the secretariat;
Bureaux of the Main Committees shall meet earlier to draw up recommendations on the organization and programme of work.
facilitation of the consultative process at the regional level, with the involvement of intergovernmental organisations, NGOs, major cooperating partners and the private sector (USD 40,000 for the travel of participants and USD 10,000 for travel of staff for a total of USD 50,000);
Until recently, UNFICYP was the only United Nations peacekeeping operation that was not financed from assessed contributions by States Members of the Organization.
For that reason, I consider that a new approach, satisfactory to all sides, to determining the status of the Caspian should be worked out not just at the level of experts and the foreign policy bodies of the five littoral States.
17. Consolidation of the regime established by the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco): report of the First Committee (A/52/607) [78].
The momentum was reinforced at the international level by the decision of the General Assembly, in its resolution 51/64, section IV, to convene in 1998 a special session in order to strengthen international cooperation in addressing the problem of illicit drugs.
49. UNHCR headquarters purchased an estimated $70 million worth of goods and services in 1997.
of Turkmenistan to the United Nations addressed to the
1. The Parties shall take all necessary measures to ensure rigorous implementation of the Agreement on confidence building in the military field in the border area of 26 April 1996 and the Agreement on the mutual reduction of their armed forces in the border area of 24 April 1997, and again emphasize the importance of regular consultations for the purpose of discussing the progress in the implementation of those agreements.
Given that this commitment had been rescheduled to the first quarter of 1998, the Mission views its non-implementation with concern.
6.6.2.2.5 Joints and seams in the lining shall be made by fusing the material together or by other equally effective means.
194. The International Centre for Theoretical Physics, under the auspices of UNESCO, is working with UNU on its project on Microprocessors and Informatics.
13. More detailed information is contained in the reports submitted by the States parties and in the summary records of the relevant meetings of the Committee.
(i) To cooperate closely with relevant specialized agencies and United Nations funds and programmes, as well as with relevant non-governmental and community organizations, in a joint effort to eradicate traditional or customary practices affecting the health of women and girls;
75. The last 12 months have seen a dramatic escalation of attacks on United Nations personnel, both civilian and military.
The draft would then be submitted to the next executive session of the Board for approval, in the first quarter of 1997.
To ease the strain, programmes have been developed in the United Republic of Tanzania to provide counselling to families.
In the absence of additional contributions to expand the capital base, the programme relied entirely on revolved principal, limiting possibilities for growth.
The negotiations with the United Kingdom focused on the legal issue of who was the “real” employer of locally employed civilians; in the United Kingdom’s view, UNFICYP was.
Authorizing or prohibiting such price increases belongs to the responsibilities of the Office.
Judgement and caution must be exercised in associating the United Nations with regional, subregional or multinational efforts but the potential for positive cooperation should continue to be explored.
Letter dated 16 October 1998 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Yugoslavia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
121. United Nations Administrative Tribunal [General Assembly resolution 351 A (IV)]
1. Lessons learned and major achievements during the biennium 1996-1997
Others welcomed the refocusing of the Special Initiative on areas where results had been achieved and underscored the need for the Special Initiative to concentrate on the priority areas of education, health, governance, harnessing information technology for development, gender and population.
This becomes particularly challenging where a variety of regional and subregional organizations are working on closely related issues.
1. Mexico (for Latin American and Caribbean Group)
46. Fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (item 46):
(g) UNDP would participate in high–level meetings with IFAD and the World Bank to facilitate activities of the GM, and provide advice and support; and
With regard to the latter, the Committee suggests that further studies and follow-up surveys on vulnerable groups of children be initiated and it recommends that the State party consider requesting technical assistance from the United Nations Children's Fund to address this question.
109. Women took an active part in the 1998 elections.
Consideration of the recommendations contained at the end of paras. 96, 101, 115 and 126 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950).
69. The Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) has been involved for the last three years in initiating a process to examine the requirements of a broad-based development strategy that reduces poverty in the continent, and in implementing the elements of such a strategy.
It was added that, as a matter of fact, the need to apply Chapter VII could well arise in the absence of any prior dispute or conflict between the States concerned.
Commitment authorization (resolution 51/233)
If an officer of the Bureau resigns or is otherwise unable to complete the assigned term of office or to perform the functions of that office, a representative of the same Party shall be named by the Party concerned to replace the said officer for the remainder of that officer's mandate.
265. The Committee considers that the existing legislative and de facto framework for women in the formal labour market, including pay equity, employment contracts and women’s family responsibilities, constitute a serious impediment to the full implementation of the Convention.
Greater emphasis is being placed on the provision of assistance to the local authorities in developing a capacity for self-governance, in particular in the area of criminal justice.
The Commission contributes to the improvement of public administration through the elaboration of norms and guidelines in various areas to be implemented by Governments, and through the provision of technical assistance to promote their effective implementation in countries with economies in transition.
Less: Transfer from the United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
Preliminary estimates of the work months required for the preparation of volumes I to V of Supplement No. 6 are included in annex III to the present report.
24. Regular United Nations Radio information is today available in English, French and Spanish, 24 hours a day, by dialing the telephone number (212) 963-3777.
The President also informed delegates that H.E. Mr. Ernst Sucharipa, Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations, would coordinate the informal consultations on the draft resolutions to be submitted under agenda item 20 (Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance of the United Nations, including special economic assistance).
Provision is made in the amount of $66,000 to cover pouch and mail services ($25,000), telephone ($20,000), Internal Standard Digital Network line ($10,000) cellular phones ($6,000) and internet connection charges ($5,000).
(c) In the initial stage, in Bago Division, military security personnel allegedly were involved in the implementation of the restraining orders; in the other states and divisions, only the township judges and the respective police station are said to have been involved.
16. The Board recommended that the Administration review the differences between the budget performance reports and the financial statements for the periods ended 30 June 1996 and make appropriate adjustments to the accounts of the Member States after approval by the General Assembly.
The aim was to have a society which accommodated a wide spectrum of individual abilities, and not a society which simply expected all to conform to one hypothetical, and often unachieved, standard of "normality".
With respect to the multilateral trading system, it was important that diversification concerns of commodity-dependent economies were integrated into the context of the built-in agenda of the Uruguay Round Agreements as well as into the design of a positive agenda for possible future trade negotiations.
This should bring about, in the view of the Committee, some savings in the liquidation budget of UNTAES.
They noted with satisfaction the progress achieved in national reconciliation in Tajikistan following the signing in Moscow on 27 June 1997 of the General Agreement on the Establishment of Peace and National Accord in Tajikistan.
The Committee notes with appreciation Finland's actions to advance human rights since consideration of its third periodic report in October 1990.
It recalled that thesubject of ITAPs, including their possible establishment, would be considered by the SBSTA at its seventh session and requested Parties to send any new ideas on the subject to the secretariat by 31 August 1997.
In addition, UNDCP has continuously made efforts to involve in alternative development programmes other United Nations entities engaged in development work, in order to link them with broader development objectives.
119. An important premise of the work of the Special Representative is the need to widen the ownership of this agenda beyond official actors.
International investors rank future investment opportunities in Africa far lower than elsewhere (see figure 2), even though actual rates of return on existing investments in Africa compare more favourably to those in other regions.For evidence on rates of return see UNCTAD, Foreign Direct Investment in Africa, Current Studies, Series.
16. The lack of a direct presence of the Islamic Republic in many international markets compelled Iranian producing industries to sell their products at below-normal and unreal price levels.
Quite logically, over 60 per cent of the outputs reformulated are published material. The reformulation occurred essentially in UNCTAD, ESCAP, UNEP and the Department of Humanitarian Affairs, which jointly accounted for almost two thirds of the reformulated published material.
Mr. POSTA (Hungary) shared that concern. The Secretariat could not be asked to work on the basis of the Business Plan and at the same time to take note of a document calling for actions that were contradictory to it.
131. On 19 April, a Jewish settler, Dov Driban, was killed and a Palestinian shepherd was seriously wounded during clashes near the Ma’aon settlement in the Hebron area.
The comprehensive policy guidelines have been submitted as document A/53/385.
With the exception of ESCAP in Bangkok, procurement officers in the above-listed locations were responsible for securing their own insurance coverage, without guidance or assistance from the Insurance Section at Headquarters in determining liability limits, acceptable deductible levels and types of coverage.
This information is stored in the central National Demining Commission database and is used to support clearance organizations in the assigning of priorities.
The children are then taken to Thailand, where the glue-sniffing serves the purpose of decreasing the child’s inhibitions about committing criminal acts.
After the decision had been taken, the Chairman of CCAQ requested that his preference for equal participation of the different parties in the working group be placed on record, recalling also the expertise the organizations had to contribute in this area.
REPORT OF THE SECRETARY-GENERAL ON THE WORK OF THE ORGANIZATION
16. The Second Committee began clustering items on its agenda as from the fortieth session.
15. Experts from developing countries that were using ASYCUDA described how this application had allowed their Customs administrations to reduce the time needed for the clearance of Customs declarations from seven days to one day or less.
III. Activities undertaken by the major actors in 1998
The high rates of infant and maternal mortality are also issues of great concern.
Medical supplies received during the period under review were as follows: 112 medical items valued at $48,800 from the Government of Germany, medicines and surgical materials from UNICEF ($13,500) and 14 medical items valued at $13,200 from UNPF.
If there is a reasonable possibility that such damage may have to be rectified in some future period, consideration should be given to disclosing a contingent liability.
signed in Riga on 8 July 1998 The inaugural session of the United States-Baltic Partnership Commission convened in Riga on July 8, 1998.
b Seventeen were started during the biennium.
The representatives of Cuba and the United States spoke.
Bilateral, regional and multilateral instruments, however, also play a role in liberalization.
Those factors have had a negative effect on the implementation of the Convention.
These overviews of macroeconomic trends, constraints and opportunities in agriculture and rural development and trends in rural poverty, together with a review of the experiences of other institutions and with the identification of opportunities for linkages with multilateral, bilateral and non-governmental agencies, will be considered as a basis for future IFAD lending.
1. In its 1995 annual report, the Joint Inspection Unit (JIU) informed participating organizations of its decision to shift its work programme cycle from January–December to July–June. The rationale for this shift was to synchronize better the issuance of Unit reports with the calendars of a number of the legislative organs of its participating organizations, which meet in the second half of the year.
5. Provisional agenda for the second session of the Preparatory Committee.
IV. Peaceful settlement of disputes between States
b/ Date of receipt of notification of succession.
6. National constitutions can stipulate the role of cooperatives in society and in national economies (in local government, in land reform, etc.).
Special account for programme support (statement VI) 22 605
For all Parties reporting emissions of HFCs, the increase in percentage was greater than for any other GHG.
37. Divergent views were expressed concerning the retention or deletion of paragraph 2.
36. The Committee agreed that the failure of Tajikistan to pay the full amount necessary to avoid the application of Article 19 was due to conditions beyond its control.
The Committee observes that some factors contributing to high maternal deaths may be related to the inadequacies of the training given to birth attendants and of home deliveries.
Provision is made for requirements at an average cost of $35,000 per month, taking into account recent actual expenditure.
It uses third-generation transoceanic fibre-optic cable technology capable of carrying up to 5.3 billion bits of data per second per pair of optical fibres, compared to 0.56 billion bits/second for second-generation technology.
The second stage, or “corporate strategic process”, institutionalizes the achievements of the initial phase and links budgets with the long-term goals of the agency.
Data indicate that the relative share of the various CH4 sources was unchanged for the group of reporting Parties between 1990 and 1994.
47. In carrying out their TCDC and ECDC activities, United Nations organizations and agencies should also seek to foster the increased involvement of the private sector in the developing countries in such activities, given the increasing importance of those organizations in the development process.
At its first session, the COP decided, inter alia, “to review, at the second session of the Conference of the Parties, and at each session of the Conference of the Parties thereafter, the implementation of Article 4.5 and 4.1(c) of the Convention as a separate agenda item” (see decision 13/CP.1).
146. According to IMO, the number of incidents of piracy and armed robbery against ships which occurred in 1997 was 252, an increase of 24 over the 1996 figure: the total number of such acts reported since 1984 amounted to 1,207.
This initiative was launched as part of the preparatory process for Habitat II, to demonstrate concrete solutions to some of the pressing challenges facing an urbanizing world.
In this context, we reject the use of any protectionist measures.
Early completion of the pending processes for accession was called for.
UNRWA therefore faced a core deficit of $20 million for 1997, representing the difference between expected cash expenditure and expected cash income for the year.
The Movement Control/Air Operations Section will be integrated with the military observers’ movement control unit, which will have added responsibility for the movements of United Tajik Opposition weapons.
TD/B/SEM.2/1 Provisional agenda and annotations to the provisional agenda
Item 55 of the provisional agenda A/53/150.
9. Upon enquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that no local salary survey had been undertaken since 1992.
WFP plans to execute these activities in close partnership with the Mozambican Government, non-governmental organizations and sister United Nations organizations.
(i) Methods and candidate regions and subregions for in-depth pilot surveys;
It was indicated that, since there was no lack of sectoral indicators already available, the methodology would concentrate on the development of a simple aggregated indicator for trade efficiency assessment.
This is so despite the growth of the other three media.
Annex Provisional rules of procedure for the Third United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space (UNISPACE III)
95. The issue was also raised in paragraph 13 of the Global Programme of Action (General Assembly resolution S/17-2, annex), in which it was stated that States should establish and promote national systems to assess the extent of drug abuse and to collect data on trends of abuse.
15. With regard to the immediate and cumulative effects of the weapons mentioned in resolution 1996/16 and the danger they represent to life, physical security and other human rights, the Centre referred to the extensive and well-documented research carried out by the World Health Organization.
312. The view was expressed that the progress report had shortcomings, among others that no programmes in the two priority areas of regional cooperation and integration and economic diversification requested by the Committee at its thirty-seventh session were elaborated, and that throughout the report no concrete results were provided.
(d) All expenses incurred by those giving testimony shall be borne by the State.
"Convinced that concerted action and comprehensive, well-coordinated programmes are the only means by which to fight problems involving illicit drugs,
The Committee notes the information regarding assistance provided by UNFICYP to the World Health Organization, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees and the United Nations Volunteers programme.
The Advisory Committee was informed, however, that if the need arises, the Secretary-General may propose to reinstate those posts in the future.
The report, which was submitted to the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its thirty-eighth session, reflected the degree of implementation of the outputs that were identified in the programme budget and indicated the extent to which programmed activities were modified during the implementation process, as well as the respective roles of legislative bodies and the Secretariat in introducing new activities.
109. It was noted that the Assembly had not addressed the issue of the application of the margin to non-expatriates in its request.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 6 of its report (A/52/732) (resolution 52/212).
This voluntary declaration is intended to convey to the international community the seriousness of our intent for meaningful engagement.
Between 0200 and 0720 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells and directed bursts of fire at Jabal Safi and Jabal al-Rafi` from their position in Ksarat al-Urush.
D. Decision on the programme of work of the Standing Committee in 1999
International prizes in the field of environment (statement V.3) 46 636
Provision was made in the amount of $384,000 for 64 vehicles.
A retaining wall has been built to preserve them.
Indeed, it would appear that so far not one of the Special Rapporteur’s recommendations has been implemented, with the exception of his recommendation to implement the “oil-for-food” programme – and this the Government of Iraq resists doing fully.
12. Decides also that, for Member States that have not fulfilled their financial obligations to the Mission, their share of the unencumbered balance of 2,570,300 dollars gross (2,163,200 dollars net) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 shall be set off against their outstanding obligations;
Bilateral financial contributions related to the implementation of the Convention
66. In addition to matters raised earlier in this report, the Board noted that essential documents, including requisitions and purchase orders, were not raised at the time of supply; these were provided retroactively in order to regularize the transactions.
Export prices for Ugandan coffee soared by 167 per cent from 1993 to 1995, declined by 26 per cent in 1996, but rose to new heights in 1997.
9. At the 36th meeting, on 10 November, the representative of Indonesia, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty” (A/C.2/53/L.27), which read:
Abstaining: France, Israel, Monaco, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
11. The following lists of possible further measures, in parts IV and V below, are merely indicative and not intended to be exhaustive.
1. Everyone has the right, individually and in association with others, to have effective access, on a non-discriminatory basis, to participation in the government of his or her country and in the conduct of public affairs.
Implementation of the United Nations System-Wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control
This was also true for non-opiate sedatives.
Consideration of the actions contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950).
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/557);
A/AC.241/52/Add.1 Review of the situation as regards extrabudgetary funds
The confidence of international donors in the Government’s economic management is high and continuity with economic policy is expected.
(e) "Regional economic integration organization" means an organization defined in article 1, paragraph (j) of the Convention;
A responsible political leadership must ensure a long-term and unwavering commitment to the fight against ATS.
Moreover, this method does not distinguish the effect of sanctions from other adversities, unless supplemented by a separate estimate intended to disentangle the effects.
6. Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-first session (D.151).
Convention on the Law of the Non-Navigational Uses of Inter-national Watercourses, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 21 May 1997
The participating non-governmental organizations also stated that they would work with their constituents and the public to prepare them for the declaration of the independent Palestinian State.
(a) The current system of net base salary plus post adjustment at the base was still the most appropriate way to ensure that the margin remained within the range of 110 to 120 and around the desirable mid-point of 115 over a period of time;
The Commission invited specialized agencies and relevant United Nations programmes and funds to contribute, within their respective spheres of competence, to the implementation of the Plan of Action for the Decade and to cooperate closely with the Office of the High Commissioner in that regard.
Economic and other activities which affect the interests of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories
4. Some delegations held the view that greater efforts needed to be made by the Board in prioritizing and rationalizing UNCTAD's publication programme.
It will carry the first Argos payload (Argos 2) of the second generation, which will offer a greater capacity and enhanced sensitivity.
Empirical evidence relating to the effects of industrial policy on competition and efficiency is mixed.
United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprusa
Provision is made for freight costs related to the transfer of various items from UNTAES and/or the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi to UNMOT as follows: 20 sets of office furniture, 14 filing cabinets, 20 office wastebaskets and 2 executive office chairs ($6,200).
RUSSIAN GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
“The objectives of the subprogramme, which will be implemented by the Division for Operations and Analysis, are as follows:”
Thus, a misconception regarding the setting up of inspection systems could dramatically impede diversification efforts.
Programme expenditure incurred by executing agencies
at its nineteenth session held in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, having discussed the current Arab situation in a spirit of the utmost responsibility and with a deep desire to achieve a better future for the peoples of the Arab nation,
98. Evolutionary enhancements in transport technologies occurring alongside the miniaturization of sensors has fostered the development of smaller, more autonomous, more mobile monitoring units.
Mr. Yuri A. Rechetov Russian Federation 2000
6. An estimated provision of $20.0 million is included in the budget outline in connection with a number of mandates that exist for the convening of major conferences and special sessions during the biennium 2000 - 2001.
Annex Implementation of wet-lease arrangements for contingent-owned equipment
New information should be routinely incorporated into training programmes, including continuing and professional education.
341. Support was expressed for the Organization’s use of advanced technology in producing and disseminating publications in a cost-effective manner, in particular for its Internet site.
48. In the area of peace and security, the past year has seen steady emphasis on interdepartmental cooperation to ensure that communications and public information are integral components of the activities in these areas, both at Headquarters and in the field.
Those developments preceded the onset of full volcanic activity in July 1995.
(d) Implementation of measures prescribed by the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe (UNECE) protocols on the control and reduction of volatile organic compounds (VOCs) and nitrogen oxides (NOx).
It is certainly not difficult to justify concerted international activities, as the components of the global economy are more than ever intertwined.
Professor and Director of the Center for Nonproliferation Studies
It shall possess stabilizing members external to the shell, and shall be capable of being lifted when full.
Convinced that all States that have not yet done so should adhere to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons and sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty without delay and without conditions,
Formal care has the vital resources of expertise and money.
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) in paragraph 11 of its report (A/52/615) (resolution 52/56).
Aware of the key role played by women in the member countries of the Committee, participants recommended that women should participate fully and be involved effectively at all levels of the decision-making process, in order to increase the likelihood of genuine democracy and lasting peace in Central Africa.
Chapter III General debate and consideration of substantive questions
This commitment means that the State must both ensure effective enjoyment of these rights and establish the legal framework rendering it possible to protect them and punish their violation;
The appropriateness of that payment had been questioned by the Committee in paragraph 11 of its report on the Tribunal (A/52/697), in which the Committee had recommended that the amounts involved should be recovered.
The Conference of the Parties to the Convention may take further action, as appropriate, to promote the implementation of the provisions of this subparagraph;
Before examining the proposed amendments, the Commission expressed its appreciation to the members of the Working Group and the Facilitator for contributing to the objective set forth in the various General Assembly resolutions in which the Assembly had requested the staff representatives to resume their participation in the work of the Commission.
Fourth, an Iranian paper reported in July that the Commander of the State Security Forces Protection and Intelligence Department had declared that 10 or 12 suits had been filed against the security forces for torture and physical and psychological violence.
United Nations Decade on International Law [146]
Item 133 Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia
The law of 1992 represented a comprehensive reform, introducing many basic changes into cooperative legislation.
(d) While the global implementation of general resources and supplementary funded programmes combined increased from 72 per cent in 1996 to 78 per cent in 1997, the level of implementation of supplementary funded programmes of 72 per cent in 1997 (70 per cent for 1996) lagged behind the general resources programme level of 86 per cent;
IN THE TERRITORY OF RWANDA AND RWANDAN CITIZENS RESPONSIBLE FOR GENOCIDE AND OTHER SUCH VIOLATIONS COMMITTED IN THE TERRITORY
8. As reported in the ninth progress report, the projected costs under this category as of December 1997 were $36.9 million.
The impact of those persons on hosting countries and on the countries of origin when repatriation and reintegration activities were undertaken, he remarked, required a response from the international humanitarian community in the spirit of solidarity and burden-sharing.
9. Gross domestic savings, defined as GDP minus consumption, have been consistently declining in Africa.
Modalities 2. The Working Group will use as a starting point ICSC document ICSC/48/R.5, “Framework for human resources management”.
68. The Committee also welcomes the "victim-friendly courts" initiative aimed at providing special counselling for the rehabilitation of victims of child sexual abuse.
At the national level, it is anticipated that support would continue to be provided for:
13. Only those candidates whose names appear on the ballot papers are eligible for election.
4.1 This Protocol regulates future actions and the implementation of the commitments of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change (hereafter referred to as “the Convention”) facilitating achievement of its ultimate objective determined in Article 2,
6. In his letter to the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions dated 30 September 1996, the Controller informed the Committee of revisions to the liquidation staffing requirements and other operational requirements, the cost of which could be accommodated within the resources already recommended by the Advisory Committee.
OF HUMAN RIGHTS PERPETRATED ON THE ORDERS OF GOVERNMENTS OR SANCTIONED BY THEM AS AN INTERNATIONAL CRIME 47 — 61 14
12. A voluntary cash contribution to the UNPREDEP Special Account of $3,000 has been received from the Government of Cyprus.
These costs vary considerably from case to case, depending on the initial conditions within an organization, as well as conditions external to the organization, such as the availability of infrastructure.
6.2. An entire subprogramme shall not be reformulated nor a new programme introduced in the programme budget without the prior approval of an intergovernmental body and the General Assembly.
Provision is also made for compulsory local third-party liability insurance at a cost of $210.50 per vehicle per year ($22,100), based on the existing local insurance contract.
International Criminal Court text reproduction sheet (multilingual), released in March
In May 1998, a comprehensive UNRWA service compound was inaugurated at Waqqas, in the Jordan Valley, where more than 18,000 registered refugees lived.
UNCTAD is also currently helping UNIDO prepare for the second investment forum for Uzbekistan to be held in Vienna later this year.
(b) Assisting the Government to reform and strengthen democratic institutions and the rule of law (institution building);
It may be recalled that the Special Rapporteur was also unable to visit Nigeria prior to submitting his last report to the Commission on Human Rights in February 1998 (E/CN.4/1998/62).
Specialized companies, for example, provided independent services specifically geared to agro-industrial exports, covering the full food-supply chain, and offered training of trainers so that developing countries could build up the necessary in-country expertise.
However, in the light of the recent suggestions of the Russian Federation on demilitarization, which have also been circulated as a United Nations document, I felt there was now a need to reiterate our views on this issue.
In the case of UNHCR, this annual reporting is in conformity with the existing financial rules of the Office.
(d) Contingency plans should be formulated and planned for all critical systems.
7. The activities related to economic and social rights, and especially the right to fair distribution of income, cannot be considered at the national level exclusively.
Nevertheless, Kazakhstan shares the view of OSCE that there is a need for cooperation with respect to the further development of democratic institutions and the enhancement of legislation in this area.
226. The Committee also notes with satisfaction that the Convention has been invoked in court proceedings and it welcomes the commitment made during the dialogue by the government delegation to send information on those judicial decisions.
131. The Administrative Services Division is responsible, inter alia, for travel services, purchases, supplies and equipment; buildings management; routine transport such as the everyday transport of detainees and ad hoc tasks such as airport service for staff on official mission or arriving to assume their functions or to welcome visitors; satellite communications; technical services and translation of proceedings; and the provision of technical equipment for information purposes.
Palestinian sources stated that the arrests had been made when IDF troops raided the village shortly before dawn and carried out house-to-house searches there.
208. WECAFC was of the view that the above-mentioned March 1998 meeting of the group of experts at Tokyo on the reduction of the incidental catch of seabirds would have an impact on fisheries in the WECAFC region.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defence Minister Yitzhak Mordechai categorically denied any involvement in Sharif’s death.
111. Under the provisions of paragraph 3 (a) of its resolution 49/19 B of 23 December 1994, the General Assembly empowered the Secretary-General to accept, at his discretion and after consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Contributions, a portion of the contributions of Member States for the calendar years 1995, 1996 and 1997 in currencies other than United States dollars.
In 1997, UNDP supported in-country coordination of the United Nations response to 40 disasters in 36 countries through the allocation of $5.4 million.
He also requests all Parties to bear in mind that contributions to the core budget are due on 1 January of the year in question.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.59
8. The financial period covers 12 months beginning on 1 July of one year and terminating on 30 June of the following year, in accordance with section I of General Assembly resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994.
Some of these services can be provided on a common basis, regardless of the location of the agencies served; others are only feasible in conjunction with the existence or establishment of common premises.
Particular attention should be paid to the prevention of juvenile delinquency, the protection of the rights of children deprived of their liberty, respect for fundamental rights and legal safeguards in all aspects of the juvenile justice system and full independence and impartiality of the judiciary dealing with juveniles.
CVD is a high-temperature, thin-film deposition technique that is primarily used on silicon, ceramic or carbon substrates.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
In six countries examined by the evaluation reports, some positive impact was found in all, though to differing degrees.
It is also the contractor for several telecommunications satellites: ARABSAT 2 (Arab League), Turksat (Turkey), Nahuel (Argentina), ThaVcom 3 (Thailand), Agila (Philippines), Sirius 2 (Sweden), Eutelsat 3 (W 24) and Sinosat (China).
Note 7. Status of contributions as at 30 June 1996
It is estimated that during this period, 705 vehicles, out of an establishment of 1,281, will have been used beyond their normal life expectancy or extensively damaged owing to accident or hostility.
It is further dissatisfied to learn about the lack of information and training of health professionals with regard to contraceptives.
The IPRs involve an analysis of strengths, weaknesses, opportunities and threats, encompassing the following:
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled:
How are they integrated in the overall SME support programmes and measures? Notes
Recent estimates suggest that global expenditures on these services will have to increase by about 60 per cent to ensure universal coverage.
Lastly, proposals for the implementation of a dual-track system of career and non-career appointments will be reviewed in the context of the overall reform of human resources management (see also A/53/342).
The 187th meeting of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country will be convened on Wednesday, 15 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 6.
While the Committee is of the view that the Board’s recommendation should be implemented, it believes that the goal should not be to determine the profitability of the centres, but to ascertain the full cost of operating them with a view to establishing the appropriate level of fees that should be charged to users other than those from the United Nations system and the proper administrative and accounting procedure to be employed.
UNHCR works closely with the Government to ensure that asylum-seekers receive a fair adjudication of their application for refugee status and to limit the amount of irregular movement within the region.
A State shall give effect to a judgement given against it in accordance with this Convention by a court of another State.
A: Accounting for over 50 per cent of total exports
A briefing on the United Nations Stand-by-Forces High Readiness Brigade, SHIRBRIG, will be held on Monday, 20 October 1997, from 3 p.m. to 3.45 p.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
The report provides an update on progress towards the end-decade goals, within the context provided by the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Appropriate selection method (legislative recommendations 1 and 2 and paras. 15-25)
21. The Oceans and Law of the Sea Web site (http://www.un.org/Depts/los) is maintained by the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea in accordance with General Assembly resolution 49/28 of 9 December 1994.
(f) Reducing emissions through improved equipment and practices in the electrical equipment industry;
6. Access to clean water remains a serious health concern for more than 2 million children living in cities of more than 100,000 inhabitants.
Less: transfers from United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
In some cases, expenditures to the end of 1997 have been projected.
Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina
Pledges received for future years are recorded as deferred income;
12. The Office agrees with this recommendation and is already carrying out the necessary steps to complete the relevant parts of the handbook.
Particular mention was made of the integrated ITC/UNCTAD/WTO programme of technical cooperation for the development of Africa's trade in the post-Uruguay Round environment as an example of the benefits of inter-agency collaboration.
The Committee also reviewed the comments of UNHCR in document A/53/335/Add.1, section G, paragraphs 1–4, and notes that the High Commissioner is seeking guidance from the Advisory Committee and the Executive Committee.
Acceptance: Netherlands (10 December 1997)*
79. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Azerbaijan of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of Azerbaijan, and particularly its government administrators and politicians, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps required in this regard.
Between 1200 and 1245 hours the client militia fired four 81-mm mortar shells at the area around Tumat Niha from its position at Tumat Jazzin.
Recommendation 5. Fostering a stronger professional oversight community
12. The Working Group on Indigenous Populations meets for one week immediately before the annual session of the Subcommission, in order to review developments pertaining to the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people.
The focus of the UNCTAD database is on making information accessible to a variety of users, especially from developing countries: Governments, regional organizations, academics and service exporters.
A corollary to this observation is the fact that UNDCP needs to be provided with sufficient support - both political and financial - to enable it to act as the engine to continuously invigorate drug-control efforts at all levels.
Failing judicial institutions, priority should initially be given to establishing extrajudicial commissions of inquiry and ensuring the preservation of, and access to, the archives concerned. B. Extrajudicial Commissions of Inquiry
“(b) The Fifth Committee should, as a general practice, consider accepting without debate the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the financial implications of draft resolutions up to a prescribed limit, namely, $25,000 on any one item;
48. The United Nations University Institute for New Technologies (UNU/INTECH) prepared a plenary session paper entitled “Gender and telecommunications – an agenda for policy”.
Informal consultations on the following draft proposals A/C.2/ 52/L.2 (item 95 (a)), A/C.2/52/L.5 (item 99 (a)), A/C.2/52/L.7 and L.9 (item 99 b))
The President further informed the Assembly that the announcement of voluntary contributions of the 1998 programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees would take place on Friday, 7 November, in the morning.
- A review on the initiative of the enterprises themselves in notifying the concentration operation to the Competition Board, which in such cases has three (03) months to draw up its position.
8. Other matters in the field of trade and development:
3. Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development (Commission 3)
Publication proposals must be consistent with the core service or sectoral strategies endorsed by ITC management.
Letter dated 16 March 1998 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Yugoslavia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/86–S/1998/240)
Patterns of expenditure varied among fields according to local conditions, including relative cost of care and ease of access to Agency and public sector health services.
The Symposium acknowledged the difficulties presented by a lack of uniform definitions and the poor quality of data in many countries.
Developing countries, like other countries, have to seize the opportunities which electronic commerce offers.
Such interest is also contingent upon review by its Executive Board of the implications of IFAD's association with the GM and to this end its endorsement of the role that the Fund would be undertaking. ANNEX-I
However, freedom of negotiation did not mean arbitrary choice and the laws of those countries provided procedures to ensure transparency and fairness in the conduct of the selection process.
Preface by the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services
The net effect is a worldwide population of older persons sufficiently varied, flexible and complex to defy easy categories and clear-cut roles.
1997/42 Follow-up to the International Conference on Population and Development
The Board had previously commented on this issue in its report for the biennium 1992–1993.
44. The pre-session working group also noted the persistence of cultural and customary norms in some States parties that sometimes impeded the implementation of the Convention and that could also pose obstacles to the introduction of measures designed to advance the status of women.
– Mission integrated support services established, and preparation for arrival of contingents and other components commenced
The global distribution of methane is shown in Figure 4.
Procurement Division to initiate a record system to show staff qualifications, expertise, experience and competencies, with a view to matching staff to posts
Exclusion is the absence of participation, segregation, neglect and being forgotten.
In some markets, the trade-distorting effects of subsidies to domestic industries also act as access barriers in the energy sector.
Subprogramme 13.2 will be implemented by the Division for Treaty Affairs and Support to Drug Control Organs, formerly the Division for Treaty Implementation and Support Services.
Rule 86 has also been applied in other circumstances, for instance in cases of imminent deportation or extradition which may involve or expose the author to a real risk of violation of rights protected by the Covenant.
Non-governmental agencies and private sector
In an Amnesty International report of May 1995 there is an unambiguous reference to the Israeli Army’s direct control of the border zone of southern Lebanon where Lahad’s militia operates, and to the administration of that zone by an Israeli civil authority working in tandem with that militia.
Report of the Secretary-General on improvement of the situation of women in rural areas (resolution 52/93)
The consensus reached at the meeting was reflected in two working papers which were transmitted to all Governments under cover of a note verbale dated 19 August 1997.
He urged delegates to make efficient use of the time allocated and to conclude the negotiations in a timely manner.
In addition, there are currently two cooks employed at the United Nations in Beirut, preparing meals seven days a week for the military staff on full-time duty and living in United Nations House.
The 1990s have been characterized by a growing understanding of the interdependence between human rights and fundamental freedoms, sustainable development, and democracy.
130. The representative of the United Nations noted that the matter should be addressed in the context of two dimensions – a technical one and a statutory one. From a technical perspective, it was imperative to note that the removal of post adjustment from the base could result in the breakdown of the post adjustment system as a whole, because revisions to post adjustment classification worldwide would be subject to constant revisions to account for changes made at the base, that is, New York.
(c) Provisional agenda of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly (English and French);
The chairpersons would return to this matter at their tenth meeting, to be held in September 1998.
Queries were raised as to how it was decided whether a disarmament measure was practical or not.
1. The attention of the General Assembly is drawn to the report of the Trade and Development Board on its forty-fifty session, To be issued as A/53/15 (Part IV).
(a) No upper limits be placed on justified claims;
II. ORGANIZATIONAL MATTERS (Agenda item 2) 7 - 13 4
Construction/prefabricated buildings (total costs)
22. Calls upon all Governments, the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and other United Nations bodies and agencies, as well as relevant intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, to commemorate, on 26 June, United Nations International Day in Support of Victims of Torture;
Annex III Objections to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women made between 1 August 1997 and 1 August 1998
This would enable Member States to review progress on an important policy element of the New Directions strategy, without prejudice to the maintenance of the separate institutional identity and responsibilities of SU/TCDC within UNDP and UNCTAD.
4. The United Nations is an intergovernmental organization composed of sovereign States.
Recalling its continuous commitment to the Ad Hoc Group negotiations of a Protocol to the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention (BTWC), which was expressed through the adoption of its Common Position of 4 March 1998:
25. In the period from August 1997 to June 1998, Operation Lifeline Sudan distributed or pre-positioned approximately 54,554 metric tonnes of food.
Currently, there are a number of bodies, each dealing with a certain aspect of staff grievances and disciplinary processes.
Description of the baseline or reference scenario, including methodologies applied:
Between 0940 and 1335 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South and the Western Bekaa at medium altitude.
87. In industrial information, investment and technology promotion, a project was initiated to set up three business development centres in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
This trend has continued, and there are today several research programmes oriented to addressing the plutonium problem, with or without simultaneously supporting power production.
(g) Investment mechanisms and joint ventures;
Between 0640 and 0745 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells and 120-mm mortar shells at areas along the Zahrani River from their positions at Zafatah and Tall Ya`qub and on Razlan hill.
UNDP helped organize and played a pivotal role at the MicroCredit Summit held 2-4 February 1997, in Washington, DC.
Announcement As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
Therefore, there is an urgent need to make a survey of all institutions concerned with desertification at the national, subregional and regional levels and link all these institutions through a specialized network which will be responsible for coordinating their activities and unifying their efforts and methodologies of work in the field of combating desertification.
(e) In operative paragraph 17 (former paragraph 16), the words "and the amount of _ dollars for the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi" were deleted after the words "support account for peacekeeping operations".
I welcome this decision and support the appeal to other donors made by countries members of the Committee for financial contributions for implementation of this project.
5. Sections II, III and IV of the present report contain information about measures taken at the national and international levels, based on materials transmitted by Governments and the international organizations mentioned in paragraph 4 above.
(d) The inviolability of internationally recognized borders;
In some, for example, Lithuania, Estonia and a few others, cooperatives initiated and participated in the drafting of legislation or regulation affecting the cooperative sector and its activities.
Requirements under this heading were based on the cost parameters contained in annex II.D above and the following requirements:
Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this Declaration, without distinction of any kind, such as race, colour, sex, language, religion, political or other opinion, national or social origin, property, birth or other status.
To all, regardless of party or any other affiliation, Serbia and the well-being of its people and citizens should be the common concern and the highest priority.
The Community also expressed satisfaction and support for the new format of the United Nations sponsored talks and the continuation of the All-Inclusive Intra-East Timorese Dialogue.
7. The members of the Administrative Committee on Coordination wish to point out that much progress has been made in recent years in improving coordination within the United Nations itself, including the Secretariat and the concerned programmes and funds of the United Nations, and between the United Nations and the specialized agencies, including the Bretton Woods institutions.
42. Provision of $19,300 is made for the purchase of equipment ($4,700), materials and supplies ($1,300) and contractual services ($13,300) for the public information programme of the Mission’s public information office.
Programme delivery will be facilitated by these improvements as it will reduce lead time in making travel arrangements and ensure the optimum use of travel budgets.
(a) Summary of the economic survey of Europe, 1997 (E/1998/11);
8. It is also the view of the Secretary-General that the United Nations University can best perform the key functions referred to by the Inspectors (see para. 7 above) if two requirements are observed.
In implementing the Habitat Agenda, UNESCO will cooperate in the preservation and conservation of settlements of historical and cultural value and in networking with education and scientific institutions related to human settlements.
The arrival of almost 9,000 refugees from Kosovo has placed an additional burden on the State, which must find places for them to live, and may have a negative impact on the minority return process.
At this level, action to be taken includes liaison with the United Nations Information Technology Services Division in New York to optimize connectivity and services for mutual benefit.
I. Agreed conclusions on investment promotion and
Nevertheless, in addition to the above-mentioned problem of widespread reservations (see para. 14 above) the current number of 161 States parties merits concern.
The representative of Canada introduced draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.24, which combined A/C.6/52/L.21 submitted by Sri Lanka and draft decision A/C.6/52/L.22 submitted by the Russian Federation.
Apart from product standards, packaging and labelling often involved complex requirements.
ECE is also promoting higher standards in the treatment of FDI, and is encouraging its members to participate in the relevant international standards-setting forums.
Sixth report: construction of additional conference facilities at Addis Ababa and Bangkok
Questions raised as to "who can do what best" for end beneficiaries have led to a reassessment of the role of the state in the direct provision of such services.
The Consulting Actuary stated further that a 15 per cent decline in the value of the equity component of the assets would result in approximately a 23.7 per cent required rate of contribution, after the decline had been fully reflected in the actuarial asset value, and assuming constancy until the next valuation in the market value of assets after the decline and in all other economic variables.
of the Permanent Mission of Yugoslavia to the United
Initiatives to improve management practices and strengthen the legal and fiscal transit transport regimes are also being supported.
82. Accepting that all material environmental liabilities and contingent liabilities are recognized, are appropriately measured and are properly disclosed by the conventional accounting system, what sort of additional information could be delivered in the annual report to shareholders on a cost-effective basis?
The need for a powerful unifying symbol, which would encourage everybody to work constructively and creatively, is determined today by many factors.
(b) The Kingdom of Denmark: Ministry of Foreign Affairs (US$747,734.79);
32. As regards subregional cooperation, a question was raised about the selective approach to providing assistance to the Bangladesh-India-Myanmar-Sri Lanka-Thailand Economic Cooperation initiative, which should have been done through a representative regional organization.
Staff of the Office are represented on the UNDP IMIS working parties, which meet to discuss progress and problems.
543. The Committee is concerned about the insufficient legal protection and the lack of adequate procedures for refugee children, especially unaccompanied minors.
It was announced that Jamaica was not a co-sponsor of the draft resolution.
Projects will be approved in relevant areas including, in particular, those relating to the promotion, protection and implementation of human and indigenous rights.
United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda and United Nations Observer Mission to Uganda-Rwandaa
Lastly, it would encourage States to help each other through international assistance aimed at combating the intolerable.
(c) Adhering to laws, regulations and management directives;
Mr. Pino Arlacchi, Under-Secretary-General, will address the panel.
Nearly all countries, in all regions, have created national AIDS prevention and control organizations, either in the form of an AIDS committee, council, programme, commission, or have created a special unit within an existing structure such as the Ministry of Health.
Follow-up to the United Nations Year for Tolerance
75. A suggestion was made that, without prejudice to the positions of respective delegations on the proposed convention, the Committee request the Bureau to prepare a draft revised text of the convention based on the work carried out during the session, taking into account, in particular, the discussion on the relevant provisions of the 1980 Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material and the 1997 International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings.
Progress on the implementation of the World Declaration and Plan of Action from the World Summit for Children
Directives for gender-mainstreaming need to be translated into practical guidelines for field staff.
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention and its implementation and monitoring within the Government, Parliament and the general public, including concerned non-governmental organizations.
44. The Commission noted that supervisors were automatically included under "staff members" and observed that the accountability of managers was understood to be an inherent part of this regulation.
The Board reviewed the new procurement control procedures and the cost-effectiveness of the procurement operation.
With its national committees in 26 countries in Africa and in close partnership with the Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) and United Nations specialized agencies, IAC has implemented programmes, including training and information campaigns, at the grass-roots level, and provided training for traditional birth attendants and for trainers, and held sensitization campaigns to raise public awareness of the harmful consequences of certain traditional practices.
6. Popular pressure for action against impunity and for tangible improvements in the administration and distribution of justice continued to mount, bringing into sharper focus the breakdowns and inadequacies of the present judicial system and the resulting violations of due process and other guarantees.
Between 1515 and 1530 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired twelve 155-mm and 120-mm shells at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr and areas to the west of the Litani river in the vicinity of Zillaya from their positions on Tallat al-Ahmadiyah and at Abu Qamhah. English
After dialogue with the Government and its partners was restored in the aftermath of May 1997, UNICEF was credited with some successful operations, especially in the area of immunization against polio and measles.
(a) appropriate [assistance], [support] and [encouragement]; and
As project manager WMO, working closely with UNDP, has established six new GAW stations of global importance in Algeria, Argentina, Brazil, China, Kenya and Indonesia.
5. In December 1995, the General Assembly adopted a programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 comprised of 6,952 final outputs.
21. The evolution of security issues in the Asia-Pacific region will be crucial not just for the States of the region themselves, but also for the future of international security from a global perspective.
provision of substantive support to, and financing participation in, national awareness seminars in approximately ten countries (USD 110,000 in grants and USD 60,000 for travel of staff, or a total of USD 170,000);
Letter dated 30 October 1998 from the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Israel to the Secretary-General
If agencies are unable to meet their contractual responsibilities in this regard, UNHCR will not sign subsequent agreements with them;
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.4
The importance of supporting breastfeeding from the moment of birth in maternity hospitals has been demonstrated in many countries by such outcomes as reduced diarrhoea-related morbidity and mortality.
197. UNCTAD - Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget, thirty-second session, second part [UNCTAD resolution 114 (V) and Trade and Development Board decision 156 (XVII)]
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
Attacks have been carried out with alarming impunity, perpetrators have rarely been apprehended, and surviving victims of attacks have often been left destitute.
3. Send the questionnaires to these networks/units via e-mail, wherever possible, and by fax or mail if necessary.
Needless to say, the fundamental guarantee of the dignity and interests of the Taiwan compatriots lies in the reunification of the country.
(b) Indicate the medium-term objectives and strategy and trends deduced from mandates which reflect priorities set by intergovernmental organizations;
Members of the Sub—Commission should normally speak at the end, it being understood that government observers can also exercise their right of reply to statements made by members of the Sub—Commission.
At a special session on 11 November 1965, the Executive Board approved the recommendation of the Executive Director that the Nobel Peace Prize money received by UNICEF be used to establish a fund in memory of Maurice Pate, the first Executive Director of UNICEF (E/ICEF/537).
If so, the staff member shall receive full salary and other emoluments for the period of authorized absence;
A closer coordination of activities undertaken by the partners of the government—private sector dialogue would help to produce better results and strengthen the authority of the institutions involved.
The peer review, while observing that Secretariat documents are not generally the result of independent research and should not be evaluated by academic criteria, proposed a list of criteria that could serve as standards of evaluation: (a) Is the information accurate and up-to-date?
In some cases the identification of the country of origin, accompanied by generic promotion, can itself create a brand, such as "Danish bacon", "New Zealand lamb" and "US beef".
2. The Records Information Systems Unit (room DC1-1170, ext. 34226), supports the technical infrastructure within the Section; implements recordkeeping software applications in United Nations Secretariat offices; researches and develops technological applications relevant to archives and records management, including digitization and imaging; and develops policies and guidelines associated with preserving and accessing electronic records.
It is seriously worried about the absence of adequate legislation and mechanisms designed to ensure the recovery and reintegration of child victims in the light of article 39 of the Convention.
Climate change posed enormous challenges for the international community as it looked beyond the year 2000.
The estimate presented is based on the assumption that the present structure of electricity supply will not change significantly in the near future.
Property was looted after the families were deported and dispersed.
A master plan approach will be adopted and implemented, and mechanisms for the implementation of memoranda of understanding will be promoted.
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the oral decision proposed by the Chairman.
The expenditure of $15,600 related to the settlement of an invoice for two forklifts purchased in 1995.
769. The Committee expresses its appreciation to the Government of Bangladesh for the submission of its initial report and its written information in reply to the questions set forth in the list of issues (CRC/C/Q/Ban.1).
The system can also provide an alternative or cross-check to existing procedures.
The authors of the report underlined that the cited amount precluded losses incurred during periods of internal closure of the West Bank, which had severely disrupted the work of PA offices, which are located mainly in Ramallah.
The kidnapping nature of the forced drafting has been further brought to light by the investigation of forcible drafting of the Korean women as “comfort women for the army”.
106. The General Assembly may wish to request further progress on harmonization of delegated authority to the field level among United Nations system organizations.
The Board is concerned, therefore, that the UNITAR planned promotions procedures were not consistent with those employed by the United Nations, for example, promotion to the Professional category without qualifying through the competitive examination, and retroactive awards.
She also congratulated the four members who had been re-elected for a further four-year term at the tenth meeting of States parties on 17 February 1998.
Under the direction of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, acts as official spokesperson for the Mission in all dealings with local and international media (radio, television and press), with local governmental authorities and with visiting journalists and writers.
Between 1250 and 1320 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at areas along the Zahrani River and the Sahl area from their positions at Shurayfah and Zafatah.
At the same time it encouraged Governments to undertake reviews of the progress achieved and the constraints faced in the implementation of the Programme of Action at all levels, particularly at the national level and at the level of international cooperation, with a view to contributing to the preparations for the special session.
Document: Report of the Economic and Social Council (A/53/3).
To investigate the tragedy, on 15 July 1918 the Council of Ministers adopted a decision to establish a special commission of inquiry.
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM
“... in the interests of resolving this issue in an expeditious fashion, while addressing the attendant political problems in Cyprus, to agree to your proposal that the costs of making all terminal benefits and redundancy payments due to the locally employed civilians should be divided between the United Nations and the United Kingdom on a pro-rata basis in accordance with the cost-share formula previously used to apportion the salaries of the individuals concerned.”
Follow-up to recommendations emanating from inspections
Welcoming the decision adopted by the Review Conference in its Final Declaration Ibid., annex C. on 3 May 1996 to convene a Review Conference not later than 2001,
1. Article 7.2(k) of the Convention provides that the Conference of the Parties (COP) shall agree upon and adopt, by consensus, rules of procedure and financial rules for itself and for any subsidiary bodies.
19. After the third ordinary session and following every subsequent ordinary session of the Conference of the Parties, the permanent secretariat shall prepare a report summarizing the conclusions of the review process.
During the past decade there has been a dramatic increase in the number of people who are internally displaced or directly affected by warfare but who do not cross international borders and do not benefit from the provisions of refugee law.
“14.34 The Conference of African Ministers responsible for Economic and Social Development Planning, at its most recent session, renamed the multinational programming and operational centres ‘subregional development centres’ and decided that ECA should re-orient the subregional development centres as centres of excellence with a view to strengthening and focusing their work on development priorities specific to each subregion.
Additional needs connected with the operation of a third Trial chamber should be known shortly.
Regional economic integration organizations, in matters within their competence, shall exercise their right to vote with a number of votes equal to the number of their member States which are Parties to this Protocol.
Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues
UNDCP has been called upon to assist Member States in introducing measures against money-laundering.
7. The United World Colleges (UWC) have meanwhile established their own selection committee in UNRWA’s area of operation, and have therefore not offered any scholarships through UNRWA for the 1997/1998 academic year.
(a) It would only involve a one-time expenditure within the framework of the biennium 1998–1999, made possible because of extra resources that have been allocated as a result of underspending;
It is also concerned about the lack of sufficient reproductive health information and services for adolescents.
The documents before the SBI at its seventh session are listed in annex II below.
Reports indicate that some institutions have gone beyond credit to offer insurance and other financial services.
At the 1621st meeting (sixty-first session) on 22 October 1997, a representative of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, Ms. Carol Batchelor, addressed the Committee on the subject of statelessness.
9. Further requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly on the implementation of the phase-out of type II gratis personnel at its resumed fifty-third session.
B. Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
At present, work on information collection, test area selection and system construction is well under way;
"8. Takes note of the observations and recommendations contained in the reports of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;2
A significant number of the components in the network have frequent failures and have become uneconomical to repair.
Using contributions to the Trust Fund and in collaboration with competent international or regional organizations, the Secretariat has been able to facilitate the holding of these seminars in the following countries during the first 18 months of 1996-1997:
Under the authority of the Standing Council and its President, the Administrator-General shall prepare for the Conference of International Non-Governmental Organizations (INGO).
A. Participation in the work of the Commission on Human Rights
4. Reiterates the importance of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, which reaffirms the right to development, as established by the Declaration on the Right to Development, as a universal and inalienable right and an integral part of fundamental human rights and also reaffirms that the human person is the central subject of development;
21. Table 2 summarizes the previous staffing proposal (A/52/799) and the current proposed staffing for MONUA at maintenance level for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.
Minister for Foreign Affairs representing the President of the Republic of Guatemala
11. At the same meeting, the representative of Mexico corrected the draft decision.
The Committee is also concerned at the absence of programmes addressing the mental health of children and their families.
The General Assembly, in its resolution 51/14 of 4 November 1996, appropriated $1,197,100 gross ($1,185,800 net) for the liquidation of the Mission (1 to 31 July 1996).
The OEC has to be consulted concerning all draft submissions or draft legislation where the planned measures or legislation have a bearing on economic competition.
Election of the Chairman of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country
“(d) To take all necessary steps to enlist worldwide support among Governments, as well as national and international organizations, for the achievement of the objectives of the Declaration and the implementation of the relevant resolutions of the United Nations;
Reprogramming the twentieth session of the Governing Council to early February 1999 has also significantly reduced the time available for the collection of cost-benefit data from the date on which Mercure could be considered fully operational. A more comprehensive and meaningful cost-benefit review of the Mercure system will be possible by April 1999
For the reasons stated above, however, the Panel is unable to consider recommending payment to any claimant for whom a payment order has not been filed by Egypt and whose identity and amount claimed are not specified.
22. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the agenda of the substantive session of 1998 (see annex I) and approved the organization of work of the session.
42. Five major recommendations emerged from the 23 April consultations with representatives of international and regional organizations that receive military expenditure data from member Governments. These are to:
4. Combined third and fourth periodic reports
(e) Human rights questions: Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
Between 30 and 40 bullets were fired during the shooting incident, which lasted some 10 seconds.
1. Reaffirms the continuing need to strengthen constructive dialogue and genuine partnership in order to promote further international economic cooperation for development;
41. Letter dated 12 March 1993 from the Permanent Representative of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/25405)
464. The United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights addressed the Committee at its 382nd meeting on 4 February 1998.
The Fund includes as expenditure the credits against the regular budget and peacekeeping assessments of Member States that do not levy taxes on the United Nations income of their nationals.
1. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General26 and that of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees;27
In fact, it may result in operational and substantive "de-linkage" of the GM from the institutional structure of the CCD.
Table 7 Selected health status indicators for Palestine refugees, 1997
7. Africa is a vast and varied continent.
These continuing overflights by the Turkish Air Force, as well as the presence of the Turkish military occupation forces on the island, constitute the underlying causes of tension in Cyprus.
He will transmit to the COP documents including the revised text under negotiation as it emerged from the first part of the Group’s eighth session (FCCC/CP/1997/2) and the report of the first part of the eighth session of the AGBM (FCCC/AGBM/1997/8), as well as the other documents which remain on the table (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, para. 22).
Significant account balances, relating to payables, receivables and inter-office vouchers, were yet to be adjusted/settled.
There has been an increase in the number of genocide cases where the accused had access to legal counsel, most of which was provided by the Belgian-based international non-governmental organization, Avocats sans Frontières (ASF).
After 24 years of occupation and mass violations of the human rights of the people of Cyprus, one third of the island's population is still being prevented by the Turkish occupation forces from returning to their homes in the occupied northern part of the island and is subject to the continuous provocation of the Turkish side.
172. On 15 March, the Judea and Samaria (West Bank) police issued arrest warrants against settlers who had rioted in the Abu Sneinah neighbourhood in Hebron.
“RADIOACTIVE MATERIAL, TYPE B(U) PACKAGE, non fissile or fissile-excepted”.
The vessels were using drift-nets several miles long and were believed to be targeting salmon.
1279. The Committee is concerned about the situation of children who are excluded from schools because of sanctions imposed by teachers and the adverse effect generated which may sometimes impact on drop-out rates and school attendance.
(b) Working with the partners in the development effort to provide budgetary support to the Palestinian Authority and to address the budget deficit;
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel
In 1997, UNIFEM’s East Africa regional office commissioned a study on coordination among United Nations agencies on gender issues.
An additional US$ 10 million will be needed for further excavations and preservation of archaeological finds.
The head of office or department will be required to certify this condition as a prerequisite for the processing of requests and issuance of a contract.
(f) Implementation of the outcome of the Global Conference on Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States
(b) Changes in the scope of control of substances;
3. Detailed analysis of audit recommendations
(ii) The assessment of future availability of funds for implementation of the Convention, as well as assessment and proposals for effective ways and means of providing such funds. Decision 25/COP.1
Delegations are further encouraged to submit to the Secretary or the Chairman of the Committee (room S-3420D), any relevant documentation or written statements in advance of the meeting.
One of the developments that is expected to result in appreciable reductions in CO2 and NOx emissions is the wider penetration of natural gas as an energy source for households.
(representing the Presidency of the Council of Ministers of the European Union)
The Committee requests that the posts in the Logistics Operations Section be administered with necessary flexibility, allowing for a better response to changing workload demands.
The new Plan was to be based on multi-agency sectoral and subsectoral plans of action, which would be incremental and eventually cover the whole scope of drug control concerns.
383. Under the auspices of the Nairobi Convention, a project on the Transboundary Diagnostic Analysis and Strategic Action Programme for the Marine and Coastal Environment of the Western Indian Ocean is being developed.
Similarly, the United Nations/European Community Arbitration Commission, in its Opinion No. 8, confirmed that the dissolution of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia was complete and that the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia no longer existed.
Divide the present article 1 into two articles, the first covering the scope of the Convention and the second giving the definitions.
26. With regard to paragraphs 2 and 3, the suggestion was made that they should be aligned with the texts of article 6, paragraphs 4 and 5, of the Terrorist Bombings Convention (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.15 and 17).
The nominal lifetime of these satellites is three years.
The Special Representative referred also to reports of September 1997 in Jomhouri-Islami that Gotvand General Court had sentenced Asghar Ghasemi and Farhad Heidari to have their hands amputated for robbery and forgery.
“14. Welcomes the publication of the revised Manual on Human Rights Reporting;
DPKO has informed OIOS that corrective action regarding these matters has been taken.
17. The International Federation of Tour Operators (IFTO), at its annual meeting in June 1997, agreed to give full support to the international tourism campaign to end child prostitution.
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-60826
4. For its consideration of the substantive agenda item (item 3) the Expert Meeting had before it a report by the UNCTAD secretariat entitled “Opportunities for vertical diversification in the food processing sector in developing countries” (TD/B/COM.1/EM.2/2).
It could then consider what additional measures would enhance international cooperation in this important area.
While some draft studies for the remaining volumes of Supplement No. 6 were prepared by a few departments during 1998, the existing texts cover only a small portion of the work required.
They comprise the following: Aetna Open Choice; Blue Cross BlueChoice; Health Insurance Plan of Greater New York, Health Maintenance Organization (HIP); Kaiser Foundation Health Plan of the Northeast, Health Maintenance Organization (Kaiser); and Group Health Incorporated Dental Plan (GHI).
United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala (MINUGUA) 57 570 200
3. In addition to the documents listed in the previous report (A/52/739), the Committee had before it a note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the use of consultants (A/52/814).
At the same time, it was important to recall that a basic requirement for any job within an organization was oral and written fluency in one of the working languages of the participating organizations, and that this knowledge was not to be misconstrued as an additional qualification.
This right is inscribed in the Indonesian Code of Penal Procedure.
The President of the Republic of Turkey Süleyman Demirel
B. Procedures for the application of Article 19 of the Charter
In this regard, Leaders agreed to a continuing future monitoring role for the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia during the period of the Noumea Accords, particularly with respect to the referendums that will be conducted pursuant to the Accords.
b Including supply, transport, architectural and engineering services that support all Agency programmes.
Third session of the Conference of the Parties
34. This first phase of the project was completed in 1997.
4. Notes the encouragement given to the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights to continue, within the framework of her mandate, to collect information from all concerned and to seek the views and comments of Governments so as to be able to respond effectively to reliable information that comes before her and to follow up communications and country visits;
The list will be finalized after the Economic and Social Council completes its work in 1999.
(a) ECA needed to recruit technical staff, including a conference centre manager, as provided for in the 1996-1997 budget, and establish a management committee with oversight responsibilities;
6. Also due for implementation are other “non-output services” and operational activities that are not precisely quantified in the programme budget and are less measurable.
The purpose of this extended training is to acquaint the trainees with the principles, objectives, and structures of competition law and policy within the member State and its interrelationship with EU competition policy.
“9. Commends the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women for reducing the backlog of reports, inter alia, through improved methods of work;
It plays an important role in the elimination of sub-standard ships.
In Colombia for the period 1977—1985, gradual trade liberalization led to higher and steadier growth than in Chile, a lowering of price-cost margins and increased efficiency, with efficiency growth being largest in highly concentrated industries. / Ibid. See also Gray, op. cit.
More specifically, it is intended for use by policy-makers and economic operators engaged in exporting.
When performing either tests corrections shall be made for any variation of the ambient temperature from the assumed ambient temperature reference value of 30°C.
Once these actions have been completed, the Secretariat will recalculate and confirm rates of reimbursement for all missions.
In its resolution 1987/17 of 2 September 1987, the Sub-Commission endorsed the recommendation and requested Mr. Alfonso Martínez to draft the general outline of such a study.
UNFPA has drafted the necessary financial regulation and rule required to comply with the United Nations accounting standards.
1020. The Committee is concerned about the absence of a comprehensive policy for children at the federal level.
Proposed final biennial support budget for 1996–1997 and proposed initial biennial support budget for 1998–1999 (17 November 1997)
UNCTAD was at the forefront in the dissemination of the use of international standards such as EDIFACT for ETOs, although in practice only around 10 per cent of ETOs respected the standards.
The President informed the General Assembly that, with regard to the Secretary-General’s wish to nominate Mr. Klaus Töpfer Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme for a four-year term of office beginning on 1 January 1998, he had been advised by the Secretary-General that the effective date for the beginning of the term of office should be adjusted to 1 February 1998.
The 1996 amendment standardized protection against market risk (arising from possible changes in the prices of financial instruments in which a bank has an exposure) and in doing so allowed banks to use internal risk models to figure the required capital backing; it also put regulators in the position of assessing risk management models.
27. Takes note of the requests by Gabon, Guinea, Haiti and Kyrgyzstan for information centres or information components;
According to the document, Israel justified the denial of permits on the grounds that the products did not meet the required standards, even if the same products were imported in Israel by an Israeli agent without any difficulty.
8. The panellists observed that there had been a plethora of international programmes for Africa under the auspices of the United Nations system which had failed to produce tangible results.
54. The International Planned Parenthood Federation (IPPF) actively followed up the Fourth World Conference through its programmes at the international, regional and national levels.
9. A Supplementary Fund shall be established by the Secretary-General of the United Nations and managed by the head of the Convention Secretariat.
23 See “Strengthening the architecture of the global financial system”, report of G-7 Finance Ministers to G-7 Heads of State or Government for their meeting in Birmingham, 15 May 1998, para. 17.
Central American Integration System (General Assembly resolution 50/2)
8. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
In 1993, following a recommendation by the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the General Assembly adopted resolution 48/157 of 20 December 1993, recommending that the Secretary-General appoint an independent expert to study the impact of armed conflict on children.
Item 27. Letter dated 22 March 1984 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/16431).
The Non-Governmental Organizations Fund has contributed significantly to the development of local non-governmental organizations and their capacities.
77. The Committee recommends that the provisions of the Convention be widely publicized among the general public and, in particular, among teachers, social workers, law enforcement officials, prison staff, medical personnel, judges, lawyers and members of other professions who are concerned with the implementation of the Convention.
35. A portion of underexpenditure for personnel is attributable to problems in administration and record-keeping; as such it is not really underexpenditure, since eventually accounting records will have to be reconciled.
22. The UNIDIR seminar on “Illegal Traffic of Small Arms and Sensitive Technologies”, held from 23 to 25 April 1997 at Buenos Aires, underlined the relationship between narcotraffic and terrorism and the threat they pose to the stability of States through access to small arms or materials related to weapons of mass destruction.
In this regard, the Group draws attention to the table and graphs contained in the annex to the present report, which show the trend in expenditure by UNRWA per refugee since 1987.
The Team has assisted organizations and institutions to lobby for changes in the law and in its practice, and to improve the service of these institutions to the public through seminars and other methods.
In parallel, the organization is assisting in the prioritized integration of clearance of unexploded ordnance with other development programmes.
There will be a briefing by Ms. Angela King, Assistant Secretary-General and Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, on the issue of “Gender mainstreaming: A Challenge to Business as Usual?” on Friday, 7 November 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
It is necessary to turn them in real terms into influential public institutions in society, rather than to continue, in a radical form, the traditions and functions inherited from Soviet times.
a United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 399, No. 5742.
37. The Conference of the Parties requested that, based on submissions from Parties, the Executive Secretary provide inputs to the meetings of the Commission in order to ensure that any future work of the Commission in those areas fully incorporates considerations of biological diversity and makes full use of existing materials and national guidelines.
35. The persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies discussed issues relating to the effective implementation of international human rights instruments and the improvement of the operation of the relevant human rights treaty bodies at their seventh meeting which was held at the United Nations Office at Geneva from 16 to 20 September 1996.
This subject was discussed extensively in the meeting of the Fifth Committee.
Of course, the current policy framework does have positive elements which allow Palestinian trade to become more vibrant and gradually assume the role of a growth generating sector.
GREENTIE provides information on technology to all countries, but transmits information from sources only within the OECD member countries.
16. In Tajikistan, the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT) is operating in a volatile environment, and is assisting a peace process that is moving forward only very slowly.
516. The Committee also recommends that greater efforts be made to promote the participation of children in family, school and social life, and the effective enjoyment of their fundamental freedoms, including the freedom of opinion, expression and association.
The Court is aware that that Tribunal has certain needs which it itself does not have (for example, for investigators in the field, or witness protection programmes).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 99.
Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance of the United Nations, including special eco-nomic assistance [20]:
The Office of the President of the General Assembly is located on the second floor of the Conference building.
15. In its submission of 29 June 1998, Cape Verde informed the Secretary-General that it had no industrial fishing fleet and that its vessels, because of their small size, were not engaged in high seas fishing with large pelagic drift-nets.
74. The Special Representative welcomes the release of detained persons on humanitarian grounds, and notes the improved conditions in several cachots.
REPORT OF THE INTERNATIONAL TRIBUNAL FOR THE PROSECUTION OF PERSONS
Likewise, the Declaration on the Right to Development provides, in its article 3, that States have the primary responsibility for the creation of national and international conditions favourable to the realization of the right to development and that States have the duty to cooperate with each other in ensuring development and eliminating obstacles to development.
(j) Letter dated 16 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of the Federated States of Micronesia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the communiqué of the twenty-ninth South Pacific Forum, held at Palikir, Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia, on 24 and 25 August 1998 (A/53/416);
16. At its resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December, the Committee had before it a draft decision entitled “Items for consideration by the Fifth Committee during the resumed fifty-third session of the General Assembly” (A/C.5/53/L.28), submitted by the Chairman.
The expenditures incurred by those organizations are included in the financial statements of UNEP for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.
Capacity-building through training, fellowships and funding is being provided as is assistance to non-governmental organizations and the Palestinian Independent Commission for Citizens’ Rights.
14. Requests the Ad Hoc Committee to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session in the event of the completion of the draft convention for the suppression of acts of nuclear terrorism;
7. Requests the Executive Secretary to provide copies of the report to the Secretary-General and copies of the report as well as the tables containing the breakdown of the amounts to be paid to each individual claimant to each respective Government and international organization.
Furthermore, for rice and other cereal products, Japan, under the same safeguard provisions, has a system of import mark-ups for government-related imports, which can reach up to 550 per cent for rice: these mark-ups may be tariffied in the future.
Finally, we aim to continue providing support for human rights institutions even after a country moves beyond the peace-building stage.
43. The following activities were undertaken:
4. The fourth session of the Conference of the Parties will be held in Buenos Aires from 2 to 13 November 1998.
The Secretary-General attaches great importance to ensuring that UNU is contributing effectively to the work of the United Nations system. In this regard, the Secretary-General wishes to recall that in both a previous and a current report to the General Assembly, reference has been made to the important progress being made in strengthening UNU collaboration and interfacing with the United Nations over the past few years (A/51/324 and A/53/408).
6.21 For the biennium 1998–1999, the objectives and corresponding expected results and performance indicators would be as follows:
Recommendations should be addressed to all parties involved in the endeavours to improve transit systems, including governments, administrations, transit transport operators and the UNCTAD secretariat.
267. At its 8th and 9th meetings, on 4 June 1998, the Committee considered the annual overview report of the Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC) for 1997 (E/1998/21).
“Scarcely had the right-wing Likud Party and the ruling right-wing coalition taken the reins of power in Israel than a fervent settlement campaign was set in motion, a campaign which all official agencies endeavoured to carry out in full cooperation with the settlement movements and Jewish settler groups in the occupied West Bank and Gaza Strip.
Ad hoc arrangements currently in place were considered by them to be adequate in addressing the problem.
The working group established in February 1998 to revise the rules of procedure to ensure consistency with all major General Assembly and Economic and Social Council resolutions, including compliance with all reporting requirements, is expected to report to the Executive Board at its third regular session of 1998. Notes
Such financial institution may not serve as an agent of the United States Government or serve as a repository for United States Government funds.
In accordance with the accounting policy disclosed in note 2 (b), non-expendable equipment held by the Programme is not shown as an asset in the statement of assets and liabilities.
This is to be made available to the participants, in all languages, at least 10 working days before their consideration.
The mandate of MONUA was extended by subsequent Security Council resolutions, the latest of which was resolution 1180 (1998), by which the mandate was extended until 15 August 1998.
MSA represented the total contribution of the organization towards living expenses instead of any other cost-of-living allowance (i.e. post adjustment) or per diem at the duty station and in lieu of mobility and hardship allowance.
In addition to introducing value-for-money contracting, it has striven to lower costs and to improve the quality of its services by means of decentralization.
To be fully effective, it was recommended that UNCTAD continue to liaise closely with the subregional intergovernmental organizations in its endeavours.
(c) Access be given as soon as possible to the International Committee of the Red Cross and other independent observers.
Once he reportedly came back to his cell at Insein Prison with swollen legs and a puffed face after having been subjected to four days of interrogation.
(v) The possibility of consolidating some of the reports that are requested every year should continue to be examined.
44. As regards foodstuffs, strong control of food crop markets used to be exercised in 15 out of 28 sub-Saharan countries.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 14 December 1998, addressed to you by His Excellency Mr. Aytuğ Plümer, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus (see annex).
Other matters, including the consideration and adoption of decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies, would be dealt with directly in plenary meetings.
(e) Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons.
Concern was also expressed about the shift of points to developing countries that would be involved, although some members suggested that this could be offset at the aggregate level by an upward adjustment to the gradient of the low per capita income adjustment.
To India, we offered several proposals to prevent the nuclearization of South Asia.
1. Sustainable development and international economic co-operation [97]
The present report is submitted in response to General Assembly resolution 52/235 of 26 June 1998.
Those documents could prove useful in the preparation of cases before the courts.
845. The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen coordination between the various governmental bodies and mechanisms involved in children's rights, at both the national and local levels, with a view to developing a comprehensive policy on children and ensuring effective evaluation of the implementation of the Convention.
(a) Once the obligation in paragraph 163 above becomes effective, a description of the national measurement system that it has in place;
The new Palestinian development plan was geared towards the creation of new job opportunities, ending the decline of national income and encouraging private investment.
The unutilized balance of $2,691,400 was due primarily to lower expenditures for environmental clean-up.
In the instant case, the State party has not shown that it took all reasonable measures to ensure the authors’ continued presence at the trial, despite their alleged disruptive behaviour.
Militant Muslims are alleged to have murdered Judge Arif Iqbal Bhatti because he had acquitted Christians accused of blasphemy.
Global Environment Facility (GEF). The functions within the AIJ described for the host country participants included: acting as a government contact for activity implementation, ownership of the facility at the activity site, local investor and developer, agencies that are responsible for reporting on and implementing AIJ, emissions testing, and activity evaluation.
12. Central Asia’s resolve to open up to trade and investment has been matched by international support, in terms of credit finance for maintenance and development of transport infrastructure and technical assistance to increase the efficiency of its transit transport systems.
In April 1996, UNDCP, with the support of ICPO/Interpol and the World Customs Organization, organized drug law enforcement workshops in Kyrgyzstan involving the CIS member States in central Asia and States in south-west Asia.
1995-1998 Ambassador-at-Large, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, Ankara.
Additional work should be done to clarify the evaluation parameters and the definition of a standard report on indicators so as to ensure that the reporting system is as simple and direct as possible.
12. Notes with concern that some of the findings contained in the programme performance report for the biennium 1996–1997 are ambiguous and contradictory, and therefore some of the conclusions remain vague and general in nature;
Rather, by establishing a principle of non-discrimination, it was to be construed as making the domestic rules applicable to incorporation by reference in a paper-based environment equally applicable to incorporation by reference for the purposes of electronic commerce.
It was argued that it was necessary to rethink economic, social and cultural rights in an increasingly globalized and intercommunicating world.
In this regard, the Government of Jordan looks forward to close cooperation with the Office.
∙ natural resource (paper/minerals/water) consumption)
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Violence against women - a guide to your rights.
25. Moreover, since the local communications infrastructure is still unreliable, the United Nations VSAT system continues to be utilized as the major source of reliable communications.
1985 Consultant Expert for the United Nations Centre for Transnational Corporations.
17. The chairpersons provided information on recent activities of the treaty bodies they represented.
77 See MEPC 40/21, paras. 8.10-8.11; and summary of replies from member States in document MEPC 42/11/1.
17. The Special Committee has received the cooperation of the Governments of Egypt, Jordan and the Syrian Arab Republic, and of various Palestinian representatives.
The system should be compatible with the computer systems in the organizations of the common system and its introduction should be preceded by identification and quantification of savings in terms of reduced staff and other costs that would be effected as a result of automation.
IV. OTHER FORMS OF COOPERATION AND TRAINING
A variety of programmes are being undertaken with a wide range of local partners and United Nations specialized agencies.
“To broaden outreach, the development by the United Nations information centres of home pages in local languages will be further encouraged and supported.”
Our efforts must always be set in the context of the broader work of the Organization aimed at preventing and resolving conflicts, and at building cultures which reject violence.
The principle of erga omnes has been raised in the context of weapons and weapon testing.
Of those States, 5 have replied: Bhutan, Eritrea, Myanmar, the United Kingdom and Uzbekistan.
The Advisory Committee shares the concerns of the Inspectors with regard to the blurring of roles and, in this connection, recalls the provisions of General Assembly resolution 48/218 II. A/53/670
But talk is not enough; it is time for action.
962. The Committee welcomes the State party's seeking advice and technical assistance to ensure the full integration of the provisions of the Convention in its legislation, to establish a system of administration of juvenile justice, and to train professionals on the rights of the child.
19. The operational environment in rebel-held areas was negatively affected by the expulsion by SPLM in September 1997 of Action Contre la Faim (ACF), an NGO member of the southern sector consortium.
Potential trade effects also determine the appropriate timing and sectoral priorities in implementing national standards.
As regards the commitment to support the work of the Office of the Counsel for Human Rights, the main concern has to do with the limitations on its sustainability and the broadening of the scope of its activities, owing to the inadequate budgetary allocation for 1998 (A/52/757, para. 6).
The paper also examined the relationship of the Fund secretariat with the other member organizations and the costs related thereto, and provided a perspective for possible future developments as regards assistance and cooperation.
6.1 Before considering any claims contained in a communication, the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination must decide, pursuant to article 14, paragraph 7 (a), of the Convention, whether or not the current communication is admissible.
Also, in many, if not most, divorces in some countries, the fact that divorce would affect a spouse's contingent pension benefits was recognized in the divorce settlement, and compensation was granted for such contingent loss.
The Programme’s internal evaluation of its assistance to the non-governmental organization sector has led to a redirection of programmes towards development-oriented activities.
35. In paragraph 10 of its report of 3 April 1997 (A/51/851), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions recommended that future reports on the financing of UNFICYP include, in addition to the contribution of one third of the annual cost of UNFICYP provided by the Government of Cyprus, an annual pledge of the Government of Greece and all other voluntary contributions provided by the Government of Cyprus or any other entity.
The conditions under which they are held are deplorable, and there is no certainty as to when they will be tried and how fair the process will be.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
The National Reconstruction Programme was presented to the Donors’ Conference which convened in Paris on 7 April 1998 and in which the representative of the Secretary-General in Liberia participated on behalf of the United Nations.
For example, a country that relies mainly on export revenues from one or two commodities will most likely exhibit a trading structure comprised mainly of large enterprises or monopolies (often state-owned), whereas a country that has a high level of manufactured exports will most likely exhibit a trading structure involving a greater number of enterprises, particularly small and medium-size enterprises.
Deeply alarmed at the persistence, on a large scale, of extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions in all parts of the world,
However, a significant number of the proposed reintegration projects could not be implemented, due to budget cuts imposed by a severe funding shortfall.
COMMUNICATIONS TO THE EDITOR Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
Consequently, the full involvement of all actors concerned - national Governments, international organizations, academic and research institutions, banks and other financial entities, non-governmental organizations, industries, etc. - is essential in order to ensure the successful implementation of the World Solar Programme 1996-2005.
The European Union emphasizes that food aid will be required for at least another year.
The Agency remained limited in the number of vehicles it could use to transport international staff across the Allenby Bridge, and in addition was required to provide a 24-hour pre-notification for each crossing of an international staff member who did not possess the special crossing card.
9. Dates of the twentieth session of the Committee
The Seminar will be conducted by Prof. Altshuler (Columbia University/Rutgers University) today, 9 December 1997, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room B. terested staff members are invited to attend.
The second will address selected topics, including other areas of ECE work.
Non-governmental organizations in consultative status are classified for the purpose of their participation in the activities of UNCTAD.
This part draws upon a fuller overview of work already done in this field which was recommended at the first session of the Commission.
42. The representative of Mexico described his country’s projects aimed at developing internal and external competition in the period 1996 through 2000.
Les King (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), Forensic Science Service, London
2. It was noted that the plan of action, if appropriately elaborated and implemented, would contribute to enhancing trading prospects of least developed countries and their speedy integration into today's rapidly globalizing and liberalizing world economy and trade.
His Excellency Mr. Kofi Annan Secretary-General of the United Nations
(c) The share of MONUA for the cost of an annual subscription to Jeppesen’s aircraft database ($1,700), which will be maintained in New York;
Where is the way out? The first and the most important thing to be done is to introduce a procedure for maintaining prices for the main kinds of agricultural produce, which is a common practice in the majority of market economies.
∙ Management audit of the United Nations recruitment process
The Committee continued its consideration of these items in closed session.
The cost of aviation fuel is estimated at $5,300 per month ($60,400) and 10 per cent of the fuel cost is provided for oil and lubricants ($6,000).
Act as subregional counterparts of donor agencies in their commercialization and privatization support programmes;
This programme has been coordinated by the tripartite group made up of the European Union, ESA and Eurocontrol.
483. In the field of education, the Committee recommends that the State party take appropriate measures to prevent school drop-outs and that the current existing programmes to retain children in schools be reinforced.
Upon request, the Committee was provided with a breakdown of the income components, comprising contributions, interest income, public donations and other income and cost-sharing contributions for 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 (annex I to this report).
58. The Assistant Secretary-General for Public Information gave an overview of the contents of the note to the Committee and indicated that the Secretary-General was in concurrence with the conceptual approach and thrust of the main recommendations of the Task Force.
The Unit updates the standard cost manual; prepares standard ratios based on historical data and experience in the field; coordinates, plans, designs, develops, implements and maintains an effective data-processing and management information system and provides analysis of data downloaded from IMIS.
3. The Committee also studies the biological effects of exposure to ionizing radiation and estimates the inherent risks of harm to health from such exposure.
V. Foundations for peace-building and development
42. The Mission reiterates what it stated in previous reports concerning violations of this legal right through omission and delay on the part of officials of the Public Prosecutor’s Office in the investigation of crimes, the typical slowness of court procedures and the lack of coordination among the various components of the justice system in carrying out arrests, raids, searches and other urgent operations.
(ii) for other non-refrigerated liquefied gases, not less than the sum of:
(b) Historical share of greenhouse gas emissions;
UNICEF estimates suggest that the demand is about 50 applicants for every healthy infant.
The proportion of SHCs within the total registered refugee population increased slightly, from 5.4 per cent to 5.6 per cent.
137. The Committee was of the view that the review by the Legal Subcommittee of the status of the five international legal instruments governing outer space was a significant development in the revitalization of its work.
The Committee further requested that the report should be simplified and all amendments and corrections should be incorporated into the new document.
Annex. List of documents before the Commission at its thirty-first session
As the employment of retirees was governed as well by other existing directives, including administrative instruction ST/AI/213/Rev.1 of 18 July 1984, OIOS decided to assess compliance with the provisions of decision 51/408 and those directives.
As the gratis personnel are being phased out, the proposal for a total of 96 posts amounts, in effect, to a request to convert the two former gratis positions into support account posts.
It produced a six-part series on law of the sea matters and interviewed both the Deputy Secretary-General of the International Sea-Bed Authority and the Registrar of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea.
The Programme for Biotechnology in Latin America and the Caribbean (UNU/BIOLAC) in Caracas;
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan to
(c) Piecemeal decisions of the Sub—Commission;
The lesson learning and accountability for performance aspects of evaluation remain underemphasized.
Costs charged to commercial activities need to be reviewed to ensure that no hidden subsidies to those activities are being made.
• Assessing the global trend in diagnostic x-ray examinations, and use of radiopharmaceuticals, and radio therapy;
Governments may also wish to consider whether to decide to report to the General Assembly on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action every two years.
10. Internal controls have also been categorized by their intended purpose: to prevent errors (for example, by segregating duties and authorization requirements); to detect errors (for example, by establishing production standards to detect variances in actual results); to correct errors that have been detected (for example, by collecting an overpayment to a vendor); or to compensate for weak controls where the risk of loss is high and additional controls are needed.
105. Following the debate, the Security Council adopted a presidential statement (S/PRST/1998/18), in which the Council recognized the importance of the mandate of the Special Representative, supported his activities and welcomed his cooperation with all relevant programmes, funds and agencies of the United Nations system.
Cuba to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
The “stakeout” coverage by United Nations Television is now also done live, and consequently, the coverage is often broadcast live on the various cable news television channels.
B. Draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.12 and Rev.1
The only reported exception to this rule is that agricultural and forestry-based commercial and marketing cooperatives are exempted from corporation and trade taxes if they conduct business exclusively with their own members.
The investigatory powers of the Competition Directorate in identifying and recording unlawful behaviour cover an extensive sphere of application ranging from regulation of the prices of certain products to market transparency and individual or collective competitive abuses.
In January, the teachers in Équateur had not been paid for 12 months, and in Bandundu, they had not been paid for 10 months.
A preliminary reading of the recent UNCTAD document “Promoting the transfer and use of environmentally sound technology: a review of policies” showed that it addressed, inter alia, measures relevant to the climate change issue.
Mobilizing domestic resources for development
5. UNCTAD's contribution to the implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s: Performance, prospects and policy issues
A common plan for the development of further enhancements in the area of human resources during 1999 is being coordinated with UNDP, UNICEF and the ILO.
19. UNICEF should develop, in order to improve the financial performance of its greeting card and related operations, new marketing, advocacy and sales promotional strategies in order to increase the volume of its product sales and also increase its fund-raising.
The United States Government may prohibit any United States financial institution from making loans or providing credits to any sanctioned person totalling more than $10 million in any 12-month period unless such person is engaged in activities to relieve human suffering and the loans or credits are provided for such activities;
11. A number of serious violations of international law and breaches of the international legal order have been recognized as international crimes.
Improvement of the status of women in the Secretariat
(e) Encourages UNHCR and States to strengthen their efforts to promote broader accession to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees1 and its 1967 Protocol2 and to cooperate to promote a universal and full implementation of these instruments;
Since the integration of the United Nations and Croatian centres, more minefield records, mine-clearance records and mine-incident records have been received from the Ministry of Interior and the Croatian Army.
Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the sub-item entitled ‘Convention on Biological Diversity’.”
All interested delegations, non-governmental organizations, representatives of the press and Secretariat staff are invited to attend.
46. With the same objective, one could consider the establishment of a tripartite appointment board (Commission/organizations/staff) to make recommendations, through a shortlist, for appointments to senior positions.
As an illustration, UNFPA intervention will focus upon the implementation of the Emergency Programme drafted by the Ministry of Health.
The Award may not be conferred upon any Government or head of State or Government or upon any United Nations organization or official.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 1999.
14. The Department of Humanitarian Affairs in January 1996 adopted procedures for two types of evaluations, lessons learned and thematic studies.
Infant industry policies have been successful in some instances, but there have also been many failures.
13. Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Institute, as well as with the United Nations funds and programmes, to continue to explore ways and modalities to systematically utilize the Institute in the execution of training and capacity-building programmes;
(a) To request the Secretary-General to submit a report on the rights of the child to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session containing information on the status of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the problems addressed in the present resolution;
94. Committee on the Rights of the Child, twenty-first session [General Assembly resolutions 44/25, 47/112 and 49/211]
The current activities of OSCE in the area of transparency and the ongoing efforts of OAS to promote greater security-sector transparency could be highlighted as potential models for other regions.
Two workshops for earth station operators (20 participants each, in 2000 and 2001, at $55,000 each) (in support of activity (c) under para. 35).
The table gives a conservative figure of 11% of the population since it uses official and restrictive definitions of "indigenous peoples", distinguishing them from peasant populations.
The occupying Power should be made accountable and fully answerable for these new illegal acts.
42. Detailed summaries for precursors (including both substances listed in the tables of the 1988 Convention and others not listed) used in the illicit manufacture of amphetamine-type stimulants are contained in the report of the Expert Meeting on Amphetamine-type Stimulants held at Shanghai, China, in November 1996 (E/CN.7/1997/6) and are therefore not included here.
The objective is to reduce the number of illegal small arms in circulation and to reduce the flow of illegal weapons into South Africa.
(b) Note by the Secretary-General (A/52/330);
They shall establish the necessary conditions for the further progressive development and intensification of bilateral economic cooperation in such promising areas as hydroelectric power, the mining industry, transit and transportation, agriculture and the processing of agricultural products, coordination in respect of industrial and financial cooperation, and also the use and protection of natural resources,
He also included an increased level of activity and resources under the regular programme of technical cooperation ($1.3 million) to provide increased advisory services to developing countries through field missions, pilot technical cooperation activities, and the organization of additional seminars and workshops.
These invoices are due upon receipt and should be settled by cheque paid to the order of “United Nations” and sent to the United Nations Garage Administration (room CB-021, ext. 36212 and 36213). Entrance to the grounds
These requirements relate mainly to the Secretary-General’s revised estimates and statements of programme budget implications to be considered by the General Assembly at its current session, e.g., the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala, the Integrated Management Information System, the United Nations/Organization of American States International Civilian Mission in Haiti, and the special missions to Afghanistan and Bougainville.
In the context of a UNDCP multisectoral project, Turkish experts in health care and drug law enforcement provided training to neighbouring countries, particularly CIS member States.
A linkage has been established between the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services, as Executive Coordinator for Common Services, and the Inter-agency Procurement Working Group, consisting of procurement officials of the United Nations system.
Very often international cooperation was used as a weapon in the play of political balance.
The Committee was informed that if 38 additional service personnel are hired as regular local staff, their estimated cost (salaries plus common staff costs) would be $1,320,800; however, if they are hired as contractual personnel, based on an average monthly salary of $950 per person, the total cost would be $433,200.
802 (XXX) African Platform for Action: African Common Position on the Advancement of Women
A number of factors are important to, and would therefore play a decisive role, in determining the effectiveness of the operations of the Global Mechanism.
6. The Committee had before it a statement of the programme budget implications of the draft resolution, submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly (A/C.1/53/L.63).
In this regard, the Committee suggests that the authorities responsible for overall planning and budgeting continue to be fully involved in the activities of the Ghana National Commission on Children, with a view to ensuring that their decisions have a direct and positive impact on the budget.
Additional sources of concern are the presence of a number of organizations and publications which promote racist and xenophobic ideas, and reports that the State party has not been sufficiently active in effectively countering racial violence against members of minority groups.
6.6.5.3.1.4 Criteria for passing the test
They included, for instance, the following: reasons of national defence; cases where there was only one source capable of providing the required service (e.g. because it involved the use of patented technology or special know-how); lack of experienced personnel or of an adequate administrative structure to conduct competitive selection procedures; or cases where a higher administrative authority of the host country had authorized such an exception for reasons of public interest.
34. The General Committee also draws the attention of the Assembly to paragraph 6 of its resolution 35/10 A of 3 November 1980, which reads as follows:
Significant corrective actions have been implemented since 1994 by the responsible departments to protect the United Nations from similar over-expenditures in the future.
Information on the cost estimates is contained in annexes IV and V.
60. No provision is required under this heading.
95. At its 17th meeting, on 15 June 1998, the Committee considered the proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.
Changes in climate could have significant impacts in some sectors and in some regions of the United Kingdom, both of a beneficial and of an adverse nature.
(c) Subprogrammes, consisting, within a programme, of all activities that are directed at the accomplishment of one medium-term objective or several closely related objectives.
The work of these commissions has begun to bear fruit, with the submission, in recent months, of the initial report of the Joint Commission on Land Rights and the final reports of the Commission for the Official Recognition of Indigenous Languages and the Commission on Educational Reform.
The review of market opportunities and constraints for vertical diversification in four subsectors of the food processing sector in developing countries has revealed a number of common elements besides the specificities of each area.
Despite the mine-removal activities carried out by the Nicaraguan army, in cooperation with the Organization of American States and the Inter-American Defence Council, only 50 per cent of registered mines left over from the war have been found.
UNFPA has shifted country support team intervention to the strategic stages of the programme cycle, such as the mid-term review, with a consequent reduction in project advisory work.
Provision for maintenance supplies is based on 10 per cent of annual rental costs and reflects actual consumption of supplies in the mission area.
They committed heinous crimes, kidnapping, killing, raping and using civilians as a human shield and terrorizing and massacring citizens of all nationalities who refused to embrace their criminal goals.
This approach would make it possible to eliminate several sources of violations of economic, social and cultural rights;
6.6.3.4.1 The minimum shell thickness shall be the greater thickness based on:
26. The Board had before it a document submitted by the Director-General on issues arising from the withdrawal of the United States (IDB.18/11), a note by the Secretariat on options for the recovery of arrears (IDB.18/18) and PBC conclusion 97/2 on the financial situation of UNIDO including the withdrawal of the United States of America.
The majority of projects in the region will be implemented through involvement of other United Nations agencies, including UNOPS, UNDP, ILO and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO).
A revised administrative instruction, to replace the most recent on the subject (ST/AI/213/Rev.1 of 18 July 1984), is in the final stages of clearance and will be issued by the end of 1998.
Implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations
The European Union remains very concerned at the current humanitarian tragedy of the populations in southern Sudan.
As agreed by the AGBM at its sixth session, however, the names of proposing Parties are no longer included (FCCC/AGBM/1997/3, para. 16).
28. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Inter-
In parallel with its occupation and the repeated acts of aggression that affect the lives of thousands of families, Israel pursues a number of practices in the areas which it occupies that demonstrate utter contempt for the norms and principles agreed upon by the international community in its conventions.
There was also a lively exchange of views on the role of incentives in investment promotion.
At least five youths are known to have been wounded by gunfire, although the security forces claimed that they had only fired warning shots in the air.
The majority of complaints received are administrative in nature.
REPORT OF THE AD HOC GROUP ON ARTICLE 13 ON THE WORK OF ITS FOURTH SESSION, BONN, 25-28 FEBRUARY 1997
Last year the financial crisis become very acute and far-reaching.
9. The Commission elected the following officers:
(c) Reports in The Jerusalem Times, Ha’aretz and The Jerusalem Post in 1998;
Algeria, Argentina, Bangladesh, Brazil, Chile, China, Colombia, Cuba, Djibouti, El Salvador, Guyana, India, Jordan, Lebanon, Lesotho, Mauritius, Mexico, Mozambique, Oman, Pakistan, Saint Lucia, Sri Lanka, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Viet Nam.
There has been little effort to establish institutions needed for the effective functioning of such schemes in SSA.
In both cases, the peak levels of cash in-flows follow the semi-annual pattern now adopted by the United Nations for the bulk of peacekeeping assessments.
Medical supplies provided by the Government of Germany.
(a) Expenditures in statement V (United Nations General Fund) include $36.9 million relating to the regular programme of technical cooperation shown as income in statement VIII (technical cooperation activities), $15.4 million shown as income in statement XVIII (construction in progress and Integrated Management Information System (IMIS), and $0.4 million shown as income in statement XX (funds held in trust).
147. Major efforts are needed to promote and ensure the rights of the child in the field of education, to reform the system of juvenile justice, to end the practice of recruiting minors into the armed forces and to combat other hazardous child labour, including child prostitution.
(c) Coordination with the Commission for Social Development
(b) Tel Miryam: 800 metres west of the village of Mahmas and 1.5 kilometres east of the village of Jaba, near the Ramallah bypass road;
Upon instructions from my Government and further to my letter dated 28 October 1998, I have the honour to draw your attention to new violations of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and of the flight information region of Nicosia by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, recorded on 29 and 30 October 1998.
She noted that the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women had been published in a simplified version by the Ministry of Women’s Affairs and Social Development.
24. The Office should ensure that all systems are tested for year 2000 compliance, with sufficient lead time to address any deficiencies (para. 79).
In addition to the “topping up” by the Paris Club to 80 per cent reduction, the funding of its $650 million relief package is secured.
218. Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 918 (1994) concerning Rwanda
27. UNESCO continued, through the period under review, to refine the modalities of cooperation with the OIC system and to expand the areas of cooperation.
10. The Heads of State noted the urgency of developing cooperation in the field of environmental protection, and called for the adoption of urgent measures on an international scale to stabilize the environmental situation in the region of the participating countries.
76. The Chairman of CCAQ noted that the total compensation comparison between the German and the United States federal civil services confirmed that the United States was no longer the highest-paying civil service.
ECDC has also moved beyond the mainly intraregional focus that had characterized previous efforts to involve interregional or cross-regional initiatives.
• In 2 of the 12 most recent project documents, the drug control objectives were not accurately reflected in the scope of the projects.
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance (A/53/623, para. 17, draft resolution III)
Threats were also made against the parents of those listed, telling them not to protect their children if they wished to go on living.
It is also hypocritical not to mention the Lefconiko military airport in the occupied area of Cyprus, which is one of the biggest airports in the Middle East under the absolute control of the Turkish occupation army.
In recent years, Egypt has been affected by a rise in the cultivation of opium poppy in the region of south Sinai, where approximately 30 tonnes of opium poppy were seized and destroyed by the Egyptian authorities in 1996.
These detection methods will enhance the ability of Governments to protect their populations from biological threats and improve the credibility and effectiveness of international BW arms control efforts.
V. POSSIBLE FEATURES OF A PROTOCOL OR ANOTHER LEGAL INSTRUMENT
26. The various technical aspects of the process of determining the proportionate share were the subject of discussions involving the Fund's Consulting Actuary, the Rapporteur of the Committee of Actuaries, the Consulting Actuary to WTO and the Secretary of the Board.
In East Africa, the Northern Corridor Transit Agreement (NCTA) The Agreement, whose signatories are Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, Uganda and Zaire, was renewed in October 1996 for another 10 years. continues to be an important vehicle for promoting various cooperative transit transport arrangements referred to above.
The current Committee for 1998 consists of nine members only: Cape Verde, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Lesotho, Netherlands, Romania and Thailand.
Three workshops will bring together key economic officials from the subregion and other experts to discuss economic issues common to the subregion.
What other structures might effectively serve such a purpose?
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 64 and 81, and of the Security Council.
Working paper submitted by Ms. Kalliopi K. Koufa in
75. On the whole, the reform of the justice sector is moving slowly, partly because of the constraints imposed by the existing constitutional framework and the uncertainty surrounding the constitutional reform process, and partly because of institutional resistance to change.
50. Through education, science and culture, UNESCO promotes regional cooperation among African countries.
I call upon Mr. Clerides to seize this opportunity rather than letting it pass by.
First and foremost among these partners are the media.
(j) Letter dated 5 November 1998 from the Chairman of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) addressed to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/53/44).
Current appropriations for 1998–1999 special political missions amounting to $61.9 million have therefore been excluded.
Annex III Informal summary of the discussions in the Working Group, prepared by the Rapporteur
The Committee agreed that the country rapporteur should take the lead in drawing up the list of questions and issues and that her introductory report should be sent to the pre-session working group to assist it in its work.
(b) Operative paragraph 6 was replaced by the following text:
(b) A review of the roster to identify experts with the required scientific and regional backgrounds;
Within this scenario, F-16 and A-7 warplanes from Greece will land at the Paphos military airbase in South Cyprus and Greek submarines, warships and frigates will also participate in what amounts to a new provocative show of force by the Greek-Greek Cypriot camp.
24. The largest percentage of retirees engaged in the biennium was in the group aged 60 to 65 years (54 per cent), as set out in table 6. A further 28 per cent were in the group aged 65 to 70 years.
1. Aware that, on the very eve of the twenty-first century, the nations of South-East Asia are called upon to rise to unprecedented new challenges, in a spirit of reinforced cooperation and solidarity, in order to consolidate peace and foster development for the benefit of their peoples,
The relations established between the Department for Disarmament Affairs and NGOs are briefly described here as an example.
71. The administrative instruction on consultants states that it is not advisable to waive competition solely on the argument that the proposed consultant enjoys a good relationship with UNICEF and has performed satisfactorily or that the selection process, based on competition, might take a longer time.
In accordance with the conclusions of the AGBM at its sixth session, (FCCC/AGBM/1997/3) the main document for the session will be the negotiating text by the Chairman (FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1).
Part B considers the provision of scientific advice and further guidance to assist in the national elaboration of annex I of the Convention; part C considers the review of methodologies for assessment of biological diversity; and part D emphasises the urgency of action needed on taxonomy.
120. Taking into account reports of cases of harassment and of excessive use of force by the police against minorities, especially against members of the Roma community, concern is raised that there may be insufficient training provided to law enforcement officials regarding the provisions of the Convention.
9. Takes note of the efforts made by the open-ended working group of the Commission on Human Rights on the elaboration of an optional protocol to the Convention, which is intended to establish a preventive system of regular visits to places of detention, and urges the Commission on Human Rights to complete as soon as possible a final text for submission to the General Assembly, through the Economic and Social Council, for consideration and adoption;
In addition, a central database of monitoring procedures should be established to ensure improved oversight of the monitoring process.
IDB.18/Dec.8 Working Capital Fund (IDB.18/SR.7, paras. 17-18) 16
Accordingly, during the biennium 1998-1999, the legal programme will bring investigators, prosecutors and judges together to solve their drug-related casework problems in workshops in which the participants are drawn from all countries involved in the most important interregional trafficking routes.
VI. Signature of the status-of-forces agreement
The Committee draws attention to the fact that, despite the legislative changes and the commitment of the Government of Peru to implement the Convention, change would not come about in practice unless efforts are made to change society’s attitudes to and prejudices with respect to women.
The Senior Research Coordinator, Research Section, Technical Services Branch of UNDCP, summarized the findings of the first Expert Meeting on Amphetamine-type Stimulants that had led to the revised version of the global review, which was before the current Expert Meeting as a background document.
It enables users of the information to assess an enterprise’s current and future prospects regarding the impact of environmental performance on the financial position of the enterprise.
To support the local presence and to restore the local potential, a number of United Nations organizations and international non-governmental organizations (NGOs) provide assistance for meeting immediate needs and for capacity development.
7. The standard definition of investment in many BITs is deliberately broad and open-ended.
It was pointed out that increased and sustained international assistance is crucial.
It was recognized that their programmes were directed towards empowerment, education and training, and employment of women.
Statements made in any of the six official languages of the General Assembly are interpreted into the other official languages.
(a) Improve monitoring to ensure that final expenditures by each section and responsibility centre are as close as possible to the allotments issued for the biennium (para. 27);
I would finally point out that the Greek Cypriot side has not yet formally accepted the five point proposals of the Secretary-General for the resolution of the issue of missing persons, which were conveyed to the two sides on 4 April 1996 and 4 December 1996.
There will be a panel discussion on “International migration, population and development” on Wednesday, 29 October 1997, from 3 p.m. to 4.30 p.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
44. This year, in close cooperation with the relevant substantive departments of the Secretariat and with organizations of the system, the Department has developed comprehensive communications programmes to promote several upcoming high-priority observances and conferences.
A. Consideration by the Special Committee
45. As in all areas of the Organization, however, it is one thing to identify urgent staffing requirements but quite another for the requisite posts to be funded and filled.
52/5 Regional cooperation in response to the spread and consequences of the human immunodeficiency virus/acquired immunodeficiency syndrome in the Asian and Pacific region
It should also be noted that orderly planning notwithstanding, one should be mindful of the fact that because of the age of the buildings, the need for emergency repairs will continue.
8. All posts were fully encumbered during the period.
Net income from revenue-producing activities had increased significantly, from $0.5 million in the biennium 1994-1995 to $4.3 million in the biennium 1996-1997.
This figure, as shown in table 6, includes estimated contributions of $100,289,000; incorporating $27,559,000 for general-purpose contributions, which decrease by 9.6 per cent compared to those for 1996-1997, and $72,730,000 for special-purpose contributions, which increase by 14.3 per cent.
They both pleaded not guilty in respect of all the charges against them.
Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara
Total fund balances declined from $73,284,162 to $63,337,911 at 31 December 1995 (A/51/5/Add.9, Statements I, II and III).
Furthermore, the possibilities offered by localization techniques such as Global Positioning Systems (GPS) could be investigated for eventual use.
Parties listed in Annex X shall submit an initial communication within six months of the entry into force of the Protocol for that Party.
He trusts that his efforts and those of OHCHR can expand such common ground.
22. With regard to DPKO, an in-depth evaluation and comprehensive review of its total human resources requirements was conducted.
A subregional drug control cooperation programme submitted by UNDCP and endorsed by the Governments of the countries in central Asia in May 1996 includes projects to strengthen cross-border cooperation and institution-building, to improve drug control measures and to monitor and reduce illicit crops.
With regard to the first issue, there is a need for the policies to be analysed separately and for the United Nations costs to be clearly identified and accounted for.
(g) At the end of operative paragraph 24, the words “the sub-item entitled ‘Implementation of human rights instruments’” were replaced by the words “the appropriate sub-items of the agenda”.
The Extrajudicial Commissions of Inquiry shall have the task of establishing the facts so that the truth can be found, and of preventing evidence from disappearing.
2. The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its 48th, 49th, 51st, 52nd, 54th, 55th, 58th and 59th meetings, on 10, 11, 13, 16, 20, 23, 26 and 27 March 1998.
the biennium 1994-1995 (resolution 50/205 B)
213. It is also noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee request that the possibility of making the declaration be considered.
The Commission did not take any decision regarding that suggestion.
There is still some technical scope for reducing CO2 emissions from stationary energy use, where special measures are taken to make substitution with electricity possible for industry and fishing vessels in harbours.
74. The Group considered whether the phrase “save in exceptional circumstances where it would be unjust to do so” should be deleted from subparagraph (a).
V.98-50952 (E) PREPARATIONS FOR THE SPECIAL SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY TO CONSIDER THE FIGHT AGAINST THE ILLICIT PRODUCTION, SALE, DEMAND,
15. Originally a Taliban idea endorsed by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and accepted by Afghanistan President Burhanuddin Rabbani in January 1998, the meeting took shape as a proposed Ulema Commission to settle the Afghan conflict in the light of the Sharia Islamic legal code.
Assistance should be rendered to clean up the site and remove the risk of the contamination of the Irtysh River.
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi
In section II the core concepts behind the Year, their recent evolution and the current status of the debate are summarized briefly.
8. In paragraph 2 of his report to the General Assembly at its forty-seventh session (A/47/452), the Secretary-General stated that the composition of the high-level Task Force would be reviewed in the light of the organizational changes in the Secretariat.
If funds were to be provided to computerize the Court’s case law and archives, the system would be far more effective still.
269. The Commission then turned to the human resources framework, which covered the following major areas: job classification, recruitment, career development, mobility, employment and contractual arrangements, geographical balance, gender balance, training and staff development and ethics.
31. The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights established the Human Rights Field Office in Kinshasa in December 1996.
In the third instalment of category “A” claims, four claims were found to be duplicates of claims previously awarded compensation.
The Commission also noted that effective organizations and institutions used a variety of management styles to achieve their goals; one of these was a team-based approach to work, often across organizational units, which was not in widespread use in the common system organizations.
There were 37 communications transmitting 236 complaints involving more than 3,500 people.
Eindhoven University of Technology Eindhoven, The Netherlands
31. On 6 April, the Government issued a statement accusing the Palestinian Authority of violating the Oslo Accords by being involved in the killing of Palestinians suspected of collaborating with Israel.
224. On 31 August 1997, two Palestinians were arrested by IDF soldiers while trying to cross from the Gaza Strip into Israel.
3. Also calls upon the Government of Iraq to cooperate with United Nations human rights mechanisms, in particular by receiving a return visit by the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights to Iraq and allowing the stationing of human rights monitors throughout Iraq pursuant to the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights;
Moreover, as he has already noted, in paragraph 17 of document A/52/534 and Corr.1, that efforts were being made to identify potential vendors in developing countries and in countries with economies in transition, and to increase the representation from those countries in the bidding for and award of contracts.
Of the 24 projects, 4 were in Africa, 6 were in Asia, 2 were in Europe and 12 were in Latin America.
Thirty-nine per cent of retirees engaged in 1995 were female.
In recent years, measures have been tightened up in Russia to combat the illicit proliferation of such weapons.
At 1615 hours the client militia fired three 81-mm mortar shells at the Mu`aytah woodland from its position on Rum hill.
The Committee further recommends that, like the United Nations, UNHCR provide interim unaudited financial statements every six months.
Proposals for the implementation of certain options are currently being developed and are to be finalized by the end of 1998.
In addition, intergovernmental bodies should notify Conference Services well in advance of any cancellations so that unutilized conference-servicing resources could, to the extent possible, be reassigned to meetings of regional and other major groupings of States.
∙ Report of the Secretary-General on the Work of the Organization
It would also help to identify, on a tentative basis, those economies that are most vulnerable to the severe impact of sanctions.
It is the message from a 56-year-old man who was dumped in the desert on the Eritrean-Ethiopian border, separated from his daughter, who died after walking more than 4 kilometres to the Eritrean side of the border in 44°C heat.
353. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in the Dominican Republic of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of the Dominican Republic, and particularly its government administrators and politicians, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps required in this regard.
The ICSC secretariat found that the data from the national statistical offices was not suitable and was not used because it was either aggregated at the country level rather than the city level or was based on a smaller sample size than that used by ICSC.
The Conference of the Parties shall decide, in consultation with the Secretary-General of the United Nations, on the distribution of any uncommitted balances after all liquidation expenses have been met.
Income from projects INT/95/801 and INT/97/802
The Secretariat is borrowing more and more from a smaller and smaller source.
The Board’s review disclosed that the bids were invited from the registered vendors in the vendor/supplier roster of the Procurement Division.
Item 36 of the provisional agendaA/53/150.
6. Human rights questions [112] (A/52/3, A/52/116, A/52/ 173, A/52/254-S/1997/567, A/52/262, A/52/286-S/1997/ 647, A/52/301-S/1997/668, A/52/347, A/52/432, A/52/ 437, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/589-S/1997/871)
Unfortunately, a new study of this area might well lead to the same desire again being expressed.
The reports also disclosed that documents supporting expenditures were inadequate and were not always checked for both substance and accuracy by responsible officers before processing.
3.2.2 Major programme — population/development (CERPOD)
In order to achieve an accurate comparison between the two systems, all relevant information must be gathered and as many claims as possible must be processed.
These countries have experienced a setback in development: their economies have declined, social conditions have worsened markedly, and they have become increasingly marginalized from the mainstream of the world economy.
8. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fifth session the item entitled “Maintenance of international security – prevention of the violent disintegration of States”.
The object of the meeting had been to encourage ratification of human rights instruments.
48. The staffing proposal for the Logistics and Communication Service of the Division provides for the conversion of 40 out of 41 gratis positions to support account posts and the establishment of eight new posts for the implementation of the peacekeeping assets management function referred to in paragraphs 19 and 20 above.
Annex III to the report contains detailed information on the additional requirements of $4.7 million under section 3, Peacekeeping operations and special missions.
Parties that are least developed countries may make their initial communication at their discretion.
The guidelines are expected to be issued by mid-1998.
- Timely dissemination of reports in print and via electronic mail (where available);
The ILO chaired the ACC Task Force on Full Employment and Sustainable Livelihoods, the main output of which was a synthesis report focusing on individual country employment reviews to identify the main lessons from their pursuit of full employment and sustainable livelihoods and explore whether these lessons can be replicated in other countries.
It is imperative that the good will demonstrated at Wye Plantation be translated into scrupulous implementation of the commitments made by both sides, thereby rebuilding confidence and raising new hope for peace, stability and security for all in the region.
For its part, the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), in the context of its two-pronged policy approach – strengthening local participation, and support for the decentralization of government – is providing assistance to the mobilization of community for self-sustainability and the strengthening of civil society.
At its 409th meeting, on 2 September 1998, the representative of the Secretariat presented an oral report on the matter.
Cosmos-2335 (launched by a Tsiklon-2 rocket carrier from the Baikonur launch site)
It is suggested that the above six programmes constitute the "main appropriation lines" in terms of rule 6 of the proposed financial rules, within each of which the head of the Secretariat may make transfers between objects of expenditure.
Approves the staffing table for the programme budget, including the post of the Executive Secretary at the level of Assistant Secretary General and two other senior posts at the level of D-2, as contained in Table 2 below;
Seminars, conferences and grants in 1997 and 1998
In accordance with the same resolution, following a review by the Security Council of the Secretary-General’s recommendation contained in his report on UNSMIH dated 24 March 1997 (S/1997/244), the mandate of the Mission was extended further for the final time until 31 July 1997.
and Ministerial Decisions Relating to the World Trade
In resolutions 50/141 and 52/80, it took note of the conceptual framework (A/50/114) and the operational framework (A/52/328) for the Year.
2. MICIVIH continued to liaise and cooperate with the United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti (MIPONUH) both in Port-au-Prince and in the field.
54. Any significant measurement uncertainties relating to a recognized environmental liability and the range of possible outcomes should be disclosed.
Less prevalent, but with far more serious health and social effects, is the abuse of heroin and cocaine.
3. Expresses its deep concern about the growing number of unaccompanied refugee and internally displaced children, and calls upon all States and United Nations bodies and agencies to ensure the early identification and registration of unaccompanied refugee and internally displaced children, to give priority to programmes for family tracing and reunification and to continue monitoring the care arrangements for unaccompanied refugee and internally displaced children;
The Secretary-General expressed a preference for option (a).
9. Liabilities included contributions received in advance from UNDP of $572,860, other liabilities of $358,242 (deferred income), unliquidated obligations of $594,491, and inter-fund balances payable of $40,395.
102. At its 1496th meeting, on 13 July 1998, the Special Committee decided to authorize its Rapporteur to prepare and submit directly to the General Assembly the various chapters of the report of the Special Committee in accordance with established practice and procedure.
5. Recent developments also include the adoption of a number of changes to the Rules of Procedure and Evidence of the Tribunal, including one which allows a Trial Chamber to designate from among its members a judge responsible for the pre-trial proceedings.
At 0230 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired bursts of medium-weapons fire in various directions.
In the light of article 2 of the Convention, the Committee remains concerned about the persistence of discriminatory practices against some groups of children, especially girls and disabled children, as well as children living in rural areas, which often results in limited access to basic social facilities, such as health and education.
Intergovernmental process leading to the holding of the special session of the General Assembly in the year 2000
The preamble of the Convention notes that “at all periods of history genocide has inflicted great losses on humanity”, and that “in order to liberate mankind from such an odious scourge, international cooperation is required”.
Country: Japan Fiscal year: 1 April 1997–31 March 1998
Prior to formal action by the Board on the proposal by the participants' representatives, the representatives of the governing bodies proposed an amendment to the text, which was supported by some representatives of the executive heads, to read as follows:
52. Partnership may be established at different levels: local, national, regional, or international.
132. The Committee elected the following officers to serve in 1998:
This may be the reason why, although many bilateral investment treaties provide for settlement of disputes by the International Centre for Settlement of Investment Disputes (ICSID), the resort to ICSID has been relatively infrequent.
(c) In all cases of massacres, to conduct an independent enquiry into the conduct of the security forces, from the lowest to the highest levels, and, where appropriate, to subject them to penal and disciplinary sanctions.
In this connection, the Committee further notes from annex II.A to document A/52/790/Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1 that the use of charter flights leads to lower cost.
In response, the sponsor delegation stated that the valuable practice of the United Nations in this field needed proper consolidation and normative regulation in order to make the entire area of peacekeeping, as well as concrete peacekeeping operations, more effective.
His delegation thought that the Midrand mandate was being carried out very well by UNCTAD; in particular, the Expert Meeting on Existing Agreements on Investment and their Development Dimensions, and the Expert Meeting on Investment Promotion and Development Objectives, had been very useful.
Enforcement of the provisions of the Competition Act is in the hands of administrative bodies and the judicial authorities.
The preparation and execution phases of the programme consist of the following:
Effects on the full enjoyment of human rights of the economic adjustment policies arising from foreign debt and, in particular, on the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development
39. The Israeli authorities have allowed the establishment of armed settler militias to patrol the areas around settlements and bypass roads.
Both to maximize impact and in the interest of speed, United Nations information centres and services, as well as selected journalists, were provided via electronic mail, facsimile or the Internet with the embargoed press materials we had prepared, and with the report itself.
The plight of children living and/or working on the streets
He recalled that the Assembly had already been provided with extensive information indicating that in addition to the complex technical and legal difficulties associated with the establishment of a single post adjustment index for Geneva, which would include prices collected in the neighbouring areas of France, there were also political, practical and administrative questions.
13. The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts consists of the Office of the Controller and three divisions: the Accounts Division, the Peacekeeping Financing Division and the Programme Planning and Budget Division.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
In its consideration of the Commission’s jurisdiction over the workers’ claims, the Panel concluded that only those claims relating to deposits made on or after 2 July 1990 were within the jurisdiction of the Commission.
It also informed the Board that an offset report from IMIS was expected in time for the financial reporting for June 1998, which will enable identification of balances relating to individual payees and net those balances for reporting purposes.
11. This failure has been partly due to the application of traditional lending mechanisms to a market where individual credit needs are small, screening and monitoring are costly and enforcement is difficult.
In many cases, the material disseminated was translated into local languages.
138. The Supreme Council of the Magistracy was finally convened in December 1997. It is hoped that this body will now start effective work.
The final segment stressed the need for broad participation of citizens in resolving community conflicts.
This procedure would also allow advance planning of the work of the General Assembly.
A. Addressed to the international community
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
ESCWA, in cooperation with UNIFEM and the Development Employment Fund of Jordan, organized the simulation exercises and learning laboratories development camp at Amman from 6 to 11 December 1997.
Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary
17. United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi
Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice [103]
(d) International migration and development, including the convening of a United Nations conference on interna-tional migration and development
Certification of the financial statements
22. Although the international community has already made substantial efforts, the risks involved have by no means been completely eliminated.
In recognition of the changed character of international flows and the dominance of private flows, African Governments must take measures, including trade liberalization and accelerated privatization, to provide an environment of economic security and an efficient financial system, in order to attract foreign private investment.
22. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolutions:
186. Maintenance of office automation equipment.
— Multi-disciplinary activities related to the problem concerned, i.e. soil, water, plant and animal resources.
Statements were made by representatives of 5 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, and another on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
Head of the Philippine delegation to the United Nations Conference on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations.
We should be grateful if the text of the present letter and its annex could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under item 36 of the provisional agenda, and of the Security Council.
(f) Integrated resource planning and least cost planning;
In a number of countries reduced or suspended sentences have been introduced, together with rehabilitation or detoxification treatment for drug-dependent offenders, whether compulsory or voluntary, in cases where offenders were carrying small quantities of illicit drugs for personal use.
Emphasis is also given to the need to be on the watch for the use of laboratory equipment and other instruments involved in such processing operations.
61. Implementing agencies in charge of country programmes are responsible for submitting regular progress and financial reports to donors.
Emissions of nitrous oxide (N2O) totalled 108 Gg, carbon monoxide (CO) - 6.7 Gg, nitrous oxide (NOx) - 2,740 Gg and non-methane volatile organic compounds (NMVOC) - 25,400 Gg.
The Board considers that in view of the large savings and over-expenditures in the individual responsibility centres there was scope to strengthen budgetary control at the level of responsibility centres.
Recalling also that the Charter of the United Nations affirms in its preamble that to practice tolerance is one of the principles to be applied to attain the ends pursued by the United Nations of preventing war and maintaining peace,
6. Draft biennial programme of work for the Second Committee for 1998-1999 (A/C.2/52/L.45)
(e) The Commissions shall have jurisdiction to consider all forms of human rights violations.
The essence of the approach is that the proposed work programme for 1998-1999 has been constructed from a zero base.
64. In its reply of 1 May 1998 to the Secretary-General, Fiji stated that it is a State party to the Wellington Convention for the Prohibition of Fishing with Long Drift-nets in the South Pacific, which came into force on 17 May 1991, and that at the domestic level, its Fisheries (Amendments) Regulations of 1990 prohibit the use of pelagic drift-nets in Fijian waters.
Work to develop the capacity of non-governmental organizations in disaster-prone countries and to promote improvements in the quality of equipment manufactured in developing countries will also be prioritized.
Report of the Secretary-General on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001 (in fascicle form)
These attacks were perpetrated by individuals who came from territories under the control of the Palestinian Authority.
Some sought greater use of agency expertise in Bretton Woods institutions activities, more co-financing and more involvement in Bretton Woods institutions policy issues.
81. The delay in the entry into force of the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries is facilitating mercenary activities and the development of a new modus operandi.
The Poverty Strategies Initiative (a multi-donor programme launched immediately following the Summit) has facilitated UNDP work with over 80 countries in supporting country anti-poverty strategies in various stages of development.
Taking note with appreciation of the report of the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 46 (A/53/46).
3. Urges all States and the specialized agencies and organizations of the United Nations system to continue to support and assist the Palestinian people in their quest for self-determination.
81. The Special Representative welcomes the decision of the Government to remove a senior gendarmerie commander from his post and to suspend four other members of the gendarmerie unit involved in the case.
AND OTHER DEPENDENT COUNTRIES AND TERRITORIES: REPORT OF THE
Consideration should be given to the incorporation of the Convention in the curricula of all educational institutions and appropriate measures should be taken to facilitate access by children to information concerning their rights.
In April 1997 four Brazilian companies obtained ISO 14001 certification and eight Brazilian companies were about to be ISO 14000 certified, while 50 companies had adopted EMS that are "ISO 14000 compatible".CBI News Bulletin, June 1997, Centre for the Promotion of Imports from developing countries, Rotterdam, Netherlands.
Given the very particular nature of the services required (e.g. complexity, amount of investment and completion time), the procedures used placed the accent on the delegating body's freedom to choose the operator who best suited its need, in terms of professional qualification, financial strength, ability to ensure the continuity of the service, equal treatment of the users and quality of the proposal.
10. The Committee also expresses its concern about the slow pace of national genocide trials and the legal deficiencies, including significant due process concerns.
UNITED NATIONS DECADE OF INTERNATIONAL LAW
THE AGENDA ITEMS ENTITLED “ORGANIZATION OF THE WORK OF THE SESSION”, “THE RIGHT OF PEOPLES TO SELF-DETERMINATION
While noting that the State party identified a number of areas in legislation that need to be reformed to bring them into conformity with the principles and provisions of the Convention, the Committee is concerned that the measures adopted to harmonize national legislation with the principles and provisions of the Convention are insufficient.
In accordance with article XII of the Financial Regulations, we have also issued a long-form report on our audit of the financial statements of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II).
12. The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 75 of Annex II.B that since no provision was made in the cost estimates, additional requirements of $114,400 were needed in connection with claims in respect of damages incurred as a result of traffic accidents not covered by local insurance.
Trust Fund for Demining Activities in UNPROFOR
Requirements under this heading include an amount of $30,000 for bi-communal activities to promote an opportunity for regular contact between Greek Cypriots and Turkish Cypriots, as welcomed by the Security Council, most recently in its resolution 1146 (1997) of 23 December 1997.
At its thirty-first session, the Commission requested that the documentation for the special session should focus on:
Signature: Austria, Belgium, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Romania, Russian Federation, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine and United Kingdom (13 November 1997)
“4. Substantive items should normally be discussed initially in a Main Committee and, therefore, items previously allocated to plenary meetings should henceforth be referred to a Main Committee unless there are compelling circumstances requiring their continued consideration in plenary meeting.”
The Committee also notes with satisfaction the incorporation of a human rights course element into the core training programme for police officers and for government officials.
19. The Board further noted that, in order to bring the classification of non-governmental organizations in the special category into line with the new intergovernmental machinery of UNCTAD, the Secretary-General of UNCTAD would carry out consultations with the organizations concerned to ascertain their wishes regarding their future association with UNCTAD, including their participation in the work of the new Commissions, and would report to the Board at an executive session.
3. Adopts the uniform reporting format contained in FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4, and invites Parties to report in accordance with that format and to provide inputs to the secretariat on their experience in using it, so that, if necessary, changes can be incorporated.
Once the position of the Italian authorities is made clear to the Agency, the Provident Fund secretariat will decide on a further course of action.
19. As indicated in table 2 below, from the apportionment of $10,835,051 for the financing of the Logistics Base for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, expenditures amounted to $9,461,500, inclusive of $3,344,100 in unliquidated obligations.
The provisional agenda, annotations, list of documents and work plan are contained in document DP/1998/L.1.
Furthermore, through its Socio-Economic and Gender Analysis Programme, FAO aims at empowering rural women through improved technical capacities for the betterment of their socio-economic conditions.
Any new recommendations could also be dealt with at the plenary of the COP on 3 October 1997.
23. Elementary and preparatory schooling.
Several experts said that UNCTAD should focus on a conceptual and empirical analysis of packages of positive measures.
Credentials of representatives of Parties to the first session of the Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Convention
8. The Government of Kazakhstan took immediate steps to ensure its support for the proper implementation of resolution 52/169 M by establishing, early in 1998, a Governmental Inter-Ministerial Committee to address the issues related to the Semipalatinsk region.
31. It was decided that the joint views of CCAQ and the staff representatives would be appended to the present report (see appendix V).
Category III, “Entities ...”, will be followed by categories IV, “Intergovernmental organizations ...”, V, “Other entities ...”, and VI, “Specialized agencies and related organizations ...”.
The Special Representative calls again for continued support to NGOs working to assist victims of domestic violence, as well as to improve the capacity of the Government and local authorities to protect victims.
The two leaders intend to further promote diverse relations between their countries in the areas of culture and information exchange.
I look to Member States to increase and improve their participation in both of these, and I am committed to giving them whatever assistance I can.
Nowadays, the ILO conventions prescribing workplace hygiene measures are never observed anywhere.
Letter dated 3 December 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
17. It had been suggested in paragraph 19 of the revised Programme of Action that the General Assembly might wish to examine the importance of preparing studies on racism.
Secretary General I wish to inform you of the current dangerous developments regarding the deteriorating situation on the ground in the Occupied Palestinian Territory, including Jerusalem.
Proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001
In two of these cases, a baseline survey would be undertaken as part of the project.
7. The Committee further notes the information contained in paragraphs 9 to 11 regarding additional expenditures amounting to $334,300, over and above those reported in the previous financial performance report of the Secretary-General (A/51/793/Add.1) for the period from 13 January to 30 June 1996.
As stated in my previous letters, such unauthorized intrusions into the Nicosia flight information region and the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus are in violation of international air traffic rules and, at the same time, they are in contravention of the provisions of the Security Council resolutions on Cyprus, which state that such overflights increase tension on the island and undermine efforts towards achieving a final settlement.
22. In 1985, the General Assembly approved a range of 110 to 120, with a desirable mid-point of 115, for the net remuneration margin on the understanding that the margin would be maintained at around this desirable mid-point over a period of time.
6.6.1.1 Large packagings are packagings consisting of an outer packaging which contains articles or inner packagings and which
3 See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 7 (E/1998/27).
41. In the course of the past year, the Committee, through its Bureau, developed fruitful and mutually beneficial cooperation on the question of Palestine with States members of the European Union.
Since the difference between the book value of the inventory and the price that the contractor offered for it in view of the non-saleability of some items is a contractual issue, the matter is being presented to the Headquarters Committee on Contracts for a decision.
In many developed countries, demand for meat has stabilized as per capita consumption is already high and population growth generally low.
Recalling the provisions of resolutions 50/51 of 11 December 1995, 51/208 of 17 December 1996 and 52/162 of 15 December 1997,
He has communicated to all States members of UNCTAD detailed observations and proposals on how to meet the challenge of improving its intergovernmental machinery.
It was thought that an analysis of those views and suggestions would enable the Secretariat to present, at a future session, a report that would allow the Commission to take an informed decision as to the desirable course of action.
247. Appreciation was expressed for those legislative actions on the texts of the Commission.
The allegations regarding "Turkish intransigence and the attempt of the Turkish side to introduce preconditions" are unfounded, as they do not conform to what really happened at the two rounds of direct negotiations held at Troutbeck, New York, and Glion, Switzerland, in July and August 1997, respectively. They overlook the fact that it is the Greek Cypriot side which has made the issue of European Union (EU) membership a precondition to the talks since Mr. Clerides first took office in 1993.
10. Leaders affirmed that the best way to respond to such difficulties is by continuing to strengthen their economies through pursuit of the Forum Economic Action Plan.
Mindful of the fact that it is essential to provide the Observer Mission with the necessary financial resources to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities under the relevant resolutions of the Security Council,
2. Issues related to the deprivation of the right to life, with special reference to:
United Nations Observer Mission in Angola
International Union for Scientific study of population
The General Assembly extended this mandate by its resolution 51/198 C of 31 July 1997.
23. Assistance is being provided to African countries seeking accession to WTO (Algeria and Sudan).
B. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1998
1408. Mr. Lindqvist pointed out some differences and the complementarity between the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Standard Rules on the Equalization of Opportunities for Persons with Disabilities (General Assembly resolution 48/96).
The External Relations Office at headquarters is closely monitoring advance authorizations and is constantly in touch with donors regarding unpaid pledges.
A military operation will result in many losses of life among the civilian population and increase the flow of refugees.
(c) It was necessary to mobilize international efforts to suppress internationally organized criminal groups;
Finally, the Committee expresses its concern that no independent monitoring mechanism exists in relation to children's rights.
6. Specifically, we cannot join the consensus on the last clause of paragraph 1 of the agreed conclusions, which indicates the "need" for UNCTAD to provide a "predictable and stable funding basis".
C. Organization of the work of future sessions
"13. Recalls the budgetary process set out in General Assembly resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994 on the administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations;
Cognizant of the mutually beneficial nature of their relations, the two sides agreed on the importance of expanding and revitalizing the mechanisms of consultations in order to address the issues related to bilateral relations as well as regional and international questions in a coordinated manner.
The Centre at Buenos Aires, in collaboration with the Organization of Argentinean Youths, co-produced an interactive, educational four-diskette programme entitled “All human rights for all”.
The recommendations in paragraph 9 of the Expert Meeting’s agreed conclusions should be reflected in the Commission’s report.
Both the Consulting Actuary and the Committee of Actuaries pointed out an actuarial surplus or deficit, when expressed in dollar terms, should only be considered in relation to the magnitude of the liabilities and not in absolute terms.
UNFICYP also provides living accommodation for all military personnel and civilian police and office accommodation for all civilian personnel.
However, she also stressed the need to ensure availability of resources from the United Nations regular budget in order to fulfil the full range of established and new mandates.
In addition, the first plenary meeting will also take up a number of organizational matters: sub-items 2 (a) to (f) of the possible elements of the provisional agenda.
Within contaminated countries where mines represent a clear and present danger, mine-awareness programmes are directed at communities, aid agencies and peacekeepers.
139. It was suggested that paragraph 24 should elaborate on the distinction between qualification and evaluation criteria.
26. The United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme supported a project in South Africa developed by the Centre for International Crime Prevention to counteract domestic violence.
Statistical data for 1995 on a comparable basis will be issued in a conference room paper.
The Field Operation was withdrawn from Rwanda on 28 July 1998 when the High Commissioner and the Government of Rwanda could not agree on a new presence of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to succeed the Field Operation.
The members of the Committee emphasized the relevance of NGO contributions to its work, including studying the concrete situation of children in States parties, identifying priority areas for action and suggesting concrete measures for improving the effective enjoyment of children's rights.
It is also seriously concerned at the fact that the Citizenship Act establishes three different categories of citizenship and therefore some categories of children and their parents might be stigmatized and/or denied certain rights.
Cooperation takes the form of joint organization of the courses, preparation of specialized documentation, lectures by ECLAC staff and experts and assistance in the substantive and conceptual design of the courses.
At its 1st meeting, on 28 July, the SBSTA considered the sub-item on the election of officers other than the Chairman.
105. Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees: questions relating to refugees and displaced persons and humanitarian questions (P.108).
Contingency planning should identify such interdependencies.
Executive Deputy President Thabo Mbeki of South Africa
216. The representative referred to the Government’s proposal to appoint an ombudsperson who could be entrusted with the role of monitoring women’s human rights and gender equality.
The Board recommends that the Administration finalize the special emergency rules and procedures on humanitarian assistance without further delay.
The Board noted that after considerable effort by both missions the discrepancies were reduced by May 1997 to approximately 300 items valued at some $400,000;
12. Major conferences to discuss the question of returns were organized in February 1998 at Sarajevo and April 1998 at Banja Luka to help encourage minority returns to both cities as a positive example.
It further considered that although the percentage of responses might be low, there were sufficient responses to secure a satisfactory competitive procurement exercise.
IX. Voluntary contributions in kind (budgeted)
54. At the time of the audit, the fund balance was $2,654,000.
a. Sixth Committee of the General Assembly
The issues addressed include the adoption of a reproductive health and rights framework; population and development strategies; gender, population and development; partnership with the media; and advocacy for resource mobilization.
For that purpose, a clear set of legislative recommendations followed by an explanatory discussion of the pertinent issues and the possible options available might be a more useful tool than a set of model provisions that certain legislators might regard as being difficult to adjust to domestic conditions.
Judging from the trends in recent years, annual aggregate consumption of opiates is likely to rise gradually in the next few years, with some fluctuation.
Family planning is central to all aspects of reproductive health and has a bearing on prevention of STDs, the consequences of unwanted fertility, infertility and maternal and child survival.
The Board had before it the report of the Programme and Budget Committee on the work of its thirteenth session (IDB.18/2 and Add.1) and the documents mentioned under A to H below.
Members of these bodies receive a fee of $300 per day.
I. ISSUES RELATING TO THE SPECIAL SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY ON WHICH THE PREPARATORY BODY MIGHT MAKE RECOMMENDATIONS
A CommerceNet/Nielsen survey in March found that whereas 53% of Internet users in the United States and Canada had used the Internet to reach a decision on a purchase, just 15% carried out the final transaction on the Web.
(h) Scarce impact of the country strategy note on resource mobilization;
“26. However, it was noted that securing market access did not by itself guarantee actual export revenues.
They are subjected to all kinds of torture and degradation, and many have died or been severely disabled as a result.
However, available reports of cocaine amounts seized, while naturally much lower than the actual trafficked amounts, at least show that from 1990 to 1993 cocaine seizures in Europe increased by 32 per cent (14 tonnes in 1990 and 18.5 in 1993) and that another increase of 19 per cent, to a total of 22.1 tonnes, occurred in 1995.
(c) Drug abuse prevention among rural youth;
Habitat should take steps to generate information on the actual costs of production and other expenses in order to control costs and help in the pricing of publications (para. 49).
By its resolutions 51/218 E and 52/1 A of 17 June and 15 October 1997 respectively, the General Assembly authorized the Secretary-General to enter into commitments totalling $13,110,350 for the financing of the Logistics Base for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, inclusive of an amount of $4,207,500 for the clearance of backlog inventory at the Logistics Base.
(j) On travel on appointment, assignment, transfer or separation from service of a staff for whom removal costs will be paid under staff rule 107.27, a staff member may be reimbursed the costs of advance shipment by the most economical means up to a maximum of:
Moreover, it should undertake a study of the link between electronic trade and intellectual property in collaboration with the World Intellectual Property Organization.
This has been done through the introduction of special training for existing health-care providers on counselling, awareness creation, best practices and case management.
Since 1967, 10,492 housing units have been built for Palestinians, while 44,481 or approximately four times more have been built for Jews.
1404. The list of the various bodies and organizations that participated in the day of general discussion is reflected in document CRC/C/69, paragraph 316.
(c) Joint task force for demobilization of child combatants.
(d) External debt crisis and development.
27. Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States.
With regard to the future orientation of international support measures, the experts were generally in agreement with the priority areas that were outlined in the secretariat's basic document.
D. Options for possible centres and networks
The objective of the Task Force is to promote the development of international standards, systems and classification for services statistics.
15. At the same time, the foreign property insurance policy administered by Headquarters does not include the Organization’s property mentioned in the above locations. Instead, the coverage is for the Organization’s property in Addis Ababa, Beirut and Santiago de Chile, as well as for the premises of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) in Nepal.
(c) Assistance by the main contractor during the transition to full takeover of maintenance by the United Nations, as recommended by the independent experts;
1. Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities (Commission 1) . 4
42. On 23 April, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu threatened to annex parts of the West Bank should Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat unilaterally declare the establishment of a Palestinian state. (Ha’aretz, 24 April)
(a) Any nuclear reactor, including reactors installed on vessels, aircraft or space objects for use as an energy source in order to propel such vessels, craft or objects or for any other purpose;
6. At its 145th through 150th meetings, held from 30 March to 2 April, the Special Committee held a general debate on the matters before it.
The Division also develops planning concepts, procedures and methods to be applied to concrete situations.
11. At its 900th plenary meeting, on 23 October 1998, the Board approved UNCTAD's calendar of meetings for the remainder of 1998 and for 1999 (TD/B/45/L.4).
It does not take account of considerations related to institutional efficiency, the type of work or the location where the work is to be carried out.
Originally called “institution-building” it meant improving individual public sector organizations through training and transfer of techniques.
Excess of authorized expenditures over assessments and applied voluntary contributionsc
(d) States have the duty to refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity or political independence of any State, or in any other manner inconsistent with the purposes of the United Nations;
Hallucinogen injection was reported in eastern Europe and South America.
∙ Recommendation 5. The Insurance Section should undertake a comprehensive broker competition exercise prior to the combination of Headquarters and foreign property policies and ensure that action is taken to correct any outstanding deficiencies on the premises, as identified by previous inspections.
The Committee recommends that for the remaining children in detention a solution to their situation must be found in the light of the principles and provisions of the Convention.
For the maintenance of UNIKOM for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, the General Assembly, in its resolution 50/234 of 7 June 1996, appropriated $52,141,900 gross ($50,071,000 net), of which a two-thirds share, equivalent to $33,380,667 (net), would be funded from the voluntary contributions from the Government of Kuwait.
With the increased demand to react to developments in crisis situations, the Division was challenged to respond to a growing workload with fewer staff members who were asked to service special missions of representatives and envoys of the Secretary-General to the regions of Central and West Africa, including administrative, programme and budgetary aspects of their missions.
45. The situation in Afghanistan and its implications for international peace and security.
45. At its closing meeting, on 5 November 1997, the Expert Meeting authorized the Rapporteur to prepare the final report of the Meeting, under the authority of the Chairperson, to include the Chairperson’s summary of the experts’ informal discussions (see section I). ANNEX
6.6.2.5.9 Joints in copper tubing shall be brazed or have an equally strong metal union.
72. As a part of his reform proposals of 14 July 1997 (see A/51/950, paras. 50 and 160-161, and action 10), the Secretary-General requested all United Nations funds and programmes to develop UNDAF as a framework for ensuring that the individual country programmes of the funds and programmes are based on common objectives and harmonized time-frames.
4. The role of the Republic of Albania in aiding and abetting terrorism in Kosovo and Metohija is not confined to training and arming terrorists alone; Albania is an active participant as well.
393. It is noted with satisfaction that there are a more than proportionate number of seats in the Jordanian House of Representatives which are held by persons who are members of minorities.
As the Japanese war maniacs escalated their war of aggression, they were faced with a shortage of arms and labour.
One of the first tasks assigned to the Commission was to draft a declaration of rights.
162. The point was made that early submission of proposals by sponsor delegations before the start of the Committee’s session, preferably one month in advance, would greatly facilitate the discussion in the Committee because that would give delegations adequate time to consult with the respective capitals and receive instructions.
Moreover, the Special Rapporteur, together with the Chairperson of the Committee, Mrs. Christine Chanet, and the Special Rapporteur for New Communications, Mr. Fausto Pocar, met with representatives of Trinidad and Tobago during the sixty-first session.
31. As part of the consultations referred to in paragraph 2 above, the Chairman of the Committee on Conferences met with the Chairmen of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization and the Commission on the Status of Women, and with the President of the Economic and Social Council.
21. The unutilized balance of $799,100 was due to lower than planned deployment of personnel.
- Perishable products liable to deterioration;
Given that the deposits, consisting of numerous individual payments, were made over a period of time between July 1990 and July 1991 and that the bulk of the deposits were made between July 1990 and January 1991, the Panel fixes 15 October 1990 as the date from which interest on the total sum awarded will be calculated.IV. RECOMMENDATIONS
The recent initiatives by some donor countries and the continued steadfast implementation of aid programmes in favour of LDCs by a number of other donors need to be supplemented by further efforts on the part of all LDC development partners with a view to meeting the commitments undertaken in the Programme of Action.
Taking note with appreciation of the increased efforts undertaken so far by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights to disseminate human rights information through its Web site http://www.unhchr.ch. and its publications and external relations programmes,
In addition, unrecorded obligations in respect of reimbursement for extra and extraordinary costs to troop contributors amount to some $186 million.
10. In a report to the General Assembly at its thirty-third session on the United Nations Emergency Force/United Nations Disengagement Force (UNEF/UNDOF) (A/C.5/33/45), the Secretary-General indicated, inter alia, that the amounts owed to troop-contributing Governments could not be paid in the time-frame envisaged under financial regulation 4.3.
5. Implementation by States of the region of the recommendations adopted by the Twentieth Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Asia and the Pacific.
In successful cases, particularly in the irrigated settlement areas, state involvement has been crucial.
At 1640 hours Lahad militia elements fired artillery shells at Kafr Tibnit, Zawtar al-Gharbiyah and Jabal Safi from Zafatah.
B. Promotion of the private sector and foreign direct investment
61. Given the difficulties faced by poorer people in gaining access to the FOGUAVI housing programme, it is recommended that the Fund redirect its activities towards this sector of the population, expand them and expedite the launching of a special component whereby families who cannot raise the 4,000 quetzals (US$ 635) needed to qualify for a State subsidy can earn sweat equity through mutual aid systems.
The East Asian region is a major consumer of cotton, accounting for about two thirds of total world demand.
Reservations were also expressed regarding a possible flexible interpretation of the Charter provisions, which would provide the Council with a new mandate.
126. At the 40th meeting, the Council adopted the recommendation made by the Fourteenth Meeting of Experts in Public Administration and Finance regarding the assessment of progress made in the implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/225 (E/1998/77, para. 4).
In Shinwar district, opium cultivation was almost unchanged.
- Assessing the general trading environment;
The functions and responsibilities of the Committee and its composition are governed by the provisions of Assembly resolution 14 (I) of 13 February 1946 and rules 155, 156 and 157 of the rules of procedure of the Assembly.
At the same time, UNITAR will write to all UNDP offices with which cooperation is ongoing, reminding them that they have to be more precise in the description of the expenditures and that reference should be made to the programme concerned.
Such an approach should be reflected in close cooperation between: law enforcement and the health sector; the public and the private sector; law enforcement agencies and the chemical industry; and the authorities and drug users, to achieve a change in their attitudes.
(d) Recognizing the overall need for a reliable inventory control system, the Field Administration and Logistics Division commenced development and implementation of the new automated field assets control and management system, which fulfils information requirements and provides Headquarters with near real-time visibility of all the items of United Nations-owned non-expendable property in storage or in use in the field missions.
The Governments of Norway and Canada are funding the purchase of mechanical clearance equipment and other donors are making in-kind contributions.
16. UNFPA should develop appropriate indicators of capacity-building and of the impact of country support teams on programmes and projects.
This is the case for almost all products where post-Uruguay Round MFN rates (outside tariff quotas) exceed 30 per cent ad valorem.
The ICAO/CACAS project currently employs 77 Somali professionals who are deployed at designated airports in Somalia and in the Nairobi project office.
In 1960, the Pension Review Group had recommended that the desirable upper limit on administrative expenses (other than investment costs) chargeable to the Fund should be set at 0.14 per cent of total pensionable remuneration, although it recognized that such costs might eventually rise to as much as 0.18 per cent.
Last day for pay purposes in case of death
It would be useful to know whether efforts to limit the number of documents requested had also been undertaken at other duty stations.
27. Executive Board of the World Food Programme, first regular session [Economic and Social Council decision 1995/227 and General Assembly resolution 50/8]
the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
When the British Government decided, in November 1994, to discontinue providing this service, United Nations officials, in the field and at Headquarters, found themselves under pressure to develop a solution which would maintain the continuity of day-to-day operations and the options considered were framed by those officials in human resources terms.
The adopted annex or amendment shall be communicated by the secretariat to the Depositary, who shall circulate it to all Parties for their acceptance.
At its substantive session of 1998, the Economic and Social Council endorsed the Commission’s decision to extend the mandate of the Special Representative of the Commission on the situation of human rights in the Islamic Republic of Iran for a further year, and to request the Special Representative to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session (Council decision 1998/273).
What is your experience concerning, for example, user fees, scaled fees, voucher programmes and other cost-recovering mechanisms?
2. Requests the Director-General to initiate consultations with UNESCO and the Government of Italy in order to continue the ongoing activities and projects as well as approved pipeline projects and to develop future cooperation in the field of industrial technology, in accordance with the Business Plan;
Governments and international organizations were required to file their claims in category “F”.
Although the Board noted a few instances where the names were not in the roster or approvals were obtained ex-post facto there was appreciable improvement in the management of consultants.
Review of technical assistance, advisory and training
For the second half of the reporting period, only the nine recommendations issued to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda remain outstanding.
(d) Security personnel (although I did not avail myself of one on a full-time basis, thanks to the generosity of my Government);
This in turn will come about only if a culture of management accountability is firmly established at all levels in the Secretariat.
He indicated, however, that a recently created house demolition unit was patrolling the city to locate houses in the first stages of construction.
As a result, the programme and budget proposals for the CCD for the biennium 1998/1999 must be separately presented, year by year.
576 missions, 2 persons per mission for 10 days for $1,680 per trip per person ($600 airfare, 10 days’ DSA at $95, and $130 for other expenditures)
UNDCP has a considerable comparative advantage in that respect because of its multilateral status and United Nations affiliation.
The estimate was calculated on the basis of a fuel cost of $0.188 per litre at the following fuel usage rates: (a) 341 litres per hour for the Beechcraft B-200 ($163,700); (b) 379 litres per hour for the Cessna C-208B ($454,600); (c) 2,385 litres per hour for the Lockheed L-100-30 ($1,602,700); and (d) 4,600 litres per hour for the Boeing B-727 ($1,495,900).
In areas of operations where the nature of the emergency has made it necessary to provide assistance over an extended period, local staff of United Nations offices may well be the most regular wage earners.
11. Decides that United Nations bodies should be invited to avoid holding meetings on 9 April 1999 and that these arrangements should be taken into account when drafting future calendars of conferences and meetings;
(l) Welcomes the progress made in building civil society, particularly through the development of the non-governmental sector and the development of cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the Governments of a number of countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States, and notes in this regard the relation between the progress made in implementing the Programme of Action and the success in promoting civil society, especially in the field of human rights;
3. Invites States that have not yet ratified or acceded to the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide to consider doing so;
39. At the same meeting, the representatives of Bolivia, Iraq, Papua New Guinea, the United Republic of Tanzania and Venezuela made statements in explanation of vote after the vote (see A/AC.109/SR.1498).
Within days an appeal for an air operation had been launched and an UNDAC team was deployed to support the Office of the United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator for Afghanistan.
The Committee recommends that measures be taken to ensure full equality of rights for members of all religious groups as well as ethnic and linguistic minorities, and that information be provided in the State party's next periodic report on the implementation of articles 26 and 27 of the Covenant.
Proceeding from the fact that nuclear-weapon-free status is one of the means of ensuring the national security of States,
Numerous presentations to external defence, government and private organizations on the planning process have been conducted and the Service has participated in various international peacekeeping exercises.
The Expanded Programme of Immunization (EPI) and other mass programmes are the norm to prevent the major childhood diseases.
The Secretariat, for its part, has tried to adapt to this new situation in creative and innovative ways and will pursue its efforts in this field.
At the invitation of the President of Ukraine, Mr. Leonid Kuchma, the President of the Republic of Turkey, Mr. Süleyman Demirel, paid an official visit to Ukraine from 21 to 23 May 1998. The President of Turkey was accompanied by a high-level delegation.
The request sought to address a further concern, which was to ensure that the operation of the post adjustment system at the base by the Commission resulted in maintaining the United Nations/United States margin relativities without any double counting.
The Committee further recommends that the revised reports be submitted to it before promulgation. Page Annex I
United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat)
An Israeli man notified the military authorities that shots had been fired at his car near Tekoa.
(h) Observance of environmental norms in the drafting and implementation of agreements on disarmament and arms control;
A participant or beneficiary may not assign his rights under these Regulations.
Maintenance and operation of the Mercure earth stations (for a three-year period at $33,000 per station, or $11,000 per station per year) (in support of activity (a) under para. 35).
It further suggests that the State party consider ratifying the Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Cooperation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption.
It also accepted the offer of the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) of services and facilities for COP 1.
94. The Board recommended, and UNFPA agreed, that there was a need to carry out a field capacity study to assess whether country offices are appropriately staffed.
Owing to the nature of its work, the Office maintains close contact with all parties to any particular conflict, members of the Security Council and troop-contributing countries.
On that day, not too far away, from Almaty to Astana, from Qastanay to Taraz, from the Caspian to Balqash, and from the banks of the Irtysh to the banks of the Ural, the people of Kazakhstan will enter upon their future.
An additional 39 bilateral projects targeted at individual countries are also described and have received or will receive US$1.045 billion in funding over their lifetime.
To better predict climate change due to the greenhouse effect, there is a need to sample the atmosphere much more comprehensively, but still at reasonable cost.
It is clear that, as countries explore opportunities for trade in health services, there must not only be the corresponding regulations that enable this to take place, but more importantly legislation and regulations that support values of national health policy such as equity and sustainability.
Paragraph 23.6 In the first sentence, replace the words “has sharpened its focus,” with the words “will continue”.
This trend is objectively in line with the vital interests of all States;
Item 3 - International trade in health services: difficulties and opportunities for developing countries
Chairman: Mr. Mohamed-Saleh Dembri (Algeria)
Asian-African Legal Consultative Committee, Twenty-fourth session (Kathmandu, 1985), thirty-third session (Tokyo, 1994).
These statements have been examined and include the audit opinion of the Board of Auditors.
The Organization relies too heavily on its brokers. The Insurance Section is inappropriately structured and under-resourced.
Meeting of Experts on Positive Measures to 29-31 October
5. Possible features of a protocol or another legal instrument.
71. The Supreme Auditor should encourage and support management’s establishment of internal controls.
Welcoming the progress made by the Preparatory Committee on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court in preparing a draft consolidated text of a convention on the establishment of an international criminal court,
In addition, there is the issue of “subsidiarity” or who can do what best at different levels of government and among various service providers.
On 4 September 1998, the Commission formally adopted its Rules of Procedure.
Elements of the same system are currently being implemented in some countries in Latin America.
expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances
The representative of the accredited press corps at Headquarters said that the current Secretary-General had been very accessible in his dealings with the media.
This growth had been accompanied by increases in greenhouse gas emissions, despite the commitment of these Parties to reduce them.
47. States should work towards the introduction of appropriate national legislation, administrative regulations and licensing requirements that define conditions under which firearms can be acquired, used and traded by private persons.
5. The organization shall be of recognized standing and shall represent a substantial proportion of the organized persons within the particular field in
As the focus of the regulation seemed to be on conditions of service, the Commission recommended that the words "in the employment of staff and" be deleted.
(c) Note that, of the additional amount of $9.5 million required for the completion of the project, $3.0 million would not be required until 2000–2001;
"An Overview of the Right to Strike in Ethiopia", Journal of Ethiopian Law, vol. 16, November 1993.
20. Notes with appreciation all initiatives aimed at or contributing to the eradication of poverty that have been undertaken by countries and international organizations, and encourages continuous action and further cooperation among the various initiatives;
8. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
(b) Items the inclusion of which has been decided at a previous session;
Actions taken against staff resulting from findings of malpractice discovered by the Board of Auditors
the abuse of dominant positions in the territories of the parties as a whole or in a substantial part thereof.
Objective: to assist the Governments in central Asia in providing a more effective response to the escalating drug threat in the subregion by launching, at the subregional level, effective and jointly coordinated countermeasures against the spread of illicit drug activities in the region.
The Board noted that the integrated library management system, which was authorized by the General Assembly in 1992-1993 and for which the contract was awarded in December 1994, was to be operational by July 1995 but remained incomplete some three years later.
7. In this regard, Austria sees considerable merit in the Chairman’s proposal calling for placing greater emphasis on voluntary compliance by a State against which satisfaction based on a valid judgement is sought.
Time frames for the submission of subsequent communications should be determined at a later date.
The Board recommended that ITC ensure that its publication proposals include justification of need and resource implications (A/53/5 (vol. III), chap. II, paras. 54 and 55).
I. GM Status within IFAD and Partnership Arrangements 20
The Committee assessments serve as a basis in this direction.
26. The Board will continue to monitor this matter in its future audits.
The Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations moderated the discussion.
25. Impact was seen in different forms, time-frames and levels, reflecting both the diversity of areas for which Governments sought United Nations system support and the changes in the concept of capacity-building, as well as the way United Nations support to capacity-building has evolved.
The Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances, in its last report to the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/43), emphasized that enforced disappearances, although a relatively recent phenomenon, have increased markedly in a number of countries.
Recently, it produced an itinerant exhibition on the Universal Declaration.
Recalling its previous resolutions concerning the reports of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination and its resolutions on the status of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, Resolution 2106 A (XX), annex. most recently resolutions 51/80 of 12 December 1996 and 52/110 of 12 December 1997,
25. A question was asked concerning the statement made in paragraph 5 that the legislative guide did not cover "privatization" transactions that did not relate to infrastructure development and operation, and the reason for such an exclusion.
While they may choose to write examinations in any of the official languages of the Organization, all candidates are encouraged to write their answers to questions at the written stage in English or French, in order to further demonstrate their proficiency.
The Committee recommends that measures be taken to establish an independent system for monitoring the situation of children in detention, whether in prisons or welfare institutions.
No arrangements were made to allow the significant number of eligible voters among the refugees at the Thai border to register.
Progress has been made in the implementation of a number of career support mechanisms, including new development programmes and career planning workshops.
(iv) In cooperation with the more advanced players in the field (including the private sector), provision of advanced tools for electronic payments and secure Internet-based transactions;
The Commission did not take any substantive measures.
20. Income from staff assessment (2 065 700)
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
Therefore, the adoption of the Chairman’s statement by consensus has foiled attempts by Portugal to use the issue of human rights for self-serving political agendas;
4. The drafting history of article 16 clearly indicated that the amount to be returned to the withdrawing organization was to be determined by the Board; the reference in article 16 (b) to an "arrangement mutually agreed between such organization and the Board" concerned only the modalities for making that payment to the withdrawing organization (e.g., specifying the account to be credited or particular assets to be transferred, and interest on delayed payments).
127. The Committee also recommends that the State party give more attention to the activities of political parties and other organizations, as well as to media promoting racist propaganda and ideas of racial superiority, in accordance with article 4 of the Convention.
The efficacy of this service would depend on the clear identification of the channels of communications.
43. The Memorandum of Understanding between OIOS and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) signed on 29 April 1997 provides that OIOS will ensure audit coverage for all UNHCR voluntary funds, against which programme expenditures of some $970 million were reported during 1997.
(d) Actions by non-governmental organizations that would help in commodity-based development should also be promoted.
218. The representative referred to the problem of unemployment for women and noted that cases of discrimination against women were still evident, with some employers preferring to fill vacancies with men or with very young women who had no family responsibilities.
Voluntary approaches figured predominantly in a number of second communications.
In this regard, the Centre has organized assessment and programme-formulation missions to several countries of the region.
It might, however, be advisable to make some editorial changes to paragraph (f) to make that point absolutely clear.
(iii) A second approach could be an agreement to remove all types of subsidies except those related to research and environmental protection.
60. Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly (P.60).
3. Advance Cargo Information Systems (ACIS)
86. The effect of measures to reduce word output, on the other hand, varied from one duty station to another.
Supervising judicial police inspectors in their investigations; instructing them in investigation techniques at headquarters and in the field.
Procurement of information technology services
It approves six posts and appropriates $1.2 million for 1999.
Such a classification is not compatible with the UN Human Resources Development Report 1996 which considers Turkey as a "medium developed country" and hence places it as the 84th in the development row.
Tolerance needs to be promoted and fully embraced to end civil and ethnic conflict.
Committee of the Whole and any consultations.
The mandate of UNMOT has been extended by the Council in subsequent resolutions, the latest of which was 1113 (1997) of 12 June 1997, which extended the mandate until 15 September 1997.
9. Also at the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.29/Rev.1, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 55, draft resolution I).
Representatives of OAS attend WFP food and coordination meetings, which are chaired by WFP (with CARICOM), and contacts are made through the representatives of member States.
In other words, neither party can be the Government of the other or the Government of the whole island.
6. Pursuant to Security Council resolution 1148 (1998) and pending the start of the transitional period, the military component of MINURSO for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 will consist of 203 military observers, 26 medical support personnel, 10 staff officers, 7 force orderly personnel and an engineering company of 150 personnel.
(a) To promote the development of the French language and the cultures which use it, in parallel with promotion of the partner languages and cultures of member States;
16. Requests the Secretary-General to provide by the end of 1999 a compilation of updated statistics and indicators on the situation of women and girls in countries around the world by issuing, for example, a volume of The World’s Women;
38. Provision for other staff costs for the Office of the Prosecutor in 1999 amounts to $1,817,000, comprising $72,000 for overtime requirements of General Service personnel and $1,745,000 under general temporary assistance.
Recalling its resolution 44/198 of 21 December 1989 and other relevant resolutions,
These provide for a reduction of $48,200,900 compared with the appropriation of $2,532,331,200 approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/221 A of 22 December 1997.
Recognizing that scientific and technological developments can have both civilian and military applications and that progress in science and technology for civilian applications needs to be maintained and encouraged,
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly under agenda items 15 (a), 18, 20, 30, 38, 42, 56, 71, 79, 87, 88, 89, 91, 92, 93, 94, 100, 101 and 102.
In the first Advisory Opinion, the Court pointed out that habeas corpus performs a vital role in assuring that a person’s life and physical integrity are respected.
In addition, representatives of appropriate United Nations bodies are invited to all sessions of the board.
Until such time as any greenhouse gases not controlled by the Montreal Protocol from any source and sink categories are covered by commitments under this Article, Parties included in Annex I or acting under Article 10 shall make every effort to control their anthropogenic emissions by sources and enhance their removals by sinks of such gases.
It is to be noted that the extent and quality of the responses of the organizations of the system testify to their commitment to implement the Agenda.
Accordingly, the composition of the base populations was different for the German/United States and United Nations/United States comparisons and thus, a United Nations/German comparison (by triangulation) would not be comparing like with like.
In early 1998, an outbreak of rinderpest in Torit County was successfully controlled in a combined effort involving UNICEF, NGOs and counterparts.
Nevertheless, UNHCR was not able to persuade the authorities in Belgrade to grant import clearance for the importation and distribution of Lysol and, therefore, was forced to re-export most of the quantities procured.
162. The view was expressed that it was necessary to elaborate further on the manner in which the Secretariat intended to improve system-wide coordination, which is crucial for the success of the process of implementing and delivering programmes in a comprehensive manner.
Civil society organizations, including humanitarian and relief organizations and the human rights community, women’s organizations, religious leaders, civic and youth associations, as well as key actors from the private sector, are important partners in the broad movement to protect children’s rights and welfare in the context of armed conflict.
To this end, he shall preside over a Cooperation Council comprising the Agency and the direct operators recognized by the Summit.
On 17 March 1978 a division of the South Lebanon Army, which collaborates with the occupation forces, attacked the village of Khiyam and carried out an appalling massacre in which over 100 people, most aged between 70 and 85 years, were killed.
The volume and complexity of the services required from the Section has continued to increase in recent years.
Actual requirements were lower than budgeted, resulting in an unutilized balance of $33,000.
Their methods of doing business range from Grameen Bank-style solidarity groups and institutions dealing with individual clients to self-managed self-help groups.
10. Concerning recommendation 10, UNESCO has contributed both to programme support of and media relations for United Nations initiatives, in particular the organization of the United Nations youth forums at Vienna in 1996 and at Braga and Lisbon in 1998.
On 18 July 1998, Turkey sent five warships, including two submarines, two frigates and a gunboat, which arrived in the occupied port of Kyrenia, as well as seven military aircraft (NF-5), which landed at the occupied airfield of Lefkoniko.
As the sixth largest contributor, its contributions to the restructured GEF accounts for five per cent of total pledges.
93. According to a report by the Secretary-General of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, the conservation of biological diversity is fundamental to human life.
● Reducing the need for travel by private vehicles;
This number does not take account of the potential for two possible missions in Africa being authorized by the Security Council some time during the first half of 1998.
Annex I Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999
5. Recommends that the Programme focus its efforts:
A. Ninth Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Africa 3 3
of Hungary to the United Nations of Iceland to the United Nations
Strongly emphasizing that the difficult economic situation of member States of the Committee constituted a factor of instability that threatened peace and security in the subregion, they launched a pressing appeal to the international community and, in particular, to the international financial institutions, for increased support for their economic recovery efforts.
The Meeting of the Parties shall, at its first session, consider and approve appropriate procedures and mechanisms to determine and address cases of non-compliance with the provisions of this Protocol.
A helicopter wing is maintained with the primary function of patrol and reconnaissance flights over the mission area, in particular where the establishment of observation posts or travel by surface is difficult.
In January 1998, food support began to be issued to SHC families in Lebanon both in cash and in kind (see para. 57), consistent with the practice in other fields.
1. United Nations reform: measures and proposals
“(b) Advocacy of humanitarian issues with political organs and relevant humanitarian partners and actors;
(f) Various support services can also be provided on a commercial basis.
The High Commissioner reported ongoing efforts to redefine the goals of the Office and to develop a set of performance measures and targets to be monitored in monthly progress reports.
"In contrast to the inhuman policy of the Ethiopian Government, the Eritrean Government has not, and will not, take any hostile action against Ethiopians residing in the country.
A new prosthetic workshop is being opened in Dohuk governorate.
298. The Committee recommends that action be taken at the legislative, administrative and judicial levels to protect the right of everyone, including ethnic Vietnamese, to enjoy their rights under article 5 of the Convention, especially the right to security of person and protection by the State against violence or bodily harm, to public health and medical care and to education and training.
The objective of the United Nations Office for Project Services is to provide high-quality, timely, and cost-effective development services for the successful implementation of projects undertaken by United Nations Member States.
Being aware that it was crucial for the quality of texts formulated by the Commission that relevant non-governmental organizations should participate in the sessions of the Commission and its Working Groups, the Commission requested the Secretariat to continue to invite such organizations to its sessions based on their particular qualifications.
(b) The module functionality test was not completed within 150 days of the installation of the software.
An informal workshop on updated information from the national communication of Annex I Parties was organized during the sixth session of the SBI.
71. In its efforts to foster democracy and good governance, social justice and economic prosperity through international cooperation, the Inter-Parliamentary Union (IPU) has made recommendations on various specific problems of world economic and social development.
It is therefore my intention, with the consent of the Taliban and other relevant Afghan authorities, to add a new monitoring function to UNSMA, with the primary objective of promoting respect for minimum humanitarian standards and deterring massive and systematic violations of human rights in the future.
In 1997 alone, it produced 11,300 prostheses, of which 7,200 went to mine victims.
The representative of FAO also made a statement.
After all the witnesses for the prosecution had been heard, the defence began to present its case.
Mr. Max Surjadinata, East Timor Alert Network/Canada
40. Provision of $227,600 is made for miscellaneous supplies for the 11.6-month period, as follows:
II. CONSIDERATION OF DRAFT DECISION A/C.5/52/L.45
3. Column 1 of annex I to the present report sets out by budget line item the cost estimates for maintaining UNIFIL for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, as contained in annex I to the report of the Secretary-General of 20 February 1996 (A/50/543/Add.1).
Promoting an internationally competitive and efficient service infrastructure for trade and development, as well as advisory services in such fields as investment, competition, technology, trade and entrepreneurship, are important factors for good governance.
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel
It felt, therefore, that its recommendations should address both issues taken together in order to deal in a more comprehensive and effective way with the special economic problems of States affected by the application of sanctions.
The cost estimate provides for the replacement of worn or damaged equipment and consists of: (a) five 3-cubic-metre fuel bladders at a cost of $3,000 each ($15,000); (b) four 25-cubic-metre fuel bladders at a cost of $12,000 each ($48,000); and (c) five 60-cubic-metre metering units at a cost of $1,700 each ($8,500).
The Board considers that a total compensation basis would provide a more appropriate comparison between the comparator’s remuneration package and that of the common system;
1. Approves the activities in the field of dissemination of information on decolonization undertaken by the Department of Public Information and the Department of Political Affairs of the Secretariat;
Economists and political and social thinkers of all tendencies are drawing attention to this dangerous phenomenon.
Moreover, despite the setbacks in the peace process, the refugee community was becoming more active and more organized, both inside and outside refugee camps.
SwedenOne claim in the sixth instalment was erroneously reported as not eligible for compensation.
At ESCAP, 225 inter-office vouchers amounting to $1.67 million had not been processed as at 31 December 1997.
9. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure strict adherence to the Financial Rules and Regulations of the United Nations in matters concerning control over expenditure on the Integrated Management Information System project, with particular reference to contractual costs, and to ensure that adequate administrative support is provided for the project in accordance with the recommendations of the Board of Auditors in paragraphs 25 and 27 of its report;5
Recalling previous resolutions of the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights on the subject, and taking note of the most recent, Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/65 of 21 April 1998, See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1998, Supplement No. 3 (E/1998/23), chap. II, sect. A.
24. The Special Representative focused on the human rights aspects of the electoral process.
The staff answers questions by telephone or mail and provides infor-mation and educational materials on the work of the United Nations and on the programmes and agencies of the entire United Nations system.
Mission subsistence allowance discontinued owing to conversion to established office effective 1 March 1998.
Technical assistance was needed at the country level.
Workload statistics for translation and revision
Consequently, rice and overall food prices rose by 50 per cent over a 12-month span, according to an April 1998 report by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO).
(d) In the legislative mandate under subprogramme 1.6 (new subprogramme 1.5), Decolonization, add General Assembly resolutions 51/209 and 52/161.
For 1999 however, Addendum 1 to this document presents to the COP all requirements in their totality, identifying separately those proposed to be funded by the core budget and those which it is suggested be met by the Supplementary Fund and the Special Fund.
54. The stock of outstanding external debt of the least developed countries has grown from $114.8 billion in 1990 to $134 billion in 1996.
Replace the paragraph with the following: (c) Promoted the implementation of agreed plans, strategies, programmes or platforms for action, including the outcome of United Nations conferences in the economic, social and related areas, and monitored, as appropriate, the implementation of agreed plans, strategies, programmes or platforms for action for which the Department is responsible for assisting intergovernmental follow-up and review processes
The new prison regulations bring all prisons under the direct control of the Department of Prisons of the Ministry of the Interior, and makes access dependent on the obtaining of an authorization from the head of the Department of Prisons.
5. The 1st meeting, on 22 January, was opened by the President of the Economic and Social Council for 1997, Vladimir Galuska (Czech Republic).
(c) If the commissions have reason to believe that the life, health or safety of a person concerned by their inquiry is threatened or that there is a risk of losing an element of proof, they may seek court action, under an emergency procedure, to end such threat or risk;
The support the students receive is conditional on good academic performance.
The report presents recommendations for further action.
Accordingly, the Board analysed these unpaid pledges, which totalled $173 million at 31 December 1997, and noted that $45.17 million related to the years 1988 to 1993 as shown below.
Appropriations 15 October 1992-30 June 1993 (General Assembly resolution 47/224 A)
3. Other INCD recommendations requiring action by the COP are integrated in the COP work programme as indicated in the annotated provisional agenda(document ICCD/COP(1)/1). II. DRAFT DECISIONS RECOMMENDED BY THE INTERGOVERNMENTAL NEGOTIATING COMMITTEE ON DESERTIFICATION
Between 0900 and 1100 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Kafr Falus, Iqlim al-Tuffah and Nabatiyah areas at high altitude.
37. In the report of the Secretary-General to the Security Council of 2 May 1998 (S/1998/375), it was proposed that the Mission be provided with a 294–strong United Nations self-protection unit, along with the necessary civilian support personnel, whose task would be to guard each of the Mission’s facilities, except Tbilisi.
In welcoming the participants, he recalled that only four sessions remained for the AGBM to complete the Berlin Mandate entrusted to it.
"Change in per capita economic welfare" means the change in per capita gross national expenditure resulting from mitigation action.
31. It is far from always true that the acts of officials, if regarded as acts of the State, that violate international law, are international crimes.
Source: UNCTAD secretariat calculations, based on UNCTAD’s average indices of free market prices and various editions of UNCTAD’s Monthly Commodity Price Bulletin, including TD/B/CN.1/CPB/L.47, May 1997.
4. At previous sessions, the Fifth Committee submitted to the General Assembly a draft decision containing the names of the persons recommended for appointment.
No expenditures were incurred under this heading, resulting in an unutilized balance of $65,000.
44. In endorsing the agenda set by the World Summit for Children, the subsequent conferences and summits have also extended target dates for achieving child-related goals into the first decade of the twenty-first century.
The following should be inserted in paragraph 93: One P-4 post and one P-3 post are requested for the Office of the Chief of the Service.
59. The Commission further considered comments and proposed amendments to annex I to the Rules of Procedure communicated to the Chairman by India, Mexico, the Republic of Korea and the United States.
Annexes I. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 — consolidated budget: summary statement
At 2010 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Iqlim al-Tuffah area at high altitude.
257. On 27 January 1997, the Secretary sent a letter, through the Permanent Representative of the Russian Federation to the United Nations, to former Vice-Prime Minister Y.F. Yarov, who had initiated the process leading to the proposed agreement, giving a full account of the developments in the General Assembly.
11. There was support from several countries for the proposal to invite countries using UNCTAD's software - namely, the Advance Cargo Information System (ACIS), the Automated System for Customs Data (ASYCUDA) and the Debt Management and Financial Analysis System (DMFAS) - to contribute to the costs incurred in providing a regular maintenance and back-up service, on the understanding that the level of such "user charges" would need to reflect capacity to pay.
These legislative matters should be the subject of a comprehensive study of the compatibility of the provisions of Haitian legislation with the international instruments ratified by Haiti, particularly the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and the Inter-American Convention on the Prevention, Punishment and Eradication of Violence against Women (Convention of Belém do Pará).
81. The technical challenges remaining for these materials lie in extending their service lifetimes and in developing the processing methods needed to produce large numbers of devices at low cost.
IV. CONTINGENCIES A. Post-Kyoto intergovernmental process
This extensive collaboration takes a variety of different forms, including exchanging information, participating in meetings including those of certain commodity/producers/consumers groups contributing to expert groups, and technical assistance activities.
In some cases it relied on UNDP field offices for administrative support for certain activities.
7. The Board recommends that UNDP maintain information on occupancy levels of its headquarters buildings in order to help control and monitor costs (para. 67).
5. Programmes to reduce demand for drugs should be part of a comprehensive strategy to reduce demand for all substances of abuse.
United Nations Board of Auditors The Secretary-General of the United Nations
At present, there is no entitlement due to a divorced spouse under the Fund's Regulations.
UNDP has already, in connection with the United Nations Development Group (UNDG) Sub-Group on Common Premises and Services, established certain information systems that will be maintained on a regular basis.
Systems consultant to configure United Nations Headquarters servers (2 work-months at $5,000 per month);
The Committee was also informed that, based on revised information provided by the Board of Auditors, provision under audit services could be reduced by $4,700.
87. It is proposed to maintain the current numbers of support account posts provided for the Section, which has 29 posts funded from the account: 1 P-5 (Senior Procurement Officer), 8 P-4 (Procurement Officers), 9 P-3 (Procurement Officers) and 11 General Service posts (procurement assistant/secretary).
74. Yet the volume of external aid to developing countries has declined steadily throughout this decade, and now stands at 0.22 per cent of the GDP of the industrialized countries – only 0.19 per cent for the group of seven major industrialized countries, which includes the richest among them.
• Field-level implementation is ultimately the most important issue.
The representative of Jamaica, under rule 43 of the rules of procedure, made a statement concerning her request for the inclu-sion of an additional item entitled “Admission of the International Seabed Authority to membership in the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund”(A/52/233 and Add.1).
Construction of a US$ 1.2 billion aluminium project in Maputo is to begin in 1998.
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.6, entitled “Proposed amendments to document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.4, submitted by Italy, dated 23 February 1998” (see annex VI);
In accordance with these provisions, four Parties have submitted proposals to amend the Convention or its Annexes. GE.97-61982
A number of Council resolutions (1981/7, 1985/15, 1987/30, 1991/44 and 1993/38) had been adopted to redress the situation.
Prevalence of diabetes mellitus among registered refugees age 40 and above (per cent)
To make further progress will require action on both the domestic and international fronts.
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,
(c) Conclusions and recommendations should be precise, action-oriented and concrete.
23. Arrangements for the sea-lift of contingents and contingent-owned equipment are made by the Field Administration and Logistics Division, Department of Peacekeeping Operations, through contracts or letters of assist.
The composition of each of these teams and post levels are shown in annex II to the present report.
Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the period from 14 July 1960 to 30 June 1997 as at 30 June 1997
Aerial photos of land are taken every six months by the Israeli authorities and demolition notices are subsequently served.
At the organizational session of the Council, consideration should be given to choosing a second theme dealing with concrete sectoral issues ... (para. 57).
7. The employment situation is closely linked to the educational sector.
WHO provided the Committee’s secretariat with a scientific report on the results of the WHO International Programme on the Health Effects of the Chernobyl Accident in order to include the results obtained in the Committee’s assessments of health consequences of the catastrophe.
They thus play an important part in generating greenfield investments and in expanding existing business activities into new areas.
The Working Group is also mandated to give special attention to the evolution of standards concerning the rights of indigenous people.
Calls upon the international community, in particular the donor countries, to expand financial resources as well as other assistance including medical and technical assistance to the affected developing countries, in particular the African countries, for the implementation of work plans and projects in this field;
At its 1st plenary meeting on 30 September, the Conference adopted the following decisions which had been recommended for adoption by the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee:
Efforts to assure increased staff rotation in and out of Nairobi, to demonstrate that it is a mainstream duty station, are also essential.
On the part of non-Annex I Parties, the Chairman noted that the President of Argentina, in a joint statement with the President of the United States of America, had declared Argentina’s willingness to advance the process.
63. In 1997, the emergency assistance by the Government of Ireland totalled 315,000 Irish pounds.
“Recognizing that the overall socio-economic development efforts of the landlocked States in Central Asia, seeking to enter world markets through the establishment of a multicountry transit system, are impeded by a lack of territorial access to the sea as well as by remoteness and isolation from world markets and lack of adequate infrastructure in the transport sector in transit developing neighbours due to their economic problems,
The analyst remained a few additional days in Kigali in order to obtain more information before coming to Geneva to assist in the preparation of the report.
The estimates are based on individual sector contributions to gross domestic product (GDP).
A Competition Seminar co—financed with the United States Federal Trade Commission is planned to take place as soon as Costa Rica finds sources of funding.
(iii) "Home country" means the country of home leave of project personnel under rule 205.2;
That was a symptom partly of inadequately vigorous regulation and supervision, but also of the credit boom that often tends to fuel such investments.
53. Persons arrested earlier this year in Port-de-Paix but detained in Port-au-Prince in connection with the Jean-Rabel massacre of July 1987 have not yet been interrogated by the public prosecutor, who has requested special security measures for his own protection.
SPS consists of a high-energy particle detector (HEPD) and ionosphere measurement sensor (IMS).
It therefore, on the one hand, denied a request by Japan for an interim relief allocation of 50 minke whales by coastal community-based whaling and, on the other, called upon Norway to halt all whaling activities in areas under its national jurisdiction.
Special account for unpaid assessed contributions pursuant to General Assembly resolution 3049 C (XXVII)
The present addendum provides the recommendations of the Board to the General Assembly on the application for termination of membership of ICITO in the Fund.
However, no provision has been made for two demining platoons since it is anticipated that their tasks will be completed by 30 June 1998.
Balance to be assessed for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999,
(a) Report of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations (resolution 52/69), A/53/127;
7. Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations (item 87).
3. Each State party may, at the time of signature, ratification, acceptance or approval of this Convention or accession thereto, declare that it does not consider itself bound by either or both of the dispute settlement procedures provided for in paragraph 2 above.
The number of meetings taking place simultaneously would be limited to two, to facilitate the work of small delegations.
2. Recognizes the efforts to provide wider access to the optical disk system, while continuing to ensure the availability of hard copies of documents for Member States, in particular developing countries;
IDB.18/Dec.6 PERSONNEL AND RELATED FINANCIAL IMPLICATIONS OF THE PROPOSED BUDGET REDUCTIONS
One delegation expressed the hope that the Library would be allocated resources commensurate with its work.
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
D. Globalization: threats and opportunities at the periphery 32 - 34 17
The conflicts in Armenia, Azerbaidjan, Georgia, Moldova, Northern Ossetia, Tadjikistan, Chechnya and especially on the territory of the former Yugoslavia have generated equally massive flows of refugees.
At its 7th meeting, on 6 March, having considered a proposal by the Vice-Chairman, the SBI adopted the following conclusion:
Over 400,000 people are said to have been drafted within only a one-year period of the conscription order in 1939.
XIX. Conference room paper submitted by the Bureau of the Open-ended Working Group: sets of outstanding issues related to the expansion of the Security Council, dated 25 June 1998
356. The Committee expresses its appreciation to the State party for the timely submission of both its report and written responses to the Committee's list of issues.
Funding pledged and received for programmes and projects totalled $19.7 million, leaving a substantial shortfall against current needs and requests for assistance.
In addition, products from developing countries often failed to attract customers because of poor product presentation.
The transfer of these funds ceased following the invasion of Kuwait by Iraq on 2 August 1990.I. PROCEDURAL HISTORY
The Working Group of the Commission on Human Rights continues its work with the aim of submitting a final text to the Commission by its fifty-fifth session.
17. Starting in 1990, the Government embarked, with the assistance of the international community, on a vast stabilization and structural adjustment programme in order to reorganize public finances, liberalize the economy and strengthen institutional capacities.
5. During a subsequent audit, the audit team noted that, as at 30 May 1997, there were 412 requisitions awaiting procurement action, most of which did not appear to be valid.
In Somalia alone, this emergency affected the lives of up to 1 million people and the death toll exceeded 2,000.
The establishment of frameworks for regional cooperation as well as the extension of precursor control to internal and import controls were highly desirable.
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 5 (A/53/5), vol. III, chap. I.
45. An estimated amount of $500,000 would be necessary to cover activities provisionally envisaged for 1999.
19. On 30 April 1997, five East Timorese were arrested in the hamlet of Metagou on charges of having contact with guerrillas.
The number of actions will increase further with the increase in the number of staff proposed.
40. The programme has continued to focus on cost efficiency, maintaining an overall clearance cost per metre of around US$ 0.60.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/53/314 and Corr.2 and Add.1);
The need to accord greater priority to tourism in the work of ESCAP was emphasized by the Commission at its fifty-first and fifty-second sessions.
This may be caused by the relatively smaller spread of opium trafficking as a result of its bulkier mass and the greater profitability of heroin, which leads to more opium being set aside locally for refining into heroin.
Moreover, it is not clear how the research work mentioned in the Secretary-General’s report will give rise to a need for additional staff.
(h) The need to promote and implement administrative and structural preparedness measures within the public sector, such as decentralization and delegation of resources and responsibilities from the national to provincial and municipal authorities;
ENGLISH ORIGINAL: FRENCH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
61. In 1996–1997, the Programme appointed 147 consultants at headquarters at a cost of $1.9 million to help it deliver its programme of work, in addition to the national consultants recruited in the field.
Article III, section 1, of the Philippine Bill of Rights states:
The Parties are prepared to engage in constructive interaction and cooperation with all interested States and international organizations with a view to implementing the provisions of this Declaration in the interests of peace, security and stability in the region and the whole world.
“In order to further these aims, competent local teachers from those villages are dismissed and replaced by new teachers who lack qualifications, experience and competence.
III. Recommendation of the Fifth Committee
In addition to this sum, a further contribution of Lit 1 billion to UNICEF has been planned in support of Operation Lifeline Sudan through the channel of regular programmes.
32. In line with the Azerbaijan Government’s commitment to achieve the establishment of civil society and within the framework of UNDP Programme for Democracy, Governance and Participation, the Department has been implementing the Non-Governmental Organizations Development Project since 1997.
8. The Advisory Committee welcomes the corrective measures taken to improve inventory control and assets management, in particular the conversion of multiple inventory databases, supported by individual asset managers, into a single, unified mission-wide inventory database, which is referred to in paragraph 22 (b) of the report.
Included under this heading is the estimated income to be derived from the sale of obsolete or surplus equipment and stores.
Chargé d’affaires a.i. Deputy Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations
They were later boarded by the United States Coast Guard and their custody was then transferred to the flag State.
Since it has taken the initiative in creating a nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia and condemns the carrying out by India of nuclear tests, Uzbekistan declares itself resolutely opposed to the proliferation of nuclear weapons in the world.
Armoured cars stormed into the village and opened fire on civilians who had assembled in the local church. Seven people were killed and several others were wounded.
DECOLONIZATION COMMITTEE (FOURTH COMMITTEE) 10th meeting
101. Provision of $1,800 has also been made for telephone rental and local telephone charges and $1,200 is requested for office supplies.
The deadline for passing the laws as set by the Peace Implementation Conference at Luxembourg was 31 August 1998, but there appeared little probability that the new laws would be adopted before elections in September 1998.
In addition, it is expected that the diversion of precursors and essential chemicals from manufacture and domestic distribution and international trade will have been reduced.
In August 1996, the telecommunications satellite Telecom 2D was successfully put into orbit by Ariane.
Attention should also be drawn to the fact that these boards are specialized bodies.
The European Union welcomes the proposal of the Secretary-General of the United Nations to send his Special Envoy, Mr. Lakhdar Brahimi, back to the region for further negotiations.
29. Future site restoration costs that relate to damage incurred in prior periods to prepare an asset or activity for operation, and that are accrued in total at the time the related damage is incurred, should be capitalized.
I shall allow no confrontation, administrative tug-of-war, substitution for legislative work or attempts to impose an ideology.
One initiative incorporated into a non-formal UNICEF education project educational components aimed at preventing drug abuse, while two other initiatives introduced preventive education into UNFPA family planning and family life educational programmes in urban slum areas.
This can be done by educating management about its responsibilities for implementing and monitoring the control structures.
That step will be followed by the formulation of a national plan of action.
(a) Globalization, inequality and poverty.
Noting that the commemoration and the five-year implementation review of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights provide opportunities to assess progress achieved with respect to the human rights of women, she acknowledged that women continue to face serious inequalities in law and practice in all spheres of activity, in all societies.
Its calibration is being executed in cooperation with RIAN and the University of Illinois Department of Astronomy, at Urbana, Illinois.
It further recommends that legislation on the right to maternity leave and breastfeeding breaks be implemented vigorously to ensure adequate protection for women.
Fourthly, globalization is a multifaceted process involving many actors.
Parties to the Convention that are not parties to this Protocol may participate as observers in the proceedings of any session of the subsidiary bodies.
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China) and Indonesia.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 16 of the Convention [6]
218. The view was also expressed that the existing Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget and the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation are most comprehensive, clear and specific.
The number of children held there varies from month to month.
10.2 (c ) (iv) A statement of appropriations by major programme;
53. The 1997 work plan of the resident coordinator system sought to realize the cooperation and coordination objectives as detailed in UNDAF for Mozambique.
At 0925 hours Israeli forces and the militia of the minion Lahad strafed areas around their positions on Jabal Balat and Sujud hill with machine-gun fire.
The final report54 of the Special Rapporteur, submitted to the Subcommission at its forty-eighth session, examined the implementation of the Plan of Action for the Elimination of Harmful Traditional Practices Affecting the Health of Women and Children,55 and the outcome of the two regional seminars in Burkina Faso and Sri Lanka.
Many of these threats were made by local officials and members of the official and unofficial security forces.
Reservations to articles 2 and 16 perpetuate the myth of women’s inferiority and reinforce the inequalities in the lives of millions of women throughout the world.
(x) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction.
The representative of Indonesia made a statement in explana-tion of vote.
Mutual responsibility among people and criteria for co-responsibility between States and governments necessarily change with these global processes.
Any Party not listed in Annex X making a notification in relation to Article 2(b) and/or Article 2(c) shall be bound by commitments regarding communication of information relating to implementation under Article 2(e) (see paragraphs 156-156.2) above, as relevant.
The station is now capable of receiving data from LANDSAT-TM, SPOT, MOS, JERS, ERS and IRS satellites and will be upgraded for Radarsat and ADEOS data in the near future.
“(c) To provide administrative support services to the bodies designated for recourse and disciplinary matters: Joint Appeals Boards, Joint Disciplinary Committees, Grievance Panels and Panels of Counsel;
In the Dominican Republic, for example, some small and medium-scale processors and exporters have formed a marketing group in order to upgrade the overall level of their technical operations, broaden their product range, achieve economies of scale in both physical distribution and marketing, and rationalize transaction costs in target markets.
Noting with interest the statements made and the information on the political and economic situation in Guam provided by the representatives of the Territory to the Pacific regional seminar, held at Nadi, Fiji, from 16 to 18 June 1998,
Requirements for medical supplies were lower than estimated, resulting in an unutilized balance of $2,000.
8. Assets consisted of cash of $1,175,511, other accounts receivable of $32,235 and unspent allocations of $358,242.
According to Human Rights Watch, “torture, particularly with electric shocks, but also with a variety of instruments such as rattan, metal pipes and electric cable, is a standard method of interrogation” (Human Rights Watch/Asia; September 1997, Vol. 9, No. 9 C).
Each assessment shall be established in a component in United States dollars and the remainder in Austrian schillings in direct proportion to the respective shares of regular budget expenditures determined by the Conference, upon recommendation of the Director-General, to be linked to these two currencies.
It also noted the persistence of violence against women and sexual exploitation in all the countries under review.
14. Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue to examine this question and report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.
Ethiopian authorities unabashedly declare that Badme and the other areas along the border they forcibly occupied have never been part of Eritrea, either during the Italian period of colonization or since.
Taking note also of the provisions in Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/20 regarding the participation of organizations of indigenous people in the ad hoc working group,
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-61041
45. Notwithstanding the need to increase domestic savings rates in Africa, those rates will still fall short of total investment requirements, and Africa could legitimately look to the international community to provide supplementary resources.
In so doing, it indicated that an international crime is not a crime in the criminal law sense.
They have led in the past, and continue to lead, to serious and massive violations of these rights and even to their being completely disregarded by those who are responsible for and benefit from them.
However, their existence does respond to needs and requirements of SMEs for the successful operation of business.
36. Figueroa’s mother brought the case before the Office of the Counsel for Human Rights, which submitted two applications for the remedy of habeas corpus to no avail.
The Committee also recommends that the State party consider requesting international cooperation from relevant international organizations to address issues relating to the reproductive health of women.
37. In addition to ongoing projects funded by UNDP, contacts have been entered into with other donors for the launching, in a foreseeable future, of the following activities funded, inter alia, by the World Bank, the European Union, the Belgian cooperation agency and UNICEF.
This could increase the potential of bioprospectingThe systematic evaluation of biological material in search for economically valuable discoveries.
The financial results of peacekeeping operations are summarized in statements I and II, representing all active peacekeeping missions (statements IV-XIX); the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund (statement XX); the special account for programme support costs of peacekeeping operations (statement XXI); the United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi (statement XXII); and completed peacekeeping missions (statements XXIII-XXXI);
Letter dated 4 August 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/205)
97. At the 399th meeting of the Committee on Conferences, on 25 August 1997, the representative of the Secretariat presented an oral report on the matter.
The guide will be used at a UNDCP regional training seminar for the region of Asia and the Pacific, to be hosted by the Government of Japan.
Mexico accounted for some 53 tonnes of opium production in 1995, a decrease compared with the 60 tonnes reported for 1994.
Staff assessments provided for under expenditure line item 19 have been credited to this item as income from staff assessment and are credited to the Tax Equalization Fund established by the General Assembly in its resolution 973 (X) A of 15 December 1955.
Of these amounts, a total of $121,224, inclusive of programme support cost, has been authorized for expenditures through the end of December 1997.
Reaffirming the importance, for the effective guarantee and observance of human rights, of the universal realization of the right of peoples to self-determination enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, Resolution 2200 A (XXI), annex. as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples contained in General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960,
The Board is concerned at the significant number of documents submitted to delegations during and after the relevant sessions.
Critical views on the present status of international cooperation in the field of human rights should also be noted.
“Reaffirming the commitment contained in the Charter of the United Nations to promote social progress and better standards of life in larger freedom,
The Commission took note of the information provided by the representative of the ILO concerning a situation where two different French prefectures were involved that treated the requests differently.
Injecting practices of amphetamine-type drugs were reported also in central Asia.
We are also witnesses to the painful failures of those attempts.” Address to the Nation op. cit.
(b) Weekly garbage collection, monthly cleaning and disinfection of bins and rental of garbage dumpsters ($40,000);
“(a) To provide policy advice and support to the work of the Management Policy Committee, whose role is to ensure that all management reform is carried out;
39. The Board is pleased to note that technical experts will monitor the programme.
B. Situation of internally displaced persons, regrouped populations and refugees
Symposium on Population Change and Economic Development
1. The formulation in all States of youth policies by the year 2005 that are cross-sectoral, comprehensive and formulated with long-term vision coupled with action plans taking into consideration the guidelines set forth in the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond.
The reality, however, was that quite a number of young people took ecstasy on a recreational basis.
Some other delegations observed that while such institutions could, no doubt, play a role with regard to providing assistance to the affected third States, the responsibility for finding a more durable solution to the problem rested with the Security Council.
63. It was suggested that legislative recommendation 12 should be reformulated in order to avoid an unintended implication that some of the areas of law mentioned therein (e.g. security law, company law and investment protection) were not immediately relevant to privately financed infrastructure projects.
Informal consultations on agenda item 116 (Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 (A/52/6/Rev.1 (Vol.I and II) and Add.1, A/52/16 and Add.1, A/52/7 and Chapter II (Parts I-XII) and Add.1-2, A/51/950 and Corr.1 (Arabic only) and Add.1-6, A/52/303 and Add.1, A/C.5/51/53, A/C.5/51/57, A/C.5/52/15, A/C.5/52/20 and A/C.5/52/27))
These will include the provision of useful and reliable data, information and knowledge on the nature, patterns and trends in the licit supply of narcotic drugs, psychotropic substances and their precursors; identification and analyses of issues related to treaty compliance; maintenance of dialogue with Governments on its behalf; and wider dissemination of the Board’s findings and annual reports;
During 1997, the Department distributed more than 200,000 cassettes of its taped programmes in 15 languages to some 1,800 radio stations and networks worldwide, thereby providing in-depth coverage of a wide range of issues dealt with by the United Nations and organizations of the United Nations system. The Department has also increased access by broadcasters worldwide to its telephone news feeds.
(b) International procurement of strategic food commodities
Despite a considerable shortfall in funding for the health programme, an estimated 4.2 million people received basic health services.
Las guerras y el derecho internacional. Revista Universitaria No. 59 (1998), pp. 9-11.
The programme has actively contributed to the work of the Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC) Subcommittee on Water Resources and the Commission on Sustainable Development, which at its sixth session in 1998, considered freshwater management as its sectoral theme and transfer of technology, capacity-building education, science and awareness-raising as its cross-sectoral theme for in-depth consideration.
3. Commends the efforts by the Mediterranean countries in meeting common challenges through coordinated overall responses, based on a spirit of multilateral partnership, towards the general objective of turning the Mediterranean basin into an area of dialogue, exchanges and cooperation, guaranteeing peace, stability and prosperity, and encourages them to strengthen such efforts through, inter alia, a lasting multilateral and action-oriented cooperative dialogue among States of the region;
Although the Web site is not specifically geared to NGOs, their knowledge of modern information technologies and frequent use of the Internet make them primary beneficiaries of United Nations efforts in this field.
“4. Requests the Secretary-General, in close consultations with Governments, all relevant parts of the United Nations system and relevant intergovernmental organizations, to propose themes for the promotion of international economic cooperation for development for the second high-level dialogue for consideration by the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;
We are of the view that though the experience of one country merits consideration by others, it might not be appropriate to copy the experience, given the fact that operations in different regions need to be undertaken in the light of their respective actual situations and specific conditions.
(k) To delete paragraph 9, which defines the term “radiation-dissemination device”;
The ILO invited the Commission to review that material, which it deemed was most germane to the discussion at hand and should not be lost sight of in the discussion that had arisen over the request for further information about visa/residency requirements in France.
The current staffing for UNFICYP totals 351 posts, consisting of 44 international staff and 307 local staff.
In this context, the Council considered the recent developments in the situation between India and Pakistan as represented by the nuclear tests recently carried out by both countries.
The Committee is further concerned that in the light of Libyan legislation regarding citizenship, decisions related to the acquisition of nationality are based only on the status of the father.
• ST/SGB/Staff Rules/1/Rev.7/Amend.2 of 25 July 1991, and revised Staff Regulation 9.5 of 19 December 1989, providing that staff members shall normally not be retained in active service beyond the age of sixty years or, if appointed on or after 1 January 1990, beyond the age of sixty-two years;
13. Further encourages the Working Group to continue to consider the question of impunity, in close collaboration with the rapporteur appointed by the Subcommission and with due regard for relevant provisions of the Declaration;
However, by adding "and certain other rights or considerations arising in connection therewith" the Sub-Commission considerably broadened the Rapporteur's mandate.
(j) Strengthening the role of non-governmental organizations and civil society at large: contribution by this sector has been widely recognized as vital for the effective promotion and protection of human rights.
19. While article 29 provides an inter-State dispute procedure, a number of States have entered reservations to article 29 itself, thereby limiting its effect.
(c) Large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing, unauthorized fishing in zones of national jurisdiction and fisheries by-catch and discards:
8. Report of the Economic and Social Council: report of the Second Committee (A/52/625) [12]. Committees
All children were equal members of the human race, discriminatory laws which denied their right to life should be repealed.
The governing ratio is 70 acres of land for each 500 prisoners.
The secretariat shall also communicate proposed amendments to the signatories to this Protocol, to the Parties and signatories to the Convention and, for information, to the Depositary.
There are three ways in which UNCTAD is contributing to the ability of African countries to participate: (1) provision of analytical work and studies on the new issues; (2) provision of substantive analytical advice and assistance to developing-country delegations participating in the working groups; and (3) analysis of specific proposals tabled by developed countries and provision of elements of response by developing countries from a development perspective.
As yet, uncertainty exists about the significance of improvements in economic performance following the implementation of EMS.
Issues related to the distinction between career and non-career staff
We are gravely concerned, in particular, at the lack of progress on the Palestinian aspect, despite the genuine efforts made by the United States of America which we have supported as a step towards relaunching the peace process.
The Committee suggests that the Government consider seeking cooperation from the International Labour Organization in this area.
231. At its 3rd and 4th meetings, on 1 and 2 June 1998, the Committee considered the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the in-depth evaluation of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, transmitted under cover of a note by the Secretary-General stating his concurrence with the recommendations contained in the report (E/AC.51/1998/3).
20. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure the provision of adequate staff and facilities for the bodies and mechanisms that combat torture and assist victims of torture, commensurate with the strong support expressed by Member States for combating torture and assisting victims of torture;
(a) Strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations:
SINCE THE THIRTY-NINTH SESSION OF THE COMMISSION
24. In December 1997, the administration issued revised guidelines to further clarify reporting procedures and ensure increased uniformity and transparency.
United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO)
As a result of installation of water- metering equipment, water cost is expected to be lower than in the current financial period.
23. The members of the Administrative Committee on Coordination believe that a smooth and early transition to post-conflict peace-building is critical.
However, there continue to be human rights concerns, especially in the interior, where there have been persistent reports of harassment and intimidation of residents.
Increased stringency of technical regulations offsets some of the benefits from the Uruguay Round Agreements on tariff and export subsidy reductions.
57. Although trafficking of children is most commonly associated with prostitution, many children are in fact recruited as a cheap source of labour.
Of the total appropriations and allotments of $21.12 million during the biennium, the total expenditure of the Foundation was $14.23 million.
99. An International Labour Organization report, the World Labour Report 1995, explains that the employment situation in developing countries, particularly in sub-Saharan Africa, is determined by local market conditions which continue to discourage both domestic and foreign investment.
The Centre also convened a meeting of experts from all regions at Buenos Aires to consider ways of improving international cooperation against the phenomenon of corruption.
There are imbalances between supply and demand because of inadequacies in distribution and the high costs associated with quality information and expertise in knowing how to apply the information.
20. In order to avoid built-in underutilization, future reconvened sessions will be forecast at three meetings rather than four.
The adoption by the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijani Republic of the Declaration on the Restoration of the State Independence of the Azerbaijani Republic, on 30 August 1991, and the Constitutional Act of State Independence, on 18 October 1991, formed part of the outcome of the struggle for independence.
5. Vocational, technical and teacher training services
In order to be able to provide UNIIMOG with voice and data links from Baghdad and Tehran (both located in IOR) to United Nations Headquarters in New York, a satellite relay station had to be set up owing to the geographical reasons stated above.
5. The group proposes that further consideration be given to issues on which the veto should not apply, such as:
The Chief of the Science and Technology Section of OAU was invited by WIPO to participate in a training course that was organized by the WIPO Academy (Geneva, June 1998).
Similarly, development assistance providers are increasingly recognizing that their early involvement in rehabilitation efforts is important to minimize disruption, to initiate and sustain recovery, and to create conditions conducive for the return of displaced people.
of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
3. Pursuant to Security Council resolutions 1120 (1997) and 1145 (1997), the revised budget for the maintenance of UNTAES and the Support Group for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 was set out in the report of the Secretary-General dated 23 February 1998 (A/52/801) and amounted to $139,213,300 gross ($133,317,900 net), inclusive of budgeted voluntary contributions in kind amounting to $297,500.
. Supporting training programmes, particularly at the subregional level;
I should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex distributed as a document of the General Assembly.
5. At the 54th meeting, on 20 March, the representative of Argentina introduced a draft decision entitled "Reduction and refocusing of non-programme costs" (A/C.5/52/L.24), submitted by the Chairman on the basis of informal consultations.
Annex 2 provides indicative estimates of the administrative and operating budget of the Global Mechanism for 1998 and 1999.
The same approach should be taken in reviewing and updating the international legislation on mercenaries.
UNIDO also assisted 14 Latin American countries in the establishment of a regional network of 28 subcontracting and partnership exchanges linking small- and medium-scale enterprises and promoting various forms of business cooperation that have stimulated business activity and created new jobs.
Provision for spare parts, repairs and maintenance is based on $300 per month per vehicle for vehicles which are over one year old, for 220 vehicle-months and $100 per month per vehicle for new vehicles, for 162 vehicle-months.
20. The stand-by agreement foresees the reduction of public spending, consolidation of fiscal policy, implementation of financial control procedures and increased efforts to improve economic management.
Another delegation said that it was important that national information officers in the field should be trained to use the new technologies.
These decisions have forced the NGOs to abandon their much needed help for the innocent civilian population of Kabul, which now has to suffer the consequences of the decisions of the local authorities.
Human rights training for agents of the State is especially recommended.
This was the first police station to be established on Al-Wad Street, the main artery linking the Damascus Gate with the area of the Western Wall.
33. While United Nations missions have achieved notable successes, there are some conflicts where hostility is so intense and distrust so pervasive that no amount of skilful diplomacy will achieve a breakthrough.
49. The Board acknowledges the Administration's progress in establishing a supplier roster on as wide a geographical basis as possible but is concerned about the low response from vendors.
Public participation in economic policy-making
Encouraged Parties included in Annex I to the Convention to submit their second national communication and inventory by 15 April 1997, or another date determined by Decision 9/CP.2 of the second session of the COP for the country Parties with economies in transition;
26. The Board’s review disclosed that in the contributions collected during a biennium the proportion of non-earmarked contributions declined steadily from 92 per cent ($14.74 million) in 1990–1991 to 41 per cent ($5.34 million) in 1996–1997, as shown in table 2 below:
Between 0130 and 0500 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia directed several bursts of fire in the direction of Tallat Tuhrah from their positions on Tallat Tuhrah and Tallat Hardun.
C. Experience with the application of bilateral investment treaties
Corrigendum to the summary of the 15th plenary meeting of the General Assembly held on Monday, 29 September 1997 (see Journal No. 1997/188, p.8): the summary should read as follows:
Low administrative capacities and other institutional constraints have limited their ability to implement their reform programmes.
Chapter IV Preparation and adoption of the report of the Committee to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
In its resolution 6 (XL), the Commission took note of the outline for the biennium 1998-1999 for the Fund of UNDCP and the programme support cost totalling $162,298,000, including $18,558,300 for headquarters, $16,554,900 for field operations and $127,184,800 for project activities.
6. Organization of the Ninth Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean.
Programme 14 (Economic and social development in Africa), particularly subprogramme 14.1 (Facilitating economic and social policy analysis)
111. On 10 November, an anti-Israeli demonstration was held in Ramallah with Palestinian youths chanting slogans in support of Iraqi President Saddam Hussein, calling for missiles to be fired on Tel Aviv and burning United States and Israeli flags.
IFAD's primary task is the mobilization of additional resources to directly improve the production and income generation capacity of the rural poor, as well as helping to create the policy and institutional environment affecting the utilization of those resources, and the resources that the poor themselves bring to their economic activities.
Yet, the absence of demarcation has hitherto not erased the validity of treaties and agreements or caused the forfeiture of rights by one or the freedom to transgress by another.
In addition to other considerations, permits were denied to persons who had not paid taxes.
Switzerland: estimates were based on bottom-up energy forecasts models and draw a distinction between implemented measures and measures under consideration.
The work would from the outset involve a broad spectrum of international organizations interested in the international carriage of goods.
(b) Describe the actual components (including structure, mode of operation and willingness and capacity to contribute to the work of the Convention) as well as categories of users, and map their geographical distribution;
“Expressing its deep appreciation to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and to all bilateral and multilateral contributors, including intergovernmental, regional and non-governmental organizations, for the contribution and the support they provided to the interim secretariat of the Convention,
For this reason, the Administrative Committee on Coordination should continue to monitor, on a periodic basis, the application of the guidelines in order to assess progress in their application on a system-wide basis, and to seek to resolve any problems that might prevent organizations from achieving an optimal application of TCDC and ECDC modalities in their programmes and activities.
8. In addition, existing control mechanisms will be reviewed to strengthen those that support accountability and eliminate or modify those that undermine it.
At the same time, there is a need to increase the monetary value of GDP, that is, the amount of currency employed in the economy, without causing inflation.
(e) Participation of volunteers, ‘ White Helmets’, in activities of the United Nations in the field of humanitarian relief, rehabilitation and technical cooperation for development:
251. The proposed agreement was self-contained. It clearly stipulated that the rights granted thereunder flowed neither from the Regulations of the Fund nor from any obligation or responsibility on the part of the Fund.
Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the programme of activities of the International Decade of the World’s Indigenous People; A/53/310.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
(f) To advise intergovernmental bodies of the United Nations system on the formulation and implementation of environmental programmes;
The Republic of Korea, in particular, was thus seriously affected toward the end of 1997.
Letter dated 25 September 1998 from the Permanent
In accordance with resolution 47/111, financing for those sessions was provided from the regular budget.
The urban development team began an ongoing survey that attempts to establish the track record of South-South and North-South development cooperation between cities in the context of globalization and decentralization.
59. At its fifty-second session, the General Assembly had before it the report of the Secretary-General on economic assistance to States affected by the implementation of the Security Council resolutions imposing sanctions on the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (A/52/535).
Solutions similar to those resorted to in traditional medical services could be proposed, i.e. by determining that liability rests with the practitioner who receives a service (e.g. laboratory tests).
Although they account for a small share of GDP, exports of agricultural produce make up 95 per cent of Comorian exports.
3. The Secretary-General believes that the mandate of the Centre remains valid and that the Centre can play a useful role in fostering a climate of cooperation and disarmament in the region in the post-cold-war era.
Members of the Commission, representatives of CCAQ and of the staff would also be invited to submit relevant documents.
The General Conference, Recalling its resolutions GC.5/Res.20 and GC.6/Res.1 and taking note of Industrial Development Board decision IDB.17/Dec.2,
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
(c) Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors: report of the Fifth Committee: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/672);
COMMITTEE ON RELATIONS WITH THE HOST COUNTRY
The Committee recommends that detention procedures and other restrictions on the liberty of suspects and accused should be revised with a view to facilitating full application of the rights provided for under the Covenant, having particular regard to the principle of the presumption of innocence;
“Resolution of each crisis demands positive action by the protagonists directly responsible.
This group of partnerships will build on the success of UNCTAD’s Global Trade Point Network and will aim at reinforcing the capacity of developing countries’ enterprises, and particularly those from LDCs, to join the emerging global electronic marketplace, which will undoubtedly become the major source of value and wealth in the next century.
It was decided that the procedure to be followed would be the same as that adopted for the document on habeas corpus.
When austenitic steels are used, the specified minimum values for Re and Rm according to the material standards may be increased by up to 15% when greater values are attested in the material inspection certificate.
Thus, for this market the impact of the Asian crisis, with the sharp devaluations of the currencies of the countries in the region, can be expected first to reduce local producers’ earnings, but it will also tend to boost the competitive edge of the region’s textile industries.
In one case, a meeting was held in conjunction with a meeting of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) in order to encourage co-ordination.
In Latin America and the Caribbean, regional integration had played a crucial role in increasing FDI inflows, including intraregional flows (originating mostly from Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Mexico and Venezuela) that currently accounted for a significant part of total FDI in countries of the region.
9. Human rights questions: comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action [112 (d)] (A/52/36, A/52/182)
The necessary conceptual framework for such policies was elaborated in the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the measures regarding information and communications (A/AC.198/1998/2) submitted to the Committee on Information for consideration at its twentieth session (4 to 15 May 1998).
Status of the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations
D. Voluntary and trust fund contributions
These violations have never been redressed and deprive the victims of any possibility of developing themselves and leading a decent life.
Moreover, Taliban advances on the borders of central Asian republics have caused much alarm among those countries, which fear the possible spread of a fundamentalist brand of Islam in their territories.
(a) Contributions for each calendar year are expected on or before 1 January of that year;
(e) Letter dated 15 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/403);
It was noted that the comparator paid danger pay at some 21 locations, compared to 14 in the United Nations system.
Iraq therefore reserves its right to seek compensation.
The Protocol, which had been voluntarily implemented by States parties to the Antarctic Treaty, aims at furthering the environmental objectives of the Antarctic Treaty System by designating Antarctica as a natural reserve, devoted to peace and science.
III. Other public information activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
112. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations.
Between 1815 and 2135 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yuhmar al-Shaqif and Qa'qa'iyat al-Jisr from their positions at Zafatah and Ksarat al-Urush.
At its 13th plenary meeting on 10 October, the Conference of the Parties adopted decision 28/COP.1 on the date and venue of the second session of the Conference of the Parties, the text of which is contained in Part Two, section I, of this report.
Recording of advances to implementing partners
The Executive Board has stressed the need to ensure that adequate consideration be given to the desire for long-term sustainability, maintenance and compatibility with local requirements in developing countries in making procurement decisions in line with the general principles of procurement.
In any budget period, any credits earned from joint implementation to be used to increase the emission budget of an Annex [*] Party Note to reader: See paragraph 259 on Parties included in Annex [*] in this proposal . , shall be subject to stringent emission reduction verification and accountability methodologies developed by the SBSTA, or some other body designated for this purpose, and agreed to by the Parties to the [Protocol].
The withdrawal shall take effect upon the expiry of six months following the notification.
Addition, deletion, deferment or amendment of items
In all cases, insulation systems approved for this purpose shall:
A detailed breakdown of the calculations was provided to the Committee.
8. Protection underscores the UNICEF-backed initiatives to prevent childhood disability.
The Programme will provide leadership for the United Nations common system, ensuring its active and coordinated participation in the implementation of the strategy;
177. On 22 January, the Attorney of the Jerusalem District filed a charge sheet against three border policemen who had allegedly abused two Palestinians from the El Khader village on 12 August 1997.
Memoranda of understanding were signed with, inter alia, the American Bar Association and the International Union of Local Authorities.
The General Assembly, at its special session, may wish to encourage member States to agree on a satisfactory result of these negotiations at the third session of the COP, scheduled to be held in Kyoto in December 1997.
During the review, considerable additional information was provided on Ireland's forests and its ongoing afforestation programme.
UNU/WIDER UNU World Institute for Development Economics Research
The Greek Cypriot representative once again refers to the TRNC as an "occupied area".
I have the honour to present to you the report of the Board of Auditors to the General Assembly on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission in accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996.
He stated that, pending a comprehensive, just and lasting settlement of the Arab-Israeli conflict, the core of which was the question of Palestine, in accordance with international legitimacy, those items should remain on the list, as they continued to engage the responsibility of the Security Council with regard to the maintenance of international peace and security.
Most of these Parties have described projects that are currently underway and either noted, or identified, specific additional projects under consideration at this time.
(a) To decide on the treatment of the unencumbered balance of $21,752,900 gross ($19,524,600 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998;
The increasing amounts of cocaine seized in South Africa in the 1990s and the large numbers of seizures made would indicate the regular use of that country as a transit point.
(e) Report of the United Nations Commissioner for Human Rights;
(c) To initiate and enhance programmes of South-South cooperation in the field of human resources development, with particular emphasis on specific technical, technological and managerial training;
Periodic milestones, as markers along the road from Istanbul, will help assess global progress.
He noted that the assailants had used Kalashnikov automatic rifles, stressing that this was a grave escalation in the type of weaponry used by hit teams operating in Jerusalem.
G. Relations with United Nations bodies and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations
One such operation, during 1987-1990, significantly reduced Morocco's debt service ratio, from 36 per cent in 1986 to 23.7 per cent in 1992.
Schedule 3 General Fund: programme expenditure by executing agencies for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
4. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the report of the Secretary-General on the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in the region of the Middle East (A/53/379).
Statements were made by the representatives of Nepal, Mexico, Pakistan and the United States.
This dangerous development represents yet another provocative and hostile act by the occupying Power.
Its implementation in the departments/offices at Headquarters is scheduled for the first half of 1999.
Educating the young to meet these challenges has become a priority for every society.
Pursuant to General Assembly decision 51/468 B, the Office of Internal Oversight Services performed a further similar audit covering other United Nations insurance programmes and including the question of insurance contracts based on international bidding.
(ii) Annual report to the General Assembly on the staff list
Contributions for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 consisted of $724,247,000 for general resources, $537,213,000 for supplementary funds and $220,034,000 for emergency relief and rehabilitation.
The Committee was informed that where the current inventory (column 1) exceeds the total number of additional units (column 4) it is reflective of shipments received by the Mission from the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi.
Continued demand for consumer convenience in the preparation of food will stimulate interest in, and demand for, frozen products, and associated products such as boil-in-the-bag, microwave-ready, and chilled foods.
The observer for Holy See made a statement.
It is proposed that the administrative distribution of the Arab countries and Western Asia shall be as follows:
Finally, it should be noted that the revised Manual will be made available on the Intranet so that, to the maximum extent practicable, all United Nations offices, at and away from Headquarters, may access and/or print it, as necessary.
2. Sustainable development and international economic co-operation [97] (A/52/92, A/52/112, A/52/139, A/52/153-S/ 1997/384, A/52/163, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/ 52/318, A/52/432, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/ 514-S/1997/815)
On a proposal of its Chairman, endorsed by the Chairman of the SBI, the SBSTA set up an informal contact group to conduct consultations on the division of labour between the two bodies.
About half of the countries reported a decrease, while the other half reported an increase.
The Procedures, which guide the work of the embassy in Belgrade, do not, however, call for letters of guarantee.
486. Finally, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the initial report and written replies submitted by Bulgaria be made widely available to the public at large and that the publication of the report be considered, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
Between 1145 and 1230 hours Israeli forces and the South Lebanon Army strafed the area around their positions on the Swayda, Dabshah and Ali al-Tahir hills with medium-weapons fire.
As reported in the CTI survey, 83% of the centres provide services in English and 32% communicate in more than one language.
Inclusion, on the other hand, sought to change the school environment in order to meet the needs of the disabled child.
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.16/Rev.1*
The major concerns may be summarized, in substance, as follows:
• Outputs of ACC task forces and ACC’s standardized guidance are useful tools in enhancing the efforts already undertaken by the United Nations country teams for conference implementation.
“Welcoming the signatures of the Treaty by ... States, including all nuclear-weapon States, and welcoming also ratifications of the Treaty by ... States, including by two nuclear-weapon States,
13. We urge the international community to take immediate steps to achieve a world free of nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction.
The Commission had made a good start, and work needed to continue to look more deeply into the issue of investment and development.
3. In the last few years a growing interest has been perceived, among economists as well as social leaders and politicians, in understanding the effects and impacts of economic measures on social life, on politics, and especially on culture, human beings and their values.
Administratively, the camp is subject to the Israeli civil administration in the occupied border zone, under the supervision of a high-ranking Military Intelligence officer, while the camp’s day-to-day affairs are handled by a team of officers belonging to the South Lebanon Army.
With a capital base of $8 million and an overall recovery rate of 91 per cent, the SSE programme was the largest and most successful non-profit credit programme in the Palestinian territories, and one of the three most successful in the Middle East.
General debate on all disarmament and international security items (items 62 to 82) (A/C.1/52/INF/1)
What are the likely implications of including portfolio investment under a BIT in terms of investment protection and, where applicable, in terms of admission of investment?
(b) To widen the scope and improve the accessibility and international comparability of the statistical information compiled and disseminated by the secretariat, taking into account user demands.
79. Development is a human right, and the principal long-term objective of all countries in Africa.
Crusts have a similar metal composition to that of nodules, except that they have a relatively higher cobalt content.
Recalling section II.F of its resolution 47/216 of 23 December 1992, in which it noted that the Commission would review the level of dependency allowances every two years,
54. The representative of India supported the statements of the representatives of Morocco and Pakistan.
In view of delays in the expansion process, the budget was further revised to $16,570,900 gross ($15,826,800 net).
These factors have now made them potential targets for Air-launched anti-satellite (ASAT) weapons.
A representative may not, in raising a point of order, speak on the substance of the matter under discussion.
Certain domestic work environments pose special risks to the health of women; they are recognized in Ethiopia, the Islamic Republic of Iran and Nepal.
6. The unspent balance resulted from lower actual requirements than budgeted for spare parts, repairs and maintenance of miscellaneous equipment.
77. UNICEF administrative instructions on the use of special service agreements require that at the end of an assignment a supervisor must prepare a performance evaluation report on the work performed by a consultant/contractor.
ESCAP Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
c Ratio of the index of free market prices for each group of commodities to that of the export unit value of manufactures.
UNTAES United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium
All of the United Nations agencies operating in Iraq and all of the humanitarian organizations that have sent visiting missions to Iraq have testified to this fact.
The total revised estimates are shown in column 2 and the budget estimates for UNSMIH, UNTMIH and MIPONUH are provided in columns 3, 4 and 5 respectively.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.23
organic peroxides type D showing a medium effect when heated under confinement As determined by test series E as prescribed in the current edition of the Recommendations on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, Manual of Tests and Criteria, Part II. with a SADT ≤ 50 °C or showing a low or no effect when heated under confinement with a SADT ≤ 45 °C; and
25. Furthermore, I urge these countries to implement as quickly as possible the training programmes which they have decided to establish in order to make media professionals more aware of the need to follow the code of ethics of their profession and of their responsibility to promote a culture of peace and democratic principles in the Central African subregion.
At 1440 hours an Israeli command aircraft flew over the sea off Tyre at high altitude.
As stated by the European Union special representative, Glenys Kinnock, on 29 July 1998, it is the wish of the European Union to continue to engage constructively with Cambodia, particularly in the weeks and months ahead.
6. After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the observers for Indonesia (on behalf of States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union.
6. Parallel to that development has been the initiative by Malta, at the Second Inter-Parliamentary Union Conference on Security and Cooperation in the Mediterranean, held in Malta from 1 to 4 November 1995, to set up an association of Mediterranean States, open to all the Mediterranean coastal countries and to those countries whose destiny is directly linked to that Sea, according to modalities to be defined.
His Excellency Sheikh Hamad Bin Jassem Bin Jabr Al Thani, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Qatar.
30. Further progress has been made to augment the International Space Information Service through the development of the home page on the Internet.
These States asked whether the Tribunal was in a position to provide them with material assistance for that specific purpose.
Apportionment and expenditures for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 — maintenance budget
(g) To meet the needs of the least developed, landlocked and island developing countries and economies in transition in the areas of macroeconomic reforms, policy management and resource mobilization and use through the provision of analysis, technical assistance and advisory services;
21. In order to be able to participate successfully in government-private sector interaction, it is important that the private sector partners, including SMEs, be well organized. Nationwide business organizations exist in most countries.
While it may not be possible for Secretariat units to complete those volumes within the deadline indicated by the Secretary-General, work on the volumes is continuing with a view to completing them as early as possible.
On 20 February the Council of Ministers debated the situation of non-governmental organizations, accusing them of giving arms to the rebels (meaning the opposition, since there was no rebellion).
Letter dated 13 October 1998 from the Permanent Representatives
In accordance with the provisions of Articles 3 and 4 of the Convention, each Party listed in Annex I must adopt real policies and quantified objectives for the reduction and mitigation of its emissions of greenhouse gases.
AND ITS UTILIZATION FOR THE BIENNIUM 1998-1999 14-45
3. When the number of studies proposed for a decision exceeds 13 the members of the Sub—Commission should hold consultations in order to establish priorities.
Proposals to the Economic and Social Council on social services for all
Macroeconomic policy questions: report of the Second Committee (A/52/626) [95]
10. General and complete disarmament: report of the First Committee (A/52/600) [71].
Today, international pipelines are of comparable importance for mankind.
In several departments and duty stations, men still account for more than 60 per cent of the staff.
1. The following States members of UNCTAD, members of the Working Party, were represented at the session:
34. The United Nations has been involved in electoral assistance since its founding in 1945.
8. A total of 28 nominations were received for the 1998 United Nations Population Award from qualified nominators.
To facilitate the carrying out of the information management function of the GM, UNDP will establish linkages and make arrangements with a variety of partners, including RIOD to identify ways in which the large community of national NGOs involved in desertification control activities can be helped in identifying funding sources to support their work.
34. AALCC has been actively engaged in the study of refugee law and refugee problems and has been working in close cooperation with UNHCR for that purpose.
And we should have a clear picture of the state of affairs, tasks, possibilities and prospects for the development of the State and society.
36. One area in which thinking in different official circles has been along relatively similar lines is that of the principles of financial market regulation and oversight.
Tank means a construction which normally consists of either :
The Supreme Court judgement dated 24 October 1994 has also recognized the role of negotiations and made relevant observations in this regard.
Vents from the pressure-relief devices, when used, shall deliver the relieved vapour or liquid to the atmosphere in conditions of minimum back-pressure on the relieving device.
One Party (USA), however, reported a national strategy to minimize future emissions of HFCs and PFCs.
Unlike most other European countries, there is no general legislation governing cooperatives in Belgium, Denmark and Norway.
reserves and fund balances as at 31 December 1997 ..... 129
“5. Invites the nuclear-weapon States to keep the Members of the United Nations duly informed of the progress or efforts made for nuclear disarmament;
∙ On 29 October 1987, the then President of the United States, Ronald Reagan, by Decree No. 12613, prohibited any imports from the Islamic Republic as well as the export to Iran of 14 products potentially applicable for military purposes;
55. The Advisory Committee recalls that in connection with the financing of the United Nations Iran-Iraq Military Observer Group, the Secretary-General submitted a detailed comprehensive report on the treatment of voluntary contributions of supplies and services to the General Assembly at its forty-fourth session (A/44/624); the observations of the Advisory Committee were contained in its report of 14 November 1989 (A/44/725, paras. 32-41).
(a) To promote the participation of Member States in existing confidence-building mechanisms, such as the Arms Register (see A/52/871-S/1998/318, para. 27, in which the Secretary-General urged African States to participate in the Register and to establish supplementary subregional registers);
Despite the stated purpose of BITs, namely to promote investment flows, most of these treaties contain only general provisions for encouraging the host contracting party to promote flows from the other contracting party (other than through establishing protection standards); and most treaties are silent regarding promotion efforts by the home country.
52. The Advisory Committee notes the view of the Board of Auditors that the extent of losses recommended for write-off in several missions could have been avoided with tighter inventory management.
The Commission adopted its agenda for the 1997 organiza- tional session as contained in document A/CN.10/L.41.
1. As reported by the Secretary-General at the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, the UNDP country cooperation framework with Cuba for the period 1997–2001 addresses key development issues faced by the country in the context of the United States embargo.
In this connection, UNIDO has been active in the areas of investment promotion, the use of cleaner technologies and national capacity for managing industrial information, as well as national human resource development programmes in the manufacturing sector.
In 1996, the Czech Republic ranked fourth in the world in the rate of growth of Internet connections (145 per cent, as compared with the world average of 70 per cent).
(a) Preliminary estimate of resources to accommodate the proposed programme of activities during the biennium;
The provisional agenda, as approved by the fourteenth executive session of the Board, is reproduced in section I above.
The task had been to review the work of the ICSC secretariat, including whether resources were being used as they should and whether those resources were sufficient, and not to review the functioning of the Commission or the Member States, which was the prerogative of those bodies.
Advance force headquarters, daily subsistence allowance only.
Environmental awareness and machinery (Germany) 1 498
WORKING PARTY ON THE MEDIUM-TERM PLAN AND 2-4 September PROGRAMME BUDGET, thirty-second session (first part)
The second group of 58 graduates from the Burj el-Barajneh school was awarded an accredited baccalaureate II certificate in August 1997, having obtained a pass rate of 82 per cent in the general secondary examination, an increase of 15 per cent over the previous year.
(ii) United Nations Peace-building Support Office in
(launched by a Molniya carrier rocket from the Plesetsk launch site)
The Government’s education strategy focuses on identifying how the educational system can be more responsive to the needs of Maori, in order to further the goal of achieving educational parity between Maori and non-Maori.
It believed that fisheries ought to be prioritized to provide for essential nutritional and livelihood needs, particularly of those communities that were traditionally dependent on access to adjacent fisheries resources.
Financial report for the biennium ended 31 December 1997
3. Reports, conclusions and recommendations of subsidiary bodies: Human rights questions [7 (d)] (E/1997/L.23 and Add.2 and E/1997/L.44)
More transparency in transport markets is also very important.
B. Factors or difficulties impeding the 349. It is recognized that Cuba has experienced serious economic difficulties as a result of the embargo in place since the beginning of the 1990s that affect the full enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights, especially by less favoured social groups.
None of the reporting Parties provided the worksheets or equivalent information on agricultural soils and land-use change and forestry requested by the FCCC guidelines.
The disbursement of $1,800 was incurred in respect of UNPF’s share of the master aviation third-party liability policy.
6. Welcomes the redesignation of the intergovernmental Support Group as the Consultative Group, and invites it to continue its contributions to the observance of the Year;
This amount included claims outstanding in respect of missions in liquidation: UNAMIR ($3 million), and UNTAC ($0.7 million).
VI. Distribution of assets of the United Nations Operation in Somalia by disposal action and equipment category
30. United Nations bodies are increasingly involving the private sector in the operations, projects and programmes that they are supporting.
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 3 March 1998 addressed to you by His Excellency Mr. Aytuğ Plümer, Representative of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.
States are required by article 98 of the Convention to render assistance to any person found at sea in danger of being lost, to rescue persons in distress and, after a collision, to render assistance to the ship, its crew and its passengers.
3. Since my report of 20 July 1998, the political situation has not improved; it is still dominated by the protracted electoral and institutional crisis, which continues to erode the moral, political, economic and social fabric of the country.
A. Gender distribution of staff at the Professional and higher levels in the Secretariat
OIOS auditors also observed the auction for the sale of surplus UNPF property.
Thus, the discussion and passage of the constitutional treaty and the Constitution, and many other more or less important legislative acts alike, were marked by acrimonious conflict because of the lack of agreement and interaction at the highest level.
The figures on violations verified during the period under review include complaints admitted during previous periods.
The number of poor is rising rapidly in Europe and Central Asia and continuing to rise in Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa.
Furthermore, it was noted that the laws of certain countries posed obstacles to the pledge, as a collateral to commercial loans, of certain categories of assets held by the project company but owned by the public entity that awarded the concession.
21. The Board recommends that UNICEF expand and intensify its fund-raising activities, particularly in the area of general resources, and strengthen the monitoring and control of expenditures.
III. Recommendation of the Sixth Committee
Approves the report on credentials submitted by the Bureau of the first session of the Conference of the Parties.
As at the Summit, discussion of the means of addressing those issues will relate to goals, strategies, policies and programmes at the national, regional and international levels.
It is important that resources are channelled to sectors that have potential, especially agriculture, infrastructure and education.
He recalled the favour with which the General Assembly had viewed this undertaking in its resolution 52/216.
They further considered that certain expatriate problems, such as linguistic difficulties, lessened over time.
Under this programme, the Fund has mobilized USD 400 million additional resources from 25 donors (primarily from OECD countries).
C. Best practice in measuring and communicating environmental performance
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
Annual Bulletin of Housing and Building Statistics for Europe
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
It had before it proposals in respect of programme 26, Disarmament.
The national communication includes aggregated emission estimates using global warming potentials (GWP), with CO2 emissions contributing 80 per cent of total emissions expressed as CO2 equivalent, methane (CH4) 12 per cent, nitrous oxide (N2O) 7 per cent and indirect GHG nitrogen oxides (NOx), carbon monoxide (CO), and non-methane volatile organic compounds (NMVOC) 1 per cent.
200. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision 14, entitled “Torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment”, recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/1998/L.24, chap. I, sect. B).
The increasing interest in more targeted sanctions was evident in the recent measures applied by the Security Council against the military junta in Sierra Leone and against UNITA in Angola.
Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara
Those submissions are reproduced in document A/52/840.
The latter type of decision could be the focus of future technical papers on specific sectors as identified in document FCCC/SB/1997/3.
(b) In February, an agreement of cooperation was signed with the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) of the Government of Ghana to expand collaboration between UNU/INRA and CSIR on issues related to natural resources;
Under this agreement, the Office, as a cooperating institution, provides loan administration and project supervision services for a portfolio of IFAD projects.
On 29 August 1991, the Sub-Commission decided to transmit to the Commission on Human Rights the report of the 1991 session of the Working Group on a draft declaration on the right of everyone to leave any country, including his own, and to return to his country, inviting the Commission to provide comments and guidance on the issues mentioned in the report.
44 Foundation for Middle East Peace, Report on Israeli Settlements in the Occupied Territories (Washington, D.C., March-April 1997), p. 4.
UNRWA should take steps to recover the amounts outstanding from donors and reimburse and General Fund the amount of $11.2 million spent on the European Gaza Hospital project (para. 49).
Furthermore, since the annual cocaine supply in the 1990s was estimated to be some 46 per cent higher than that of heroin, law enforcement programmes in source and main consumer regions might have been more targeted and prioritized at cocaine than at heroin interdiction.
The Committee is concerned that in appearance as well as in fact the judiciary is not truly independent, that many judges have not been selected primarily on the basis of their legal qualifications, that judges can be subject to pressure through a supervisory authority dominated by the Government, and that very few non-Muslims or women occupy judicial positions at all levels.
I will therefore confine myself to reiterating that flights within the airspace of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus take place within the sphere of competence and jurisdiction of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus authorities and that the Greek Cypriot side has no say in the matter whatsoever.
In Japan, for example, such deliberation councils are of two types: functional (for example, pollution or finance) and industry-specific (for example, automobiles or chemicals).
NOTE: For the identification of the refrigerated liquefied gas(es) being transported, see also Part 5.
6. Several arguments were also made against the proposition, supporting the view that whether competition policy in itself was important or not, liberalization (or increasing liberalization) of FDI policy need not be linked to a greater need for competition policy.
89. On 16 June 1998, Indonesia promulgated Government Regulation No. 61 of 1998 on the list of geographical coordinates of the archipelagic baselines of Indonesia in the Natuna Sea.
Regarding the trade efficiency strategy, the analytical and policy-oriented bases of the trade efficiency programme are recalled and the practical steps of a result-oriented strategy are illustrated by two examples, namely the ASYCUDA programme and the Trade Point programme.
The Australian delegation to the fifteenth session of the Working Group submitted, on behalf of the Government of Australia, a paper containing updated information on the paragraphs in Mrs. Daes's preliminary working paper concerning the situation in Australia.
Since one of the major items in this category is short-term trade-related financing, this large swing entailed a sudden shortage of the credits necessary to conduct international trade.
55. The global programme against money-laundering, aimed at providing assistance and support to States to enable them to meet their obligations under the 1988 Convention, was initiated in October 1996 as a cooperative effort involving UNDCP and the former Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division (now called the Centre for International Crime Prevention).
267. Subsequently, a statement was made on behalf of the International Association of Ports and Harbours in support of considering the impact of new transport techniques on the law of carriage of goods and expressing willingness to contribute to the work of searching for harmonized legal solutions.
"(a) Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the office accommodation at the Palais Wilson,A/C.5/52/19 and Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1. the comments and observations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary QuestionsA/52/7/Add.4. and the oral statement made by the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on 16 March 1998;
The three thematic programme areas are addressed in relation to regional realities in Asia and the Pacific, Africa, Latin America and the Caribbean, Eastern Europe, and countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States, as well as placed within the larger global context.
and the remaining paragraphs were renumbered accordingly;
As a result of those actions, five drift-net vessel sightings had been reported in the North Pacific Ocean, of which one was seized by the United States as a stateless vessel while evidence on other vessels were turned over to their flag State.
(d) Develop a recommendation for a draft decision regarding the roster of experts, to be adopted by COP 3 and, in accordance with the division of labour with the SBI, keep the SBI informed about such recommendation.
Between 1915 and 2010 hours the client militia fired two 81-mm mortar shells and directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at Ayta al-Jabal and Haddatha from its positions at Shaqif al-Naml.
43. Drug control coordination in the member States of the Economic Cooperation Organization—Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, Turkey, Turkmenistan and Uzbekistan—will be enhanced through a newly adopted regional project.
(iii) Press release, 14 May 1998: “Fiftieth Year of ‘al-Naqba’”;
(a) Promote the development and increased use of renewable sources of energy;
RESERVOIRS OF GREENHOUSE GASES 33 - 74 14
In both cases, new realities (namely, the evolving nature of internal conflicts and the emergence of internally displaced persons, a problem bigger in scale than that of refugees) have, in recent years, called for further scrutiny of the underlying issues by the world community.
Further work required in this area over the next few months will continue to be performed by United Nations staff.
Focal points for issues concerning communication for development
It must be a cooperative resource that can be accessible to all appropriate organizations in Kazakhstan.
2. Regulation 3.11 provides, inter alia, that the medium-term plan shall be revised as necessary every two years to incorporate required programme changes and that the proposed revisions shall be as detailed as required to incorporate the programme implications of the resolutions and decisions adopted by the intergovernmental organs or international conferences since the adoption of the plan.
I should be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of the present letter distributed as an official document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.
Similarly, the number of engagements by department may exceed the baseline because some retirees have been employed in more than one department during the reporting period.
59. Incidents of xenophobia, anti-Semitism, racial discrimination and racial violence occurring in the State party as well as the dissemination of racist and xenophobic ideas also occasion concern.
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Monday, 10 November 1997
For purposes of comparison, the approved resources for the prior 12-month period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, amounting to $48,000,800 gross ($45,877,800 net), are shown in column 1.
It shall be distributed to the Parties at the same time as the invitation to the extraordinary session.
Over the course of the past year, the United Nations continued to provide electoral assistance and to assist in strengthening national institutions for better management of the electoral process.
(e) The lucrative business which the incitement of hatred and political, religious, ethnic or any other kind of rivalry represents for organizations which hire and supply mercenaries and for arms dealers and which fuels the prolongation of armed conflicts;
It was observed in this connection that if the mechanism was intended to intervene in conflicts at an early stage before they escalated, the mechanism should be permanent in nature.
Replace General Assembly resolutions 50/30 and 50/221 with 51/136 and 51/239 A and B
Provision is made for one rotation of 90 military observers at an average cost of $5,400 per person.
The recommendation states that each of these factors should not exceed 5 per cent, with the total not to exceed 10 per cent of the reimbursement rates established for major equipment and self-sustainment categories.
The Government and Parliament must finally decide to substantially lessen the tax burden.
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution con-tained no programme budget implications.
Dissemination of information on decolonization: resolution adopted by the Special Committee at its 1487th meeting, on 29 June 1998
2. In paragraph 3 of the same section of the resolution, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure selection of consultants on a more competitive basis and to keep the instances of recourse to sole candidates to a strict minimum, each such case being formally approved at an appropriate level of authority, on an exceptional basis, prior to engagement.
By means of an international convention, the proliferation of legal rules on the subject could be limited and as uniform a body of law as possible could be promoted.
39. The members of the Administrative Committee on Coordination wish to express their appreciation to the inspectors for highlighting the importance of effective coordination among organizations of the United Nations system involved in post-conflict peace-building, and the need for clear and strong leadership in this regard.
18. The ability to use monetary policy for domestic stabilization purposes is inseparable from the choice of exchange-rate regime.
It is a consortium of three foreign telecommunications companies plus Grameen Telecom of Bangladesh, a subsidiary of the well-known Grameen Bank.
The Board considered, however, that there was scope for further improvement.
3. Urge all States to ensure that torture is a crime in their domestic law, and to rigorously pursue perpetrators whenever the act is committed and bring them to justice;
B Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention 15 - 17 8
3. Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/53/SR.5).
The budget deficit in the first quarter of 1998 amounted to 31 per cent, compared to 55 per cent in the corresponding period in 1997 – but there was a primary surplus on the budget of LL 207 billion compared to a primary deficit of LL 318 billion one year earlier.
“Recalling its resolutions 1994/34 of 29 July 1994 and 1995/63 of 28 July 1995 and General Assembly resolutions 49/135 of 19 December 1994 and 50/128 of 20 December 1995,
The Office of the High Commissioner developed guidelines to assist such national efforts, the text of which was made available to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session (A/52/469/Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1).
I have the honour to draw to your attention the statement on the National Assembly elections in Nigeria issued on 5 May 1998 by the Presidency of the European Union.
The result was that, of the 905 claims, no payment orders were found for 785 of the names with a corresponding total value of US$314,256.
108. In his reform programme, the Secretary-General decided that all funds and programmes and United Nations information centres would be part of a single United Nations office under the resident coordinator, and that common premises of the United Nations at the country level would be named “United Nations House” (see A/51/950, actions 10 (b) and (c)).
Recalling that the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations of 21 March 1986 A/CONF.129/15.
The Advisory Committee emphasizes, however, that it is for each legislative body concerned to determine the reporting procedure for both external and internal oversight bodies.
Assistance for the rehabilitation and reconstruction of Liberia
Mr. Dragi Celevski, Director of the Directorate for Execution of Sanctions, Ministry of Justice
With the Digicash solution, the bank issues a serial number (encrypted code), which is equivalent to a digital signature, thereby offering immediacy of payment and privacy.
The UNCTAD secretariat has consulted experts at the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO) about ways to protect these expressions and logos.
The experts further agreed that it is essential to have trained and motivated staff to operate transit systems.
UN 1921 Add subsidiary risk “6.1” in column (b2).
Savings resulting from the improved overall cost-effectiveness achieved pursuant to the ninth session of the conference
Also, appropriate action was taken to ensure that CARICOM was regularly receiving United Nations documents and publications.
8. The Committee shall report regularly to the Conference of the Parties on its work, including at each of its sessions.
By decision 1998/261, the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/63, endorsed the Commission’s decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Myanmar for a further year and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session.
Implementation of the decision of the Commission to recast the entire budget of the Fund of UNDCP as a biennial support budget (management and administration and programme support) and a programme budget, together with the decision to implement the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) relating to the regularization of project posts at headquarters, has resulted in a budget presentation somewhat at variance with the outline.
263. The Secretary-General of the United Nations raised the matter again with the Foreign Minister of the Russian Federation during his visit in April 1998.
“11. At its 12th meeting, on 24 April, the Working Group considered and adopted by consensus its report on the item entitled ‘Establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned’.”
International Association of Dry Cargo Shipowners
At 0915 hours the South Lebanon Army fired two 120-mm mortar shells at Mazra'at Marus (east of Sfariyah) from its position on Rum hill, and the outlying areas of Jun (Shuf province) came under an Israeli artillery bombardment.
Through the United Nations Mine Action Service and the newly initiated coordination approach, the United Nations will continue to honour such requests.
(b) Alterations and renovations to premises
The General Assembly takes note with appreciation of the report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on the activities of the Advisory Committee during the fifty-second session of the General Assembly A/53/7. and requests the Secretary-General to bring the report to the attention of the executive heads of the specialized agencies of the United Nations and of the funds and programmes concerned.
Access to the Internet by the same community is also improving in many countries, as evidenced by the increasing number of Internet Service Providers (ISP) in the Asian, African and South American regions.
Cost per team site for only three sites for five months only.
The government study stated that 701 buildings had been completed by Palestinians in 1997 without licences from the Civil Administration.
item 3 Consideration of draft text of recommendations or conclusions (cont'd)
107. WFP projects have also tapped into the opportunities offered by the private sector (food purchases, warehousing, transport), local communities (community participation in food production), development actors (non-governmental organizations, religious and charitable institutions), private individuals and the Government.
(iii) The work in ICAO to maintain existing and develop further NOx emissions standards that minimize NOx emissions without compromising technological gains in fuel efficiency and CO2 reductions should continue;
The programme for drug law enforcement will be formulated for a four-year period.
348. The Committee endorsed recommendations 2, 10 and 16 of the Joint Inspection Unit.
Paper and plastic products, packing materials, camp stores, hoses, fittings; kitchen and catering supplies.
the Czech Republic, the Republic of Poland, the Republic of Romania, the Slovak Republic and the Republic of Slovenia in the framework of the Central European Free Trade Agreement (CEFTA), that was originally signed on 21 December 1992 and promulgated by Act No. XII of 1995.
These innovations are intended to improve the efficiency of the investigation of criminal acts, to facilitate their prosecution through the courts and to improve access to the justice system.
She was arrested under section 10(a) of the 1975 State Protection Act, but in April she was charged under the 1923 Official Secrets Act and sentenced to 25 years.
10. UNFPA should finalize and issue the draft guidelines on the selection and assessment of institutions for national project execution.
87. The Committee recalled that the General Assembly had adopted the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space, as contained in its resolution 47/68 of 14 December 1992.
2. Support to NGOs in connection with raising awareness on the occasion of World Day to Combat Desertification ($22,600).
More generally, as FDI is not an undifferentiated financial flow but investment in a sector-specific activity, policy makers have to ensure its consistency with national development strategies and social and environmental priorities.
Huang Yuefeng (China), Ministry of Foreign Trade and Economic Cooperation, Beijing
116. Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA, annual session [General Assembly resolutions 2029 (XX) and 48/162]
The first such audit, on the recruitment process, is described below.
Item 57. Oral reports by the Secretary-General on 26 and 29 June 1992 pursuant to Security Council resolution 758 (1992) (S/24201).
The Committee is also seriously concerned about the adequacy of safeguards for all children brought before the courts, required under article 40 of the Convention.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
The increase in the number of detainees and the availability of three court facilities will be addressed during the remainder of 1998 by short-term measures.
The Committee recalls its comments on the subject of obligations in document A/51/684/Add.1, paragraph 9.
Its mandate was completed with the appointment on 16 December 1994 of the new Government of Mozambique.
The Committee is concerned about the meagre information provided by the Government, both in its report and its oral presentation and in its responses to questions raised by the Committee, regarding the organization of “legitimate defence groups”, their official recognition, competence, supervision and training.
38. The Round Table identified policy changes that would facilitate partnerships involving a broad range of actors in civil society, as specified in the Programme of Action.
(a) The establishment of detailed organizational internal control structures for each governmental unit based on the standards presented in this document;
The centres relied heavily on the efforts of volunteers, who were responsible for planning and implementing activities. In the Gaza Strip, self-sustainability was promoted through a special organizational development unit, which provided intensified training and assistance to community centres.
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its considerations of agenda item 24.
19. Letter dated 11 March 1998 from the Deputy Permanent Representative of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/1998/223)
55. A sample gender action plan has been developed to illustrate different strategies that might be envisaged to improve the representation of women.
82. On 31 January, a 15-year-old yeshiva student from Jerusalem was stabbed in the back by an Arab woman while walking to the Western Wall.
It also exercises writ jurisdiction in the nature of habeas corpus, Certiorari, prohibition, mandamus and quo warranto.
This is particularly important as the budget for 1998-2000 would be taken up during October-December 1997.
1. As of early October, an estimated 81,500 refugees and displaced persons had returned to their homes in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
That document also referred to questions that had not been considered in detail in the past, for example, the availability of data and the desirable treatment of the cost of managerial and supervisory staff.
In view of the Convention's budgetary situation for 1998, voluntary contributions should be placed in the GM Special Account at IFAD (para. 47) along with allocations by COP
Sometimes, this activity is carried out in the context of a peacekeeping mission as part of international efforts to resolve a conflict situation.
As a measurable impact of the project, between 1993 and 1998, tax revenues on real estate increased by 34 per cent.
United Nations languages: Fluent in English.
33. The global advocacy priorities contained in the 1994 International Conference on Population and Development (ICPD) Programme of Action (e.g., the formation of attitudes and the establishment of policies and programmes that promote choice, access to reproductive health services, gender equity and environmental stewardship) receive major attention from the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
All the activities of enterprises which may give rise to a restriction of competition fall within the sphere of application of the ordinance, which is thus a broad one.
7. Requests the Secretary-General to further improve the planning and implementation mechanism in human resources management in a transparent manner and secure the independent and efficient work of the Secretariat pursuant to Articles 100 and 101 of the Charter of the United Nations and the relevant resolutions adopted by the General Assembly;
30.1 In order to fulfil their commitments under the Protocol, any two Parties, or a group of Parties, to the Protocol may jointly, on the territory of one or several Parties, undertake concrete projects aimed at limiting net anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases in any sector of the economy (joint implementation projects).
8. Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.
26. As part of UNIDIR’s mandate to assist in disarmament negotiations and provide information to the international community, the Institute is producing a handbook on arms control and disarmament terms.
What further affects countries in the entire world is the corruption, erosion of internal security, violence and economic and financial distortions associated with the production of and trafficking in drugs and with the legitimation of the proceeds of crime.
14. As indicated in the previous progress reports, Release 3 comprises finance and support services applications, and is by far the most extensive and complex of the system.
(b) Reduce their anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases by 20 per cent of their 1990 levels by 2005; and
The recorded expenditure pertains to the purchase of materials and supplies, including gravel, premixed concrete and other supplies, for the repair and maintenance of bridges along the main supply routes of the Mission.
Uruguay is party to the four Geneva Conventions of 1949 and their Additional Protocols of 1977.
8. Also at the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.45, as orally revised, without a vote (see para.10).
Electricity All utilities reflect current actual costs.
The two leaders agree in principle, from a humanitarian perspective, on implementing so-called free visits to the above-mentioned islands, which would be streamlined to the maximum extent possible, by Japanese nationals who are former residents of those islands or their family members.
National non-governmental organizations are in continued need of assistance in capacity-building, particularly basic training, logistics and material assistance.
Section 11. United Nations Environment Programme
26. In the past, troops have been provided to the Force by Denmark and Sweden.
32. The implementation of environmental management standards is rapidly growing.
The Committee is also concerned that the enjoyment by children of their right to participate actively in the promotion of their own rights does not seem to be guaranteed.
Between 1650 and 2110 hours the Lahad militia fired several 81-mm shells at the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah and at Wadi Bisri from its positions on Ali al-Tahir hill and Rum hill.
I should be grateful if you would have this letter and its annex circulated as an official document of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly, under item 35 of the preliminary list, and of the Security Council.
24. The Special Representative fully supported the concerns of the Government in this regard and he underlined again the usefulness of organizing a public workshop, as described above, immediately after the members of the National Commission have been chosen by the National Assembly.
An estimate of the effect of policies and measures on carbon dioxide emissions was provided by 13 of 17 reporting Parties (AUT, BEL, CAN, CHE, CZE, DEU, FIN, GBR, NLD, NZL, SLO, SWE, USA).
Between 2235 and 2300 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm mortar shells at Jabal al-Rafi` from their positions at Ksarat al-Urush and Bi'r Kilab.
They are seeking greater unity of purpose and coherence of action, and clear-cut, concrete results from its collective efforts.
— Salinization and deterioration of potential land and water resources.
The offices of President and Rapporteur shall normally be subject to rotation among the five regional groups.
The key issues facing a number of poor developing countries include shortages of resources: financial, material and human.
It has also initiated preparations for an international business summit at the senior executive level, which will explore the possibility of funding global drug-free workplace programmes.
Lester C. Thurow, a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT), says "No country that has experienced a military defeat or a revolution has probably ever had such a generalized increase in inequality as has occurred in the United States in the last two decades.
This is frequently the case for oranges and other citrus fruit, pineapples, apples, some stone fruit, grapes and tomatoes in the high season, as well as for tuna and sardines (for consumption).
Canada concurs that international attention needs to be brought to bear on the illicit arms trade.
In light of the above considerations, the Commission decided to convene an Expert Meeting on this topic.
22. The dramatic situation in Kosovo over the last months has led the international community to seek to increase its monitoring capability in the region, and the Milosevic- Holbrooke accord of 13 October 1998 provides a tentative basis for such an increase.
between the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (hereinafter called the Organization) for the one part
5. The United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East
There is infrastructure in place but equipment and resources for running costs are lacking.
(c) the estimated future cost of settlement;
There was also a common pattern that emerged in NGO activities at all levels in different regions, often consisting of many of the following features:
22. Because of the problems experienced in UNTAC, particularly in the liquidation phase, strenuous efforts have been made in subsequent missions to maintain accurate inventory records and computerize inventory-keeping.
As of 1998, it has a staff of six officers to cover all its legal and diplomatic needs.
9. In introducing the draft resolution, the representative of Uruguay orally revised it as follows:
The first training workshop was given at ESCAP in December 1997.
(Signed) John Bourn Comptroller and Auditor-General of the
Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/52/617) [87]
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
Targeted psychosocial support should also be offered to those vulnerable groups identified as requiring humanitarian assistance.
The Committee considered the item in closed session.
The Special Representative, together with many people in Rwanda, cannot but express his deep regret that an agreement on a new mandate for a human rights field presence could not be reached.
The planned and actual deployment of civilian police is shown in annex III to the present report, and the authorized strength, incumbency and vacancy rates are provided in annex IV.
A special thrust has been decentralization, helping countries to define the functions best carried out by subordinate tiers of government, and to create a clear framework of fiscal responsibilities and limits.
Legal and secretarial support for the Chambers is budgeted in 1999 under the provisions for the Chambers Legal Section of the Registry.
On behalf of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus, I wish to strongly protest against this new provocative act by Turkey, a Member State of the United Nations, against the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Cyprus.
At the same time, the Council stressed its established position affirming the sovereignty of the United Arab Emirates over the three islands and its unconditional support for all the peaceful measures it is taking to re-establish that sovereignty.
Their forum, which was also the eleventh meeting of the group, attracted the participation of 269 parliamentarians.
(e) Proclamation of an international year of mountains;
9. Endorses the request of the Committee on Conferences to the Secretariat that a report containing detailed data on the reasons for delays in the issuance of documentation and an analysis of the additional costs incurred by document-processing services and of other financial implications of the late submission and issuance of documents be presented to the Committee at its 1999 substantive session;
Particular attention should be paid to the right of children to prompt access to legal assistance and to a judicial review.
IV. USE OF THE REPORTING GUIDELINES 56 - 64 21
It was agreed that the legislative guide should be drafted in such a way that it would not appear to promote the use of private financing for infrastructure projects, but would draw the attention of those Governments which opted for such transactions to the underlying legislative issues.
10. With respect to the additional expenditure under commercial communications of $134,900 (ibid., annex II.B, para. 34), the Advisory Committee was informed that refunds from military contingents for personal calls will be shown, at the applicable rate, in the accounts for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
Contributions received from Governments since the establishment of the Trust Fund, as at 12 August 1998 (United States dollars)
68. The Year will be officially launched on 1 October 1998, the International Day of Older Persons, at United Nations Headquarters in New York by the Secretary-General at an event organized by the New York Non-governmental Organizations Committee on Ageing, in cooperation with the Department of Public Information and the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat.
2. In the report contained in document A/C.5/52/54/Rev.1, dated 10 July 1998, the Secretary-General referred to the request made by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997 for the expeditious phasing out of gratis personnel throughout the Secretariat.
In addition the Consortium member will submit a (sub-) project quarterly expenditure account.
CNES adopted a strong dynamic approach enabling its activity to be part of the world evolution within the space context.
Between 2200 and 2210 hours Israeli warplanes flew over the sea off Tyre at high altitudes.
Specific programme contribution for UNU/INTECH
The Committee is concerned about the new phenomena of homelessness and children living and/or working on the street.
∙ Review the status of action taken during the first stage with liquidation officers designated by the Personnel Management and Support Service and the Logistics and Communication Section
The results of the Special Rapporteur's consultations are summarized below, together with the overview of follow-up replies received during the period under review.
15 Texts of relevant extracts from the penal code and other legislation of the Russian Federation regarding terrorism are available in the Codification Division of the Office of Legal Affairs.
Question of resources for the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the human rights activities of the United Nations
Eleven reports were submitted prior to the adoption of the URF.
At 1325 hours the Lahad militia fired mortar shells at Mlita from Razlan hill and Sujud hill.
(d) Operative paragraph 9, which had read:
Provision of $111,300 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $229,000 for the subsequent period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 is based on the average annual cost of $40,000 applied to 1 per cent of the average monthly strength of military contingents and civilian police prorated for the respective budget periods.
In the Russian Federation, the Antimonopoly Committee has successfully argued for the suspension of proposed trade safeguard measures against imports of textiles and cash registers from the European Union.
27. At its 1484th meeting, on 6 February 1998, by adopting the suggestions relating to the organization of its work put forward by the Chairman (A/AC.109/L.1871), the Special Committee decided to maintain the arrangement it had at its previous session, by which its Subcommittee and its Working Group were replaced by an Open-ended Bureau.
77. Due to the financial and legal constraints of the Organization, however, NGO demands for prompt and comprehensive information cannot always be adequately satisfied.
They reaffirmed their support for the Secretary-General of the United Nations and expressed their profound gratitude to the Organization for its unflagging efforts to restore and strengthen peace in Africa and, in particular, in the central African subregion.
PRINCIPLE 21. JURISDICTION OF INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURTS
The Conference adopted a declaration in which the Governments of the three Baltic States agreed to prevent the use of their financial institutions for the laundering of criminal proceeds and to harmonize their national legislation against money-laundering.
Nevertheless, the fact that the State still does not have that capacity, since strengthening it is a gradual process to be carried out in the medium term, cannot justify the use of illegal practices.
He appealed for the procedures to be simplified.
In Bolivia, pilot agro-industrial enterprises and other assets were transferred to the beneficiaries.
SECRETARIAT-WIDE STAFFING REQUIREMENTS FROM THE CORE BUDGET
This is faster than both beef and pigmeat.
3. The General Assembly, acting on the recommendation of the Advisory Committee, by its resolution 52/8 C of 26 June 1998, appropriated an amount of $45,899,080 gross ($44,301,680 net) for the maintenance of the Mission for the period from 1 July to 31 October 1998, inclusive of an amount of $2,299,080 for the support account for peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.
69. There has been growing recognition of the need to link all aspects of external support for countries afflicted by conflict, whether political, humanitarian, developmental or human rights.
11. Election-related supplies and services
12. As indicated in table 1, from the appropriation of $28,318,900 gross ($27,080,900 net) for the maintenance of UNSMIH, UNTMIH and MIPONUH for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, expenditures amounted to $27,412,100 gross ($26,215,700 net), inclusive of $5,146,800 in unliquidated obligations.
The Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples, with the cooperation of the administering Powers, should:
7. Reiterates its support for further efforts of the Secretary-General for the organization and the supervision by the United Nations, in cooperation with the Organization of African Unity, of a referendum for self-determination of the people of Western Sahara that is impartial and free of all constraints, in conformity with Security Council resolutions 658 (1990) and 690 (1991), by which the Council approved the settlement plan for Western Sahara;
The UNESCO initiative of a culture of peace programme, which will be presented to the General Assembly of the United Nations at its fifty-third session, deserves the full support of the international community and is clearly congruent with the principles underpinning the OAS mission in defence of democracy, freedom and the preservation of peace in the hemisphere of the Americas.
The Preparatory Committee also noted with satisfaction that, in response to its request made at its 1997 session, the executive secretariat had prepared background papers (A/CONF.184/BP/1–12) covering the topics included in the provisional agenda for UNISPACE III.
IX. Signature of the status-of-mission agreement
43. A nuclear-weapon-free zone should promote international cooperation on peaceful uses of nuclear energy in the zone, so as to promote the socio-economic, scientific and technological development of States parties.
Non-governmental organizations had also been active and had formulated the Women and Development Action Plan.
The packing groups have the following meanings:
A special unit was set up in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs to inform the international community of the true course of events.
The office also chairs the Inter-Departmental Review Committee for the final review.
The plan provides, in particular in subprogramme three, a succinct statement of the areas for UNDCP activities to be undertaken with extrabudgetary resources.
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.30 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.
UNITAR has also developed a training programme on the London Guidelines, including toxic chemicals and pollutant release transfer register.
Some of these can only be overcome in the long term.
13. Former staff members of the United Nations or of another organization of the common system who have separated from service at or after the age of 55 will only be engaged in accordance with existing policies concerning the use of retirees.
With regard to paragraph 9 (a) of the conclusions, it was his country’s understanding that the reference to the Expert Meeting on Competition Law and Policy was a reference to the Intergovernmental Group of Experts that had existed before UNCTAD IX and not to one of the expert meetings which were referred to in “A Partnership for Growth and Development” and which lasted for only a few days each.
Expenditures for programme cooperation during the present biennium totalled $1,659,934,000, or $151,988,000 lower than that for the biennium 1994–1995.
2. Endorses and supports Mongolia’s good-neighbourly and balanced relationship with its neighbours as an important element of strengthening regional peace, security and stability;
Indonesian banks were required to repay all past-due debts during June 1998 (estimated to amount to $4.5 billion).
Note by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in the Sudan (A/53/504)
54. The Korean approach to solving the short-term debt crisis followed the approach taken during the 1980s crisis.
I should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly.
Traditionally such agreements were one—way - as in licensing agreements or franchising.
The COP may wish to establish a Committee of the Whole at its opening plenary and to designate its Chair.
The Department of Management pointed out that “the demanding and increasingly complex area of risk management and commercial insurance has been handled by a very small office, with other major responsibilities”.
6. In the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the Board’s previous recommendation concerning cash assistance to Governments as programme expenditure at the time funds are advanced was not implemented in the preparation of the 1996–1997 financial statements.
The recruitment and placement process must provide career growth and development for serving staff at all levels, bring needed skills into the Organization, and make significant progress on geographical and gender representation.
In addition, rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly states:
It expresses appreciation for the wide dissemination of the initial report of Israel among professionals in the justice system who work directly in matters relating to the promotion and protection of human rights and among non—governmental organizations.
It further recommends that the Convention be incorporated in the training provided to law enforcement officials, judicial personnel, teachers, social workers, caregivers and medical personnel.
Taking note of the report of the Director-General contained in document GC.7/10,
Methodological issues related to inventories of greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions are discussed in the annex to this document, which also contains some suggestions aimed at further improving development and reporting of national GHG inventories.
The clashes occurred when scores of Palestinian farmers and employees of the PA Ministry of Agriculture gathered at the Jiftlik agricultural station in order to prevent a group of settlers, backed by the Israeli army, from taking over the experimental station.
The experience of other countries also influenced the decision on the implementation of the programmes.
It is reviewing its relevance and appropriateness, together with ways of improving compliance with requirements.
13. The conclusions and any recommendations of the committee will be sent to the Party, or Parties, concerned for its, or their, consideration.
That approach forms the basis for interaction with non-governmental organizations.
39. The Government has chosen the round table mechanism, with the support of UNDP, to strengthen the dialogue on policies and strategies with its development partners and promote the mobilization of external resources.
Part Three provides concluding remarks on IFAD's capacity and support for housing the GM.
49. The first returns under the new programme took place under the auspices of UNHCR and ODPR on 30 July 1998, when 26 Croatian Serbs returned to Croatia from the FRY.
Therefore, adequate air support would be essential for the fulfilment of the Mission’s mandate.
The idea is to invite officials who are working in aid—granting authorities, i.e. not officials of monitoring authorities, who receive technical assistance under other programmes.
It was essential that those States wishing to remain on the Committee, such as his own, could continue to make their contributions.
The major items are $47,680,000 in interest on funds held in interest-bearing deposits and in current accounts with banks and $12,604,000 in adjustments of payable related to the prior period’s budget.
(ii) A single veto will not prevent action on a proposal that has achieved the required majority;
It has done this in defiance of international agreements which specifically ban and provide sanctions against any State which uses these weapons, particularly against civilians.
22. The parties had reached a legal impasse when the Field Administration and Logistics Division referred the issue of termination benefits to the General Legal Division of the Office of Legal Affairs in October 1995.
Turkey's supposed concern about regional stability will be judged by its response to President Clerides's genuine proposal, which safeguards the interests of all sides.
It is therefore proposed that it be pursued in the broader perspective of the contractual arrangements which would underpin a dual-track system of career and non-career appointments.
(c) To encourage those countries which have still not done so to ratify or accede to the Convention and to engage in regional processes;
Between 2040 and 2105 hours the client militia fired five directly targeted shells in the direction of Jabal Bir al-Zahr from its position on Zwaya hill.
Noting and reaffirming the importance of the 1951 Convention United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545.
(c) Category C, relating to claims by individuals for losses up to $100,000;
The Administrative Committee on Coordination is taking steps to translate agreed policy measures into activities of the United Nations system, especially at the country level.
Article 20: Interpretation of the Charter
However, significant economic and social progress depends principally upon meaningful advancement in the Israeli-Palestinian track of the peace process.
The Committee is also concerned at the discrimination faced by Bedouins, many of whom have expressed a desire to continue to live in settlements in the Negev which are not recognized by the Israeli Government and which are not provided with basic infrastructure and essential services.
Furthermore, he indicated that he would strengthen the political element of UNOMIG by deploying a few additional officers specialized in political, civil and legal affairs.
Advanced unedited copy of the report of the Secretary-General on “Sustainable development and international economic cooperation: Renewal of the dialogue on strengthening inter- national economic cooperation for development through partner- ship” is available outside of room S-2994. MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES
Moreover, in 1998, with Chile’s stock market and currency heavily impacted by the economic fallout of the Asian crisis, the policy was substantially eased so as to be less of a barrier to capital inflows.
19. The Organization has put in place a range of development programmes for staff at all levels aimed at supporting the implementation of effective principles of performance management and building the requisite skills, such as work planning, team building, providing feedback, coaching and appraising staff.
Today, the reality is that we are holding just 17 Ethiopians on grounds of national security, having individually investigated them.
16. Djibouti has initiated a demobilization programme with assistance from France and the European Union (EU).
V. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 16 June 1993 to 31 December 1997
283. In reviewing the data related to the recruitment of women, the Commission noted that over the last four years, the recruitment of women system-wide was 30.8 per cent in geographical posts and 38.9 per cent in non-geographical posts.
Letter dated 12 March 1998 from the Permanent Observer
Welcomes the report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on the Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda A/53/367. and the report of the Special Representative of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Rwanda A/53/402. and refers also to the relevant reports of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women and the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on the independence of judges and lawyers;
2. To this end, the Review Group will review and analyse:
Shovel stretcher Respiration bag, including mask set
Progressive development of the law of international trade: thirtieth annual report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law [7 (b)]
35. Also requests the Secretary-General, when filling posts of translators and interpreters, irrespective of the proposed contractual status of candidates, to take duly into account their professional qualifications, including pre-job training and experience in order to maintain at all times the highest possible quality in the interpretation and translation services, and to ensure equal treatment of language units of the Secretariat;
3. At its 2nd meeting, on 17 September 1998, the First Committee decided to hold a general debate on all disarmament and international security items allocated to it, namely, items 63 to 79, which was held at the 3rd to 12th meetings, from 12 to 16 and from 19 to 21 October (see A/C.1/53/PV.3–12).
– Most States have indicated that they would prefer the use of the veto to be restricted to Chapter VII;
I should be grateful if the text of the present letter and its annex, which contains a letter dated 30 July 1998 from His Excellency Mr. Rauf R. Denktaş, President of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, to His Excellency Mr. Ernesto Samper, the then-President of Colombia, in his capacity as Chairman of the Movement of Non-Aligned Countries, would be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 61, and of the Security Council.
In this project, WFP wheat is provided to selected urban bakeries through an implementing partner to bake bread and sell it to targeted beneficiaries at a subsidized price.
At elementary and preparatory schools in all five fields, standardized tests in basic subjects were administered for grades 4 to 9 at the end of the first and second semesters of the 1997/1998 school year with the aim of encouraging teachers to improve performance and identifying pupils in need of special attention.
The meeting was structured around four distinct round tables on (a) El Niño activities in Latin America; (b) World Bank efforts in response to El Niño; (c) health issues and El Niño: a perspective from the Pan-American Health Organization (PAHO); and (d) looking towards the future: how to improve long-term forecasting and how to integrate forecasting into development strategies.
UNDP will make the best arrangement possible to ensure that the Global Mechanism is strongly buttressed, supported particularly by UNSO, but also drawing support from the UNDP/GEF Unit and the Division for Resource Mobilization.
20. During his visit, the Special Rapporteur noted that the situation in Cibitoke had considerably improved over the past six months, thus enabling relief organizations to provide assistance to the refugees in a relatively efficient and unhindered manner.
Under the plan, IDF troop redeployment would take place within five months and be contingent on the Authority’s agreeing to suspend a third redeployment until the conclusion of the final status talks.
Educational sciences Faculty pre-servicec
105. In view of the disturbing increase in threats against individuals working for the promotion and protection of human rights, the Mission makes a special appeal to the authorities to guarantee full compliance with the commitment to take special measures to protect such persons, particularly in view of the forthcoming publication of the final report of the Commission to Clarify Past Human Rights Violations and Acts of Violence That Have Caused the Guatemalan Population to Suffer.
17. The permanent secretariat shall prepare, in addition, a synthesis of the reports setting out the trends emerging in the implementation of the Convention.
“6. Also stresses the importance of the open high-level dialogue between the Economic and Social Council and the Bretton Woods institutions, and invites the Secretary-General to consider the possibility of convening the high-level dialogue in 1999 immediately before the spring meeting between the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund;
It was applied to both shops and private residences and amounted to 270 new shekels per square metre.
Thus, with the exception of the prices of tropical beverages, in particular coffee and tea, the prices of the other commodities either declined or rose only marginally.
Letter dated 6 November 1998 from President René Préval addressed to the Secretary-General
Many of these vessels are without nationality.
3. In 1997–1998, the Economic and Social Council selected the following nine countries to serve on the Committee for a period of three years beginning in January 1998: Cape Verde, El Salvador, Grenada, Guatemala, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Lesotho, Netherlands, Romania and Thailand.
(e) Ensure that prospective bidders have sufficient time to respond (para. 94);
10. At the 8th meeting, on 14 May, the Council held a panel discussion on integrated and coordinated follow-up to major United Nations conferences and summits by the United Nations and the specialized agencies.
Two consultants, sponsored by MICIVIH at the request of the Ministry of Justice, reviewed the pilot prosecution case-tracking system.
Letter dated 13 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative
The present report includes information on 18 Parties that submitted their second national communication by 15 August 1997 (15 Annex II Parties, two Parties with economies in transition and Monaco) accounting for 59 per cent of total 1990 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from Annex I Parties.
28. It might seem impossible to promote a democratic society without taking into consideration its fundamental elements, namely the citizen and the various groups, trade unions, clubs and political parties, as it is within these associations that the individual is able effectively to develop his abilities and defend or put forward his views on the affairs of society and its problems.
(d) Monitor the political effects of the agreed activities and keep under review, in consultation with the concerned programmes, funds and agencies, any adjustments that might be necessary.
A The third session of the Conference of the Parties 42 - 44 15
1. Collection, control, disposal and destruction of arms, especially small arms and light weapons
Involvement of the private sector in financing United Nations operational activities
Countries may also wish to agree, in accordance with national legislation, to represent or act on behalf or for the benefit of the requesting State in legal proceedings necessary to secure such orders.”
6. At its organizational meeting, on 8 May 1998, the Committee, on the proposal of the representative of Austria, decided to include in its agenda for consideration during the first part of its thirty-eighth session the item entitled “Improving the working methods and procedures of the Committee for Programme and Coordination within the framework of its mandate”.
Action on draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.10/Rev.1.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention [4]
36 work-months of consultancy (at $8,000 per month) and 24 work-months of temporary assistance (at $6,000 per month) in support of capacity-building, the development of indicators and prototype mechanisms and the preparation of guidelines, manuals and information materials (in support of activities (c), (f), (g), and (h) under para. 72).
The existence of common historical, political, economic and cultural and humanitarian links with countries which in the past formed a single whole necessitates the maintenance and development of relations through bilateral and multilateral cooperation.
The Commission on Human Rights in its resolution 1998/76 welcomed measures taken by Governments to eliminate the exploitation of child labour and the efforts of the Committee on the Rights of the Child in the area of child labour.
Those developments, combined with the increase in heroin trafficking along new and ever-changing routes, have led to further escalation and regionalization of the drug problem.
70. Pursuant to paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 52/1 of 15 October 1997, an amount of $248,900, representing the ad hoc prorated share of MINURSO in the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base, was provided during the reporting period.
6.18 The estimated requirements of $226,600 relate to the external printing costs of two volumes of the United Nations Juridical Yearbook, two volumes of the Legislative Series, and one volume of the United Nations Reports of International Arbitral Awards.
Total resources (including costs of work years )
(i) Isolation of Jerusalem from surrounding areas;
Some areas in the economic and social development sphere seemed to have suffered more than other areas of the budget.
MIPONUH United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti
Beyond this threshold, the Competition Commission studies the situation in the market concerned and expresses its opinion to the minister, who may:
Targeted learning and development programmes are being made available to staff at all levels throughout the Secretariat.
52. In many parts of the world, neighbours function as an important extension of families.
Distributive effects of changing production patterns and external and domestic adjustments
In an attempt to capture these considerations, tariff escalation is frequently measured in terms of Effective Rates of Protection (ERP).
VI. Commission on Population and Development and the special session
1. The following States members of UNCTAD, members of the Commission, were represented at the session:
The unutilized balance of $94,200 was due to the repatriation of military observers in connection with the transition from UNAVEM III to MONUA.
The remaining reports are presented below in the order they were requested by the Assembly.
OIOS had previously recommended that special emergency rules and procedures should be developed to meet the operational needs of the Department of Humanitarian Affairs and the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
The agreement would then be implemented on receipt of the first instalment of costs due;
Adopted at the nineteenth session of the Supreme Council of the Gulf Cooperation Council
25. The restructuring of staffing requirements for UNPREDEP also includes the upgrading of the post of Chief Finance Officer to the P-4 level.
Treasurer, West Indian Students Union, London, United Kingdom, 1956-1957; First Vice-President, 1957-1958.
Of course, the most important incentive is the removal of disincentives and other impediments to inward investment.
It is our hope that you will continue to support Israel in this regard.
Low-temperature performance shall be taken into account when appropriate.
No. 37 The Enhanced Review Process: Towards 2000, 115 p.
There is a need to resume as soon as possible the work of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) mission in Kosovo, since the Parliament of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia has confirmed in its decision its readiness to facilitate the work of the mission in implementation of the Security Council resolution.
(d) In the first half of 1999 nine Parties: Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia, Ukraine Entry into force on 11 August 1997; first communication to be received and reviewed.
(f) To involve, among others, public opinion leaders, educators, religious leaders, chiefs, traditional leaders, medical practitioners, women’s health and family planning organizations and the media in publicity campaigns, with a view to promoting a collective and individual awareness of the human rights of women and girls and of how harmful traditional or customary practices violate those rights;
The Committee is concerned that there is no recognition in law of the right to use local languages in official communications or administrative or court proceedings, and that religious minorities can be adversely affected by a range of discretionary administrative actions which can include the destruction of schools and educational facilities under town planning regulations.
This was particularly visible during the election campaign.
(h) To assist Governments in their efforts in water-related and geologic natural disaster reduction through promotion of prevention and preparedness measures, including risk analysis, structural and non-structural measures, and hazard monitoring.
(c) Acquisition of documents and publications
H. E. Mr. Fidel V. Ramos, President of the Republic of the Philippines, will deliver UNFPA’s Seventh Rafael M. Salas Memorial Lecture, on the theme “It Can Be Done ... Population Management through People Empowerment and Consensus-Building”, on Wednesday, 26 November 1997, at 11 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
Concurrently, the Division has reorganized itself internally so that primary flight certification responsibility rests with the Air Operations Unit instead of its Finance Management and Support Service.
28.8 More specifically, the objectives of the subprogramme are:
22. At its 161st session, held at Cairo on 16 September 1997, the Inter-Parliamentary Council adopted, without a vote, a comprehensive resolution on the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Two examples of such measures are the signing of a resettlement, reintegration and basic infrastructure project for uprooted population groups financed by the Governments of Denmark, Japan and Sweden and a project for such groups administered by the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), approved by CTEAR and implemented by the National Peace Fund.
In this connection, the Committee recommends that the Standard Ratios and Standard Cost Manual be reviewed and updated periodically in the light of past performance.
International cooperation aimed at the reduction of prison overcrowding and the promotion of alternative sentencing
148. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced programme 27 and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.
Tabular data for the period from 1 January 1996 to 31 December 1997 are contained in the annex to the present report.
As to the possibility of assigning the Council a coordinating role for the global commons, some delegations were of the view that careful consideration needed to be given in order to determine whether there was a need for a coordinating body, in particular in view of the fact that such a body might duplicate work carried out by numerous institutional arrangements set up to deal with those areas.
The Board is concerned, however, that the ICSC secretariat did not undertake the biennial reviews as requested by the General Assembly.
Services: Plans to rehabilitate and upgrade basic services, including social and cultural, health and medical, police and security, emergency and civil defence, and traffic control and logistics services;
On the other hand, experts from developing countries pointed out that there had been low participation of these countries relative to the very large number of ISO meetings held.
DRAFTING GROUP ON PREVENTIVE DIPLOMACY AND PEACE MAKING
92. Paragraph 15.12 was welcomed, in particular as regards the sharing of experiences among member countries of the region.
The Special Representative encourages partners of Rwanda to provide Rwandan human rights groups and organizations with financial support and technical assistance.
The overall social situation of the country is precarious, due to the limitations of the education and training system, inadequate health facilities, and limited natural resources.
This will allow the sharing of information among partners and meaningful analyses to
“8. Decides that the practice of reproducing statements in extenso as separate documents shall be discontinued for all its subsidiary organs that are entitled to summary records;
The Committee also recommends that the State party consider the establishment of an independent body for monitoring the implementation of the Convention.
The process would also involve the systematic analysis of “best practices”, including through exchanges of experiences.
14. Since 1983, the Committee on Conferences has studied a series of reports containing the meeting statistics and, in more recent years, the documentation statistics, of a core sample of United Nations organs in New York, Geneva and Vienna.
(d) the lowest set pressure of the pressure limiting device(s).
Integration of the economies in transition into the world economy
When a specific portable tank instruction is specified in Column 10 for a specific dangerous goods entry additional portable tanks which possess higher test pressures, greater wall thicknesses, more stringent bottom opening and pressure relief device arrangements may be used.
Leaders of the Olengankoy and Ngoma opposition.
Preambular paragraph 9 of draft resolution A/C.1/52/L. 28/Rev.1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 141 to 1, with 4 abstentions.
7. The unencumbered balance was partially offset by additional requirements for miscellaneous equipment for use by the Buildings Management Unit and for spare parts for sundry equipment ($107,200).
1996/49 Integration of key minerals issues into the implementation of Agenda 21
73. The Chairman of the Commission on the Limits of the Continental Shelf had addressed a letter (SPLOS/28) covering issues that the Commission wished the Meeting of States Parties to consider (see paras. 57–64 and 67–68).
In the absence of the proposal, the approval of the local and the Headquarters Committee on Contracts was not possible and, by the end of the biennium 1996-1997, the budgeted allotment of $407,600 for construction costs had not been utilized.
Attention to social justice is vital if development and economic growth are to produce positive results and if society is to develop in a balanced way.
Mr. Abílio Araújo, Timor Foundation for Reconciliation & Development
18. As part of these coordination mechanisms, a database should be developed and a level 1 survey (followed by a level 2 survey) should be undertaken at the earliest possible opportunity.
(d) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the review of outsourcing practices in the United Nations (A/51/804);
Mr. André Erdösa b (Chairman of the 30th and 31st sessions)
(g) A consultant should be selected as the most competent person for the work from as wide a number of nationalities as possible, from a roster of qualified male and female candidates.
TD/B/COM.1/9 Linkage with financial mechanisms
2. The demographic and decremental actuarial assumptions used were those adopted by the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board at its 180th meeting, in 1997, except that future new entrants were not taken into account and no future salary growth was assumed.
Young people face the challenges of injustice and exclusion resulting mainly from the enormous inequities in income, wealth and power dominating today's world.
68. The intense efforts by the United Nations system as a whole to assist Africa in realizing its economic and social objectives have been a particular focus of Africa Recovery.
6.6.5.3.4.5.3 Where a large packagings undergoes a drop test the sample passes the test if the entire contents are retained even if the closure is no longer sift-proof.
The Commonwealth also seeks to contribute effectively towards a global culture of peace which would be sustainable for all its members and partners in the international community.
54. The reporting on programme performance in the biennium 1996-1997 has to be seen in the context of the constraints resulting from financial uncertainties, the reduction in resources called for by the General Assembly in its resolution 50/214, the need to address new mandates and the challenging requirements of delivery while simultaneously reforming the structures and the methods of work.
In July, the Economist magazine described the narcotics crisis facing the Islamic Republic of Iran in terms of the struggle to control the entry of narcotics from Afghanistan and Pakistan.
43. The Special Rapporteur believes that unlawful activities in which a Power which contracts for, prepares and finances a wrongful act against another country uses nationality to disguise the mercenary nature of the act must be analysed and debated with a view to revising current international provisions on the subject.
On that basis, the net unencumbered balance for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounts to $3,564,300 gross ($1,999,400 net).
402. With regard to the implementation of article 4 of the Convention, the Committee notes with concern the inadequacy of measures taken to ensure the implementation of children's economic, social and cultural rights to the maximum extent of available resources.
The detailed identification of initiatives to improve productivity requires a thorough review of activities by programme managers and their staff, including ensuring that as many ideas as possible are captured, and that staff participate fully in the reform process.
The previously used special service agreement will be discontinued.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the draft guiding principles for international negotiations (A/53/332 and Add.1);
Improvements in health, education, nutrition, and the equity of land ownership can enable individuals to participate more fully and more productively in the economy.
From there it passes to Ma’ale Adumim, with its industrial zone, also scheduled to expand greatly, and another large residential area projected at Tibek Kuteif, on the heights above the Jordan Valley.
18. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples (P.18).
53. In a further communication to the Secretary-General dated 16 September 1998, the Humane Society indicated that, following its numerous sea and harbour observations conducted in the Mediterranean during June 1998, it was able to confirm that illegal drift-nets had been used in 1998 and had also been kept on board by Italian fishing vessels.
Any Annex [I][ _ ] Party liable on a claim made pursuant to this Article shall have a claim for contribution against another Annex [I][ _ ] Party for the portion of the liability that is attributable to the performance or attempted performance by such other Annex I[ _ ] Party of its commitments referred to in paragraph 152.2.
The Commission expressed concern over the continuing deterioration in the living conditions of Palestine refugees in all the fields of UNRWA operations, and hoped that additional contributions to UNRWA would ease the situation.
The second United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II)
Although the AGBM has not yet reached agreement on the form of the legal instrument to be adopted by the COP at its third session, the structure of the consolidated negotiating text is based on that of a protocol, in line with the thrust of deliberations in the Group to date.
5. UNITAR cooperates with several national, regional and international institutes for the design and conduct of its projects.
Travel 10.9 17.1 (1.1) (6.4) 16.0 1.0 17.0
This offset the unutilized balance that should have been realized from the average vacancy rate of 8.4 per cent during this period.
1. Experts from the following States members of UNCTAD attended the meeting:
9 Human Rights Law Journal, vol. 18, No. 1-4, 1997, p. 36.
His Holiness Pope John Paul II expressly condemned this policy during his visit to Cuba in January 1998, describing it as immoral and ethically unacceptable.
Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Age (over 18 in Croatia for methadone, and over 21 in Switzerland for heroin); admission as patients of State clinics (Latvia); voluntary request and informed consent; body fluids checked for other substance and to control abstinence (Austria, Denmark and Mexico); deposition of driving licence and access to criminal records (Switzerland).
The restrictions relating to land in the West Bank, the Gaza Strip and East Jerusalem are of the following nature.
36. Statistical Commission, thirtieth session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 8 (I), 8 (II) and 1566 (L)]
These excesses must be condemned publicly and unequivocally.
The UNDP assistance in that area will focus on raising the capacity, at the international level, of institutions of higher education with regard to the post-graduate training of professionals, managers, instructors and students in information technology.
The Committee was informed, upon inquiry, that the vacancy rate for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 was 26 per cent for international staff and 15 per cent for local staff.
As agreed in 1995 by the States parties to the Non-Proliferation Treaty, negotiations on such a convention should commence immediately.
36. At the International Labour Conference in June 1996, the Committee on the Application of Standards noted the persistent failure of Myanmar to implement the Convention.
60. After the draft resolution was adopted, the representative of the Russian Federation made a statement.
“The Commission shall submit to the General Assembly an annual report which shall include: the background to the matter being recommended; the decisions and recommendations of the Commission and the reasons therefor; whether or not the decisions and recommendations were reached by consensus; and the positions adopted by the staff representatives and CCAQ, where they differ from the conclusions of the Commission.
The Committee raised doubts whether such expertise could be obtained on a short-term basis from funding for general temporary assistance; no information was provided as to how these resources would be assigned in 1998.
Thus, the viability of the Institute has basically depended on a United Nations grant and extrabudgetary contributions from the United States of America.
Table 2 Total losses, by category of property
Some Palestinians have been held in administrative detention for several years.
6. The current mandate of UNMOT, as expanded by the Security Council in its resolution 1138 (1997), is as follows:
Cooperate in developing and delivering an international public education and awareness campaign on climate change.
6.6.3.2.9 Portable tanks and their fastenings shall, under the maximum permissible load, be capable of absorbing the following separately applied static forces:
Return and reintegration of displaced persons
Vacancies rates of the established regular budget Professional posts for subprogrammes on statistics, transport and communications and least developed, landlocked and island developing countries were over 30 per cent throughout the biennium.
The related expenditures amount to $1,159,000 gross and net, resulting in an unencumbered balance of $38,100 gross ($26,800 net).
Although a fairly clear picture was emerging, some sensitive issues still needed to be debated, including the Global Mechanism, the programme of work, and the Secretariat's budget.
For the reasons indicated in paragraph 10 above, no expenditures against those contributions have been authorized thus far.
To implement these performance objectives, a trust fund has been set up to jump-start child rights and youth programmes in various operations, with the aim of strategically reorienting programming for children and adolescents.
The Secretary-General shall not have the right to vote.
The decision would be binding on the countries and on the intergovernmental organization mentioned in the annex.
"Emission intensity of exports" means the ratio of emissions generated domestically by the export sector with the total value of exported goods and services, for the agreed reference period.
While acknowledging the security concerns that have led to restrictions on movement, the Committee notes with regret the continued impediments imposed on movement, which affect mostly Palestinians travelling in and between East Jerusalem, the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and which have grave consequences affecting nearly all areas of Palestinian life.
Furthermore, the Board is pleased to note that, since the Board’s report on the biennium 1994–1995, the Programme has received audit reports covering some 83 per cent of the $6.1 million expenditure incurred in 1994–1995, which had not been received at the time of the Board’s last report.
The meeting was attended by representatives of the WHO offices in Djibouti, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Somalia and Uganda, and by representatives of UNICEF, Addis Ababa University and Handicap International.
In addition to the tragic costs in human terms, the burden on already overstretched health and social facilities has been immense.
22. Until such time as a new recruitment and placement system can be put in place and staff and managers are fully trained to implement it, the Secretariat continues to modify the existing recruitment and placement procedures.
Reliance on this delivery system is reinforced by decisions to decentralize the management of health systems to the most basic effective level.
Long-term strategic budgeting of WMO has been supported by the establishment of an internal audit function, a centralized support staff pilot project, which has resulted in greater flexibility in the use of staff resources and savings, the establishment of an office automation system and a revised Performance Appraisal System.
That assistance had been provided on an ad hoc basis to SHC families experiencing distress as a result of emergency situations, such as fire, flooding, death or incapacity of heads of households or income-earners.
38. The full amount allocated was transferred to the support account for peacekeeping operations.
The Committee expresses its strong opinion that a human rights mission in Rwanda must be established as a matter of urgency and calls on the State party and the United Nations to initiate a new round of discussions to ensure an international monitoring presence in the country.
Consequently, as a transitional measure, the Unit has further decided to extend its current 1997–1998 programme of work (A/52/267) through 31 December 1998.
Principle 13: Measures for the preservation of archives
(h) Appointment of a member of the Joint Inspection Unit;
Thus, the Division would have eight teams in the revised 1998 budget, as compared to six teams in the initial 1998 budget and nine teams requested in the revised estimates.
Family care and formal care are often mediated by community care, combining health and social services.
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations
(a) Working Group l: reversing the trend of amphetamine-type stimulant abuse becoming a part of mainstream consumer culture;
Equality of rights, opportunities and access to resources between men and women are fundamental requirements.
The workload of the Members of the Court and of the staff, in real terms, has thus relentlessly increased.
On this basis, the provisions above are clarified as follows:
Beneficiary countries are invited, in accordance with their national policies, to consider placing high priority on trade and investment activities in their country and regional programmes, including those supported by UNDP and other donors.
(i) United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (resolution 52/236);
The reproduction and distribution functions will be streamlined as print runs are reduced with widespread access to electronic documents stored on optical disk and an expanded capacity for printing on demand.
[2. Decides that the process of consideration shall:
Recommendation of the credentials committee
. As follow-up to a memorandum of understanding signed by UNDCP and OAU in 1994, UNDCP assisted the OAU secretariat in the preparation of the Plan of Action for Drug Control in Africa.
Nonetheless, they would certainly help in bringing greater visibility to critical issues, as they reflected the widespread view of the international community that such activities were contrary to existing and evolving concepts and practices relating to sustainable fisheries management.
2. Encourages all parties concerned to continue their efforts to resolve the problems addressed in section IV of its resolution 51/217, in particular those within the framework of the proposed agreement and its accompanying protocol;
(a) Consideration of a treaty on trade and navigation under the terms provided for in article 6 of the Rio de Janeiro Protocol;
At the same time, it was recognized that the RDMHQ must be considered in the context of a complete review of DPKO staffing requirements and proposals for support account funding for many of the posts now filled by loaned officers.
In line with this, UNICEF will use 1 April as the basis of currency adjustment in its normal submission of the biennial support budget for approval by the Executive Board in September of the second year of the biennium.
110. United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board - Committee of Actuaries [General Assembly resolution 1561 (XV), article XXIX]
It extends the scope of the offence in article 7, paragraph 1 (a), of the latter Convention in two ways: it is applicable not only to nuclear material, but, based on practical cases that have occurred in the past in Europe, also to other hazardous radioactive substances such as caesium-131, cobalt-60 or strontium-90.
Item 113: Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999;
6.6.5.2.3 Large packagings of fibreboard shall be conditioned for at least 24 hours in an atmosphere having a controlled temperature and relative humidity (r.h).
The actual average cost of fuel was $0.77 per litre, whereas the provision had been based on a fuel cost of $0.55 per litre.
The Federal Government confirms also on this occasion its readiness to cooperate with the international community on the basis of full equality, with respect for the legitimate interests, sovereignty, territorial integrity and the constitutional and legal system of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in accordance with the international legal system.
“(a) To strengthen the operational outreach of ECA at the country and subregional levels; to increase the leverage of the Commission’s resources; and to ensure harmony between subregional and regional programme operations and those defined by the strategic directions of the Commission;
In addition, as explained in paragraph 51, to reflect the diversity of societies, disaggregation of human settlements data by age and gender is essential, and special and continuous attention must be given to information on disadvantaged and vulnerable groups, by location.
Maori have the option of enroling on either the Maori electoral roll or the general roll.
At the same time, there was universal recognition that the initial financial crisis has developed wide-ranging economic and social dimensions.
This is the outcome of the entire course of Kyrgyzstan's historical development as an independent State and of the fact that our country pursues a peace-loving foreign policy and builds its relations with the outside world on the basis of the universally accepted principles and norms of international law.
Several experts emphasized the connection between the Committee’s work and that of the Special Rapporteur and looked forward to further cooperation.
The representative of the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights read the presentation of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan, Mr. Ch.H. Paik.
$250 per landing for 15 landings per month.
Biodiversity, a positive environmental externality, is non-rival, as its positive outcome for one individual is not altered by the entry of another individual in the area. , there is a need not only to conserve environmental values of a global nature, but also to internalize positive environmental externalities which have the potential to bring both environmental and economic gains.
Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations
79. When civil war erupted in Brazzaville in early June, 70,000 Congolese fled to Kinshasa.
The operational requirements for UNMOP were set out in the report of the Secretary-General of 13 December 1995 (S/1995/1028 and Add.1).
A wide-ranging agricultural development programme to accompany the above measure was announced in July 1997.
5. Requests the Interim Secretariat, in consultation with the ad hoc panel once constituted, to continue such informal process for the purpose of reviewing the methodology for impact indicators contained in ICCD/COP(1)/CST/3/Add.1, and for the purpose of determining how the methodology could be carried out and whether it could be recommended for use to the Conference of the Parties;
The General Assembly could assess the current use and availability of methods to identify illicit crops and the use of environmentally safe and effective methods to eradicate them.
The session was part of a process which, over the past 10 years, has led to increased recognition by the international community of illicit drug abuse and trafficking as one of the major threats to public safety and national security.
Since adoption of the CCD in 1994, UNDP has further emphasized desertification control and drought mitigation as important corporate concerns.
3. The Secretary-General convened a third high-level meeting between the United Nations and regional organizations at United Nations Headquarters in New York on 28 and 29 July 1998.
Bearing in mind the bilateral agreements that have been reached on questions relating to the legal status of the Caspian Sea,
9. Matters related to intergovernmental, non-governmental, governmental and other organizations (GC.1/Dec.41)
In this configuration the sensing molecules, most often enzymes, are immobilized on the tip of the probe or held in place by a membrane.
It was in bridging the gap between ratification and implementation that the Committee’s work was crucial and the success of the Convention would be determined.
56. In view of the foregoing, the Mission makes the following recommendations: (a) speed up the modernization of the Ministry of Education with a view to decentralizing its services; (b) expand the coverage and funding of PRONADE and add a bilingual and intercultural component; (c) give more decisive support to DIGEBI; (d) give priority to and speed up the implementation of the civic education programme; and (e) increase funding for CONALFA.
(iii) To use in subparagraph (c) the words “a mortgage or an 'hypothèque' or registrable charge of the same nature” from Article 1 (1); it should also be considered whether the term “registrable” was the correct term to use in this context;
We conducted our audit in accordance with the Common Auditing Standards of the Panel of External Auditors of the United Nations, specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency.
Furthermore, given the increasingly global nature of the market for many goods and services, international cooperation to ensure competition was important, and it was necessary to give due consideration to competition issues in any international discussion on an investment framework.
This is not the case for equipment stored in Brindisi;
(vi) Advise on the structure, membership and maintenance of the roster of independent experts bearing in mind the recognition in the Convention of local knowledge and expertise.
In addition, I have the honour to present the report of the Board of Auditors with respect to the above accounts.
(e) There must be international and regional registers for missing children, containing all the pertinent information for identification;
– Environmental and natural resources management
The GM policies, operational modalities and activities shall be reviewed by COP 3 in relation to its mandate (Article21.4) and taking into account provisions of Article 7 (priority to Africa).
Organizations within the United Nations system and international organizations having permanent observer status with the General Assembly or the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space
(b) Thorough investigation of the information and security services with a view to redefining their functions;
This concern heightens the importance of ensuring a rational allocation of resources between humanitarian relief and development assistance.
The final expenditure disclosed that the assumptions for both the reduction of allotment under staff assessment and the increase under peacekeeping operations and special missions were inaccurate, as more than 76 per cent of the enhanced provision for peacekeeping operations and special missions had to be transferred later to staff assessment.
They entered into force on 23 March 1976.
39. The Commission also adopted a plan of action against racism that proposes concerted action at the European level to alert public opinion to the dangers of racism and put forward solutions.
Several experts stated that violence against women was often linked to religious extremism, which was also sometimes invoked as an excuse for discrimination.
Three new objectives have been added for supply reduction emanating from the special session, and the activities under the other two objectives expanded.
In the first quarter of 1997, UNU/IIST organized a series of weekly computer science seminars involving seven UNU/IIST staff.
The programme support accounts exist so that the United Nations regular budget does not have to cover undue direct and indirect costs of the various extrabudgetary activities.
As a first step, and in order to open the way for a comprehensive discussion of the problems, the Education Agreement signed in 1996 between President Slobodan Milosevic and Professor Ibrahim Rugova, which provides for ethnic Albanian students and teachers to return to educational premises, should immediately be implemented.
Reaching out to Governments and to the civil society to make global solidarity a concrete reality is the first priority of my next mandate.
I have the honour to bring to your attention the statement issued on 17 July 1998 by the President of the European Union on the report of the United Nations inquiry into human rights violations in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (the former Zaire).
6. Several experts observed that bilateral investment treaties typically address the same topics in much the same terms, though there are important differences among them.
* Will be available at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 4.
At 0545 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew Nabatiyah.
2. Designation of intergovernmental bodies for the purposes of rule 76 of the rules of procedure of the Board . 58
(d) To assess the amount of $9,454,900 gross ($9,011,800 net) for the maintenance of UNOMSIL for the period from 14 January to 30 June 1999, at the monthly rate of $1,688,375 gross ($1,609,250 net), subject to the decision of the Security Council on the extension of the mandate of UNOMSIL beyond 13 January 1999.
I am glad to report that we are working closely with the substantive departments concerned to ensure that these landmark events are recognized around the world.
With the help of the Office of the Spokesman, media representatives have accompanied the Secretary-General on many of his important missions, and the results are there to see in the news headlines.
1995/29 Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women
The SBSTA noted the important need to ensure the participation of experts from Parties, in particular non-Annex I Parties, bearing in mind the need for relevant regional balance and examples given in Article 4.8 of the Convention.
69. Philippines: Assistance is required in drafting comprehensive legislation on consumer protection and competition.
The large packagings shall be loaded to twice its maximum permissible gross mass.
More carefully planned and evaluated interventions had been initiated and needed further promotion.
These special financial years or mandate periods are used both for the presentation of information and for accounting purposes.
Spouses are entitled to the same type of pass.
Adoption of a protocol or another legal instrument: fulfilment of the Berlin Mandate.
5. The Special Committee considered the question of East Timor at its 1488th to 1491st meetings, from 30 June to 2 July 1998.
The Meeting of the Parties entrusts a study on anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases, other than CO2 not controlled by the Montreal Protocol, to the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) provided for in Article 9 of the Convention.
Indeed, these principles would seem to argue for giving some "no regrets" options high priority in the present Russian Federation.
Mr. El Hadji Malick Sow, President of the Tribunal Department at Dakar
Baltic and International Maritime Council XVIII
The activities in relation to drug abuse trends outlined in subparagraph 13.9 (a) have been expanded to include work on indicators for measuring the drug problem and research on patterns and trends in drug abuse.
The Administration took action to correct the general ledger and ensure that proper budgetary control is maintained.
The Union therefore provides support for a wide range of projects and programmes in those fields throughout the world.
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4 Report of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice on the work of its fifth session, Bonn, 25-28 February 1997.
Statements were made by the representatives of Israel, Senegal (Chairman of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People), Jordan, Egypt, the United Arab Emirates, India, Indonesia, Algeria, Bangladesh, Guyana, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union and of Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Hungary, Iceland, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia), Colombia, Malaysia and Ukraine.
Building on the experience of the round table held at COP 2, the round table at COP 3 could break into two or three dialogue groups on broad policy issues related to the Convention.
– Japan’s assistance to date through international organizations such as the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Relief and Works Agency in the Near East has amounted to approximately $268 million.
5. The second type of reform is more fundamental and may involve the transformation of the health-care sector.
At the enterprise level, investment in hardware and software and training are required to enable especially smaller firms to upgrade their information technology capacity and to ensure that they are visible in new databases.
The Working Group recommended that the working paper of Mrs. Erica-Irene Daes be transmitted to Governments, intergovernmental organizations and indigenous organizations, together with a request for their comments prior to its fifteenth session.
The Board also endorsed the use of this figure.
Item 127: Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Peace Forces headquarters;
The other policy area of significant concern relates to the poor coordination of the activities of all the operators in the transit transport sector.
D. United Nations programmes, funds and specialized agencies
Recalling its resolution 47/62 of 11 December 1992,
Therefore, the role of the Legal Subcommittee should be strengthened.
10. Globalization was providing new market opportunities, and there were many dynamic product markets within the commodity sector.
The Committee notes that the text in paragraph 10 of document A/53/271 supersedes the text in document A/C.5/52/46.
Denmark seeks compensation in the amount of DKr 389,485 for the lost or damaged furniture, equipment and car.
The Headquarters payroll is also being upgraded (see annex I, paras. 37 and 54).
Mr. Chairman, I would now like to share with you some thoughts about the resources needed to carry out this vast and complex programme of work.
UNRWA was the largest United Nations operation in the Middle East, employing some 22,000 persons and operating or supporting some 900 facilities.
(b) To reduce its anthropogenic emissions of CO2 over the period from [2000+x] to [2000+x+[5]] at an average yearly level of not less than q per cent below the level of the year 1990.
Intersessional open-ended discussion group to study applicable measures to expedite timely payment of assessed contributions.
In this connection, it was decided that technical assistance from FAO would be required to this end.
Item 143: Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations:
(i) United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation;
Enterprises had yet to grasp the opportunities that the Uruguay Round might create, and many enterprises, especially SMEs, had already been eliminated by foreign competition.
and Protection of Minorities, concerning human rights
Of the appropriation of $61,300 granted by the General Assembly under staff assessment, the expenditures incurred for the period from 1 January to 12 July 1998 amounted to $70,500.
United Nations system support is mainly provided for capacity development and has targeted issues and areas, which are at the basis of successful and sustainable development in the longer term.
66. In Croatia in 1995 and 1996, there were 580 victims of mines, 102 of whom were children.
(b) Official declarations rehabilitating victims;
(c) To coordinate and work with other offices in studies and research in the field of oceanography and marine resources;
In order to produce reliable data in support of law enforcement, judicial and health institutions, national laboratories must have adequately equipped facilities, trained staff and access to sources of scientific reference material and information.
At its fifth session, the SBSTA took note of activities undertaken by the secretariat to prepare reports on topics, such as adaptation technologies, the terms of transfer of technology and know-how and technology information centers.
The liberalization of telecommunications in Europe with effect from 1 January 1998 has led traditional operators to refocus on their activities.
They recognize the need to strengthen the atmosphere of trust and mutual understanding between the peoples of Central Asia and oppose any manifestations of ethnic intolerance, political and religious extremism, or interference in each other's internal affairs.
International Standards Organisation (ISO) (1996).
(l) Produce a disruptive electromagnetic pulse;
Recalling further its decision 48/475 A of 23 December 1993 on the financing of the Observer Mission and its subsequent resolutions and decisions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/236 of 13 June 1997,
A manual containing provisional guidelines for public information components in peacekeeping and other field missions has been finalized and is being published as part of the training handbook series produced by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the Secretariat.
UNMIBH's satellite network is ex-UNPROFOR/UNPF.
The opening of the new regional office in South Africa will facilitate the implementation of the programme.
Our country is deeply convinced that along the entire length of the modern-day Great Silk Road, no serious problems or contradictions of an antagonistic nature are to be found between the countries falling within its orbit.
In this context, it has launched massive investment programmes to upgrade and modernize public hospitals and medical schools.
(vii) Preparation of reports to ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
The current number of troops is not certain.
There will be a meeting of the co-sponsors of draft resolution A/C.4/52/L.4 today, 21 October 1997, at 2.30 p.m. in Conference Room B.
These reconciling items were in respect of deposits of $68,723 and bank charges and withdrawals of $36,459 recorded by the banks but which were not reflected in the Fund's accounts.
164. The Committee is seriously concerned at the various forms of violence against women that exist in Nigeria and the absence of laws, programmes and policies to address this serious problem.
Out of 25 activities, 2 were reported mutually agreed, 4 were in progress, and 19 were completed.
Yet, it is not a smooth, painless process.
15. Greater use of treatment and alternative sentences for minor offenders would ease the burden placed upon the criminal justice system and possibly result in more effective administration of justice and allow often scarce resources to be devoted to preventing and controlling major drug trafficking.
In December 1997, the extensions service was made of 183 support structures and 2,556 extension workers and directly covered 450,000 farmers (43 per cent of them female).
51. Department for Policy Coordination and Sustainable Development (DPCSD).
In welcoming the participants, he observed that during its third session the AG13 had identified issues of concern around a number of themes, recognizing that there were a number of points of convergence and divergence.
- The “APEC Competition Law and Policy Seminar” (Bangkok, 18—21 March 1997) conducted by senior officials for competition authorities in member economies of APEC, as well as representatives from OECD and UNCTAD;
Concern is also expressed at the status and situation of children belonging to ethnic and religious minority groups, the girl child and children living in rural and remote areas.
In industrialized countries, where United Nations information centres are the main United Nations presence, a case-by-case review would envisage enhanced partnerships with members of the United Nations system and with United Nations-oriented groups such as United Nations associations, depending on their capacity.
Furthermore, the strengthening of social protection in the region is also an important long-term need.
Delegations are kindly requested to submit names, indicating the specific panel for which they are being proposed, to the Division for the Advancement of Women (DC2-1216), no later than Friday, 31 October 1997.
Sustainable management and use of natural resources
38. Several delegations suggested the expansion of the Bureau of the Special Committee in order to open the Bureau to participation by more countries, including major and consistent contributors of troops to peacekeeping operations, so as to reflect the nearly threefold increase in the Committee’s membership and to allow for more equitable geographical representation in the Bureau.
133. A prototype instrument that employs ribotyping is already on the market.
The course was based on the series of 13 manuals/handbooks in the Training for Elected Leadership Series, which were subsequently translated, adapted and published by the non-governmental organization partners within the region in Russian, Lithuanian and Slovak.
Along that line, the Plan of Action stipulates that mainstreaming the gender perspective has to permeate all ECE activities and all principal subsidiary bodies will therefore take this into account when they prepare, adopt and implement their programme of work.”
77. The handling of the two court cases against H.R.H. Prince Norodom Ranariddh and his co-defendants in March 1998 naturally attracted particular attention.
The national programme of activities devoted to the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights provides for the following:
Minister of Agriculture and Water Economics
The “no-special-fee” system is defined as a charging system where the cost of reception, handling and disposal of ship-generated wastes originating from the normal operation of the ship is included in the harbour fee or otherwise charged to the ship irrespective of whether wastes are delivered.
Preparatory Committee, first substantive session
8. The Centre provided institutional and substantive support to some United Nations missions in Togo, in particular to the representative of the United Nations Secretary-General at the fourth Extraordinary Session of the Authority of Heads of State and Government of the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), held at Lomé on 16 and 17 December 1997.
RESOURCE REQUIREMENTS FOR THE TRUST FUND FOR SUPPLEMENTARY ACTIVITIESExcludes bilateral funding arrangements.
8. The Sixth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
This is particularly true in an organizational setting where appointment and promotion opportunities are few.
WORKING GROUP ON THE QUESTION OF IMPLEMENTATION OF CHARTER PROVISIONS RELATING TO THIRD STATES
Relief assistance provided by WFP to OAU member States exceeded $403 million in 1997, reaching more than 15 million victims of natural and man-made disasters.
In this regard, the United Nations, through all its relevant organs, must strive to genuinely uphold its permanent responsibility towards the question of Palestine until it is solved in all its aspects.
The Committee expressed appreciation to COSPAR and IAF for their support of the work of the Subcommittee.
63. The issues of overlap and duplication in the work of the Organization have been highlighted in earlier reports on programme performance.
WFP World Food Programme 1. Commission on Human Rights resolution 1994/87 made provision for the appointment of a Special Rapporteur to report on the situation of human rights in Zaire, now the Democratic Republic of the Congo. His mandate was renewed by resolutions 1995/69, 1996/77, 1997/58 and 1998/61, after the Commission had considered his reports E/CN.4/1995/67, E/CN.4/1996/66, E/CN.4/1997/6 and Add.1 and 2, and E/CN.4/1998/65.
Notification thereof shall be sent to the competent authority of the country of destination.
1. The Government of the Sudan pursues a policy that respects and takes for its model the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations and, in particular, the principle of the sovereign equality of States and non-interference in the internal affairs of others.
38. Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea (A/AC.252/1998/WP.37)
Information products of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library
1. The President of the Azerbaijani Republic, Mr. Heydar Aliyev, the President of Georgia, Mr. Eduard Shevardnadze and the President of the Republic of Turkey, Mr. Süleyman Demirel, met in the city of Trabzon, Turkey, on 26 April 1998 on the occasion of the ground-breaking ceremony of the Deriner Dam, and considered the further enhancement of friendship, cooperation and good-neighbourliness among the three countries.
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Thursday, 23 October 1997
(c) The Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights was established by the Economic and Social Council in its resolution 1985/17 of 28 May 1985 and is composed of 18 experts, acting in their personal capacity, who are nominated by the States parties to the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights and elected by the Council for a term of four years.
The provision under 5.6 (a) should be changed from “programme elements and outputs included in the previous budgetary period” to “recurrent outputs”.
67. Regarding whether the interpretation of the terms “States” and “coastal States” included a State which was not a party to the Convention, the Commission took note of the recommendation by the Meeting of States Parties and decided to request a legal opinion from the United Nations Legal Counsel only if the actual need arose.
90. The Board noted that the ICSC secretariat applies predetermined percentages to the base salary, instead of the net remuneration (i.e. the sum of the net base salary and the post adjustment).
As regards industrial products, major developing-country suppliers increasingly lose GSP cover for "peak-tariff" products as a result of country-product and full country graduations.
The contract shall provide for the work to start once sufficient funds for the completion of the work have been received in accordance with the decision of the Conference of the Parties for the amount specified in the proposal.
Action on all draft resolutions submitted under agenda items 62 to 83 (A/C.1/52/INF.1)
I. Matters brought to the attention of States parties
The President further announced that the lists of speakers for the items contained in document A/INF/52/3/Add.2 were open.
Increasing the level of awareness of the public is designed to stimulate action to ensure a safe and healthy environment.
Conditions in Cyprus require constant vigilance and frequent intercession with the two sides.
The good offices functions of the Organization will, as before, continue to be carried out by the United Nations Secretariat in coordination with UNDP.
1 Legal Consequences for States of the Continued Presence of South Africa in Namibia (South West Africa) notwithstanding Security Council resolution 276 (1970), Advisory Opinion, ICJ Reports 1971, p. 16. Annex XIII
The Russian Federation and the United States will work together to resolve the global climate problem, to preserve the ozone layer, to conserve biodiversity and to ensure the sustainable management of forests and other natural resources.
VII. Food and Agricultural Organization of the United Nations
These often require immediate and ongoing attention at Headquarters;
27. WFP’s support to the project is the provision of food commodities such as hot, balanced meals for the pupils and staff members of educational institutions.
413. The Committee recommends that strong action be taken against persons who commit violence against women, and that it should be made easier for women to bring court action against offenders.
In a submission, dated 15 October 1997, the State party provided information in respect of case No. 512/1992 (Pinto).
The Committee recommends that in the context of the budget submission for 1998-1999, the Executive Director reappraise those functions carried out at headquarters, which are financed by the Fund of UNDCP, and make proposals for redeployment of resources from headquarters to the field.
It would also free the Fund secretariat from the onerous task of verifying that widows or widowers have not in fact remarried.
Drawdowns from the working capital reserve shall be restored from contributions as soon as possible.
Kuwait to the United Nations addressed to the President of the
27. At its substantive session of 1996, the Committee requested its Chairman to consult on its behalf with the chairmen of bodies that had consistently utilized less than the applicable benchmark figure (80 per cent) of their allocated resources for the past three sessions, with a view to making appropriate recommendations in order to achieve the optimum utilization of conference-servicing resources.
3. The revisions proposed below modify the narrative of programme 7, Economic and social information and policy analysis, of the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, which was adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/219 of 18 December 1996 and issued in document A/51/6/Rev.1 and Corr.1.
11. Election–related supplies and services
The Assembly also decided on the appointment of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic as a member of the Committee, with immediate effect, to fill the vacancy left by the German Democratic Republic.
251. The representative of the United Nations stated that MSA was a daily allowance payable by the organization for living expenses incurred by staff members in the field in connection with their assignment to a special mission.
He underlined the usefulness of the technical paper series on issues relevant to international investment agreements, which was being prepared by the UNCTAD secretariat.
Land-locked and Transit Developing Countries
The Committee encourages the State party to undertake to prevent and combat the phenomenon of children working and/or living on the street by, inter alia, engaging in research and collection of data, promoting integration and vocational training programmes, and guaranteeing equal access to health and social services.
If not distributed, the President, in briefing the membership, should provide information about the main elements of such draft resolutions, presidential statements or other documents under consideration by the Council;
Some sources report that Sandline International remains in Sierra Leone and is in charge of eliminating resistance by the rebels of the Revolutionary United Front in the north and east of the country.
The centres played an important role in community life and in many areas were the only ones of their kind.
The Commission noted with pleasure the new actions of States after 30 May 1997 (date of the conclusion of the thirtieth session of the Commission) regarding the following instruments:
One committee will negotiate with a view to reaching agreement on effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons; the other will negotiate a treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear explosive devices.
Participants in the consultation, held in Geneva in November 1997, established a number of groups tasked with the elaboration of general principles to underpin operational collaboration with NGOs, updating guidelines to Resident Coordinators in this field and undertaking a system-wide survey of experiences and best practices in NGO capacity-building.
Palestinian police prevented the demonstrators from marching through Bethlehem and confronting IDF soldiers at Rachel’s Tomb.
Underlining the importance of systematic data collection to determine the extent and nature of the problem of trafficking in women and girls,
In accordance with INCD decision 10/8, taken at the tenth session of the INCD, the Secretariat updated its work on identifying other bodies performing work similar to that envisaged for the CST (document ICCD/COP(1)/CST/4).
Access to information has become an established right for societies.
C. Meeting aid targets and improving aid coordination
The issue of documentation was also raised in connection with the rules, and it was proposed that a provision requesting the Secretariat to send to the experts all available documents well in advance of the session (at least three weeks before) should be included in the guidelines.
To enable the Secretariat units to complete the work within the deadline stipulated in paragraph 59 (b) of the report of the Secretary-General (A/52/317 and Corr.1), similar funding should be made available early in 1999.
In Bangladesh, efforts are under way by the Government, assisted by the World Bank, to examine the reforms needed for the integration and delivery of primary health care services.
These moves towards an electronic United Nations will be expanded in the future.
The Committee stresses that the independence of the judiciary and the legal profession is essential for a sound administration of justice and for the maintenance of democracy and the rule of law.
The scheduling of meetings during COP 3 is based on the availability of conference servicing facilities during normal working hours, evenings and weekends.
Realism in Cyprus starts with the recognition of the fact that the independence and the sovereignty of Cyprus were entrusted in 1960 to the Turkish Cypriot people and the Greek Cypriot people as the two founding partners of the "Republic of Cyprus", with equal political status.
The Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East, at its thirty-second Session, adopted the recommendations presented below, which were drawn up by its working groups on the issues covered in their deliberations.
15. These gross indicators, however, cannot lead to any specific conclusions regarding the real effect of settlements on agricultural employment or production, or land under cultivation.
19. The financial operations of UNICEF for the biennium 1996–1997 ended with a shortfall of income over expenditure of $14.6 million compared with a shortfall of $5.4 million declared in the previous biennium.
- Adoption of the Technical Cooperation Strategy of UNCTAD
Some of those positive statements were made also by countries that have not yet approved a country strategy note or decided not to pursue it.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
The comparator’s citizens were at political risk because of their association with programmes that were unique to the comparator.
The Government noted that its call for a genuine, unconditional political dialogue has not so far been responded to by representatives of the political parties of the Albanian national minority.
For others, the process was moving too quickly, and the Islamic nature of the society was in jeopardy.
2.30 p.m.- ANNOUNCEMENTS Copies of the advanced unedited version of the “Report of the Secretary-General on Observance of the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty (1996) and Recommendations for the Rest of the Decade”, submitted under General Assembly agenda item 97 (f), are now available for delegations (outside of room S-2994).
2.[ The commitments under this Article for each Party included in Annex I are those inscribed in Attachment 1.
If the Base premises had not been made available rent-free by the Government of Italy, the United Nations would have been unable to achieve savings in procurement costs from 1994 to 1997 without renting comparable warehousing facilities on the commercial market to handle liquidating missions’ surplus assets, for a probable aggregate total period of 18 months.
(e) Women and drug abuse: the gender dimension;
18. It was explained that existing international legal instruments were not sufficiently broad, either in their scope or in terms of the measures they provided, to counteract possible threats of nuclear terrorism and that the draft convention was intended to fill the gaps left by those instruments.
As at the end of the biennium 1996-1997, the United Nations General Fund had borrowed $58 million from the peacekeeping reserve fund and another $120 million from peacekeeping funds relating to three missions;
The report in question also refers to the methods of torture, which, along with medical neglect, have led to the deaths of five detainees.
11. Deeply deplores the killing of humanitarian aid workers, as reported by the Secretary-General; A/53/563, para. 6.
1. Previous recommendations not fully implemented 9 - 10 18
At that time, the Board of Governors also approved an amendment to the articles of the Fund to enable a one-time “equity allocation” of a special form of Fund-created liquidity, called “special drawing rights” (SDRs).
178. The Committee recalled the agreement in paragraph 160 of the report of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee on the work of its thirty-fourth session (A/AC.105/672), in which the exact schedule of work of the Committee and its subsidiary bodies in 1999 would be confirmed by the Committee at its forty-first session, in 1998.
(3) Call for the immediate end of propaganda aimed at inciting racial hatred against Eritreans and instead call for the Ethiopian Government to make public statements calling for calmness and respect for Eritreans resident in Ethiopia and Ethiopian citizens of Eritrean origin;
5. The transport facilities of the oil refinery belonging to Sudanese private company Concorp were hampered.
83. The Special Committee also continued its review of the list of Territories to which the Declaration is applicable.
1. Takes note of the synthesis report on activities implemented jointly (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 and Corr.1 and 2, and Add.1);
Malta continues to view the parliamentary process as a means of bringing the Euro-Mediterranean partnership closer to its people, thus enhancing understanding and tolerance in the region.
A monthly provision of $10,000 is made to cover courier services, bank charges, funeral services and other miscellaneous services not included elsewhere.
The representative of the United States made a statement in explanation of vote before the vote.
4. Next round of place-to-place cost-of-living surveys: report of the twenty-second session of the Advisory Committee on Post Adjustment Questions.
There are already a number of mechanisms collecting and disseminating information in the broad field of international cooperation for development and environment protection.
4. The objectives of the principles developed in the present paper are threefold and complementary, that is:
Concerted action on the part of enterprises may take the form of a contract or written agreements.
(b) The international meeting concerning impunity for perpetrators of gross human rights violations, held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, by the International Commission of Jurists (ICJ) and the National Advisory Committee on Human Rights (CNCDH—France) from 2 to 5 November 1992 (the records of the meeting were published by ICJ under the title Non à l'impunité, oui à la justice, Geneva, 1993);
A total of 1,000 loads (1 load = a 120-ft container of 15 tons maximum) of United Nations-owned equipment will be transported to the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, 500 loads to Rijeka, 250 loads to Sarajevo and 100 loads to eastern missions.
In the past decade, African exports have fallen while those from Asia have increased by about 30 per cent.
1. The Committee for Programme and Coordination held its organizational meeting (1st meeting) at United Nations Headquarters on 8 May 1998 and the first part of its thirty-eighth session at United Nations Headquarters from 1 to 26 June 1998.
The Commission therefore considered whether it was necessary to conduct annual updates in view of the time and resources required.
The lessons learned have been incorporated into the synthesis report and a set of guidelines for use by the United Nations resident coordinators have been prepared.
4. There are a number of other investment-related issues that bilateral investment treaties do not always cover, but which may need to be addressed although, in the view of some experts, not necessarily by bilateral investment treaties.
(d) Willingness to promote the peace and/or democratization process, particularly with regard to the observance of constitutional guarantees and human rights.
A meeting between the Secretariats of the United Nations system and OAU was held in Addis Ababa from 6 to 8 May 1998 to review the implementation of programmes of cooperation and to agree on follow-up action.
Reservations prevent the Committee from assessing the progress of States parties’ implementation of the Convention, limit its mandate and potentially affect the entire human rights regime.
Finally, the Assembly voted by an overwhelming majority to continue its support for the Division for Palestinian Rights of the Secretariat as well as the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People.
In that connection, key issues identified in document TD/B/COM.3/2, such as an enabling macroeconomic environment for enterprise development, required further elaboration.
With regard to the latter proposal (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.28), he emphasized that ICRC, while welcoming the incorporation of a provision of the type proposed, would only make the visits it contemplated under certain conditions.
In the various regions, particularly Africa and Asia, considerable efforts have been made in recent years to develop and rehabilitate the road infrastructure, largely with the support of the donor community.
17. The total income of UNDCP declined from $130.6 million in 1994–1995 to $103.3 million in 1996–1997, a fall of 21 per cent.
The Committee also suggests that the State party undertake a study on the impact on children and their families of the economic reform process that has been ongoing for the last several years in terms of its impact on government budgetary resources available for support services, as well as on the impact of unemployment and changed conditions of employment on children, young persons and their families.
85. During the past year, the United Nations assisted some 100 countries with the preparation, formulation or implementation of national anti-poverty programmes.
The budgeted amount of $25,900 includes $5,760 for a trip by two persons to the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, Vienna, $2,740 for a trip by two persons to the Council of Europe, Strasbourg, $3,930 for one trip by two persons to the European Union, Brussels, and $13,470 for retained accommodation during travel between Zagreb and Vukovar.
Apportionment: $67,618,200; expenditure: $70,914,300; variance: ($3,296,100)
The objective of the studies and consultations was to examine critically the efficiency of non-formal credit organizations in providing credit to the rural poor, for microfinance activities, and to suggest policy alternatives for reaching the large numbers of credit-needy rural poor households within the next decade.
The Council elected Uganda for a 3-year term beginning on 1 January 1998.
In 1997, the additional costs incurred in this area alone amounted to over $21 million.
When the amount or timing of the expenditure that will be incurred to settle the liability is uncertain, "environmental liabilities" are referred to in some countries as "provisions for environmental liabilities".
Such actors encompassed a broader range than the media as such and included parents and professionals working with and for children.
C. Income distribution, minorities and indigenous peoples
The need to read resolutions in a comprehensive way was emphasized and the Secretariat was requested to ensure a more objective and transparent rendering of those resolutions.
41. Since the causes of conflict are usually regional or local, I believe that regional organizations are particularly well suited to play an important role in early warning and preventive diplomacy.
And, of course, the bilateral agreements are by definition more specific than the negotiations that are taking place in OECD, or the discussions that are going to take place in WTO.
Although some positive steps have been taken by the Ministers of the Interior and Justice, the military hierarchy and the police to address blatant instances of torture, sustained efforts are needed to effectively protect persons in detention from being tortured.
12. Although discussions regarding the status of the United Nations Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda did not come directly within the mandate of the Special Representative, he was concerned by developments which could put into question the presence of the Operation.
What is included as an environmental cost will require judgment.
During 1996, the Organization employed some 2,675 consultants at a cost of $19.4 million.
122. On 22 November, a Palestinian resident of Bethlehem was shot dead by border policemen at the Gilo roadblock near Bethlehem (see list).
The surplus of $417.3 million under the regular valuation as at 31 December 1997 represented only 1.0 per cent of the projected liabilities of the Fund.
(c) Letter dated 2 February 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Japan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the report of the Tokyo International Conference on Preventive Strategy, held at Tokyo from 13 to 15 January 1998 (A/53/63-S/1998/100);
Of this unencumbered balance, the Committee has concurred in the utilization of an amount of $1,199,200 gross for completion of the liquidation tasks.
(i) Implementation of the commitments and policies agreed upon in the Declaration on International Economic Cooperation, in particular the Revitalization of the Economic Growth and Development of the Developing Countries;
7. The difficulties facing the people of the Semipalatinsk test site territory are complex and interrelated.
Latin American Faculty of Social Sciences (Council decision 239 (LXII))
63. As a consequence of UNCTAD’s responsibility as Task Manager for Trade and Environment for the UN system as a whole, joint work is also carried out with UNEP.
As per requirements of those standards, statement I reflects income and expenditures and changes in reserves and fund balances for all peacekeeping operations; statement II reflects assets, liabilities and reserves and fund balances for all peacekeeping operations; and statement III reflects cash flow for all peacekeeping operations;
375. The Committee, while noting with satisfaction that the Constitution of Gabon establishes that all acts of racial discrimination are punishable by law, expresses its concern at the lack of information on the implementation of article 4 of the Convention, especially on how this principle is reflected in other domestic legislation (for example, the Penal Code) and applied by judges, lawyers and civil servants.
Cooperation with ITU will continue, in particular in preparation for the UNCTAD expert meeting on telecommunications and trade to be held in September 1997 in combination with the ITU Telecom-Interactive meeting.
Arab countries programme for industrial development including technical assistance to the Palestinian people.
The absence of reliable baseline data and of targets from the project documents precluded evaluators from providing quantitative and qualitative assessments of project results, as shown below.
In this regard, in the 5 July 1998 edition of Fileleftheros, it is reported that the Greek Defence Minister, Mr. Tsohatzopoulos, will be visiting South Cyprus on 20 July 1998 and will be bringing with him the message that Greece will extend substantial financial support for joint short-term military projects in South Cyprus.
Yet, the international community seemed ill-equipped to fully harness that tremendous potential.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations (A/53/282);
Article 219 of the same law requires that the Supreme Court judge deal with a case within three months after receiving the file and documents from the clerk’s office.
The Prosecutor has appealed the decision to reject.
It recommends that urgent steps be taken, by way of education, encouragement and legal means, to reduce or eliminate these inequalities.
The Bureau of the Commission on the Status of Women invites delegations to propose names for panelists to participate in the forty-second session of the Commission (2-13 March 1998).
The country programme strategy has been agreed upon with the Government, with finalization and approval expected in May, and submission to the Executive Board of UNICEF in September 1998.
(b) To continue to accord priority to the right to development and provide commensurate support in terms of staff, services and resources for its programmatic follow-up;
Chief Palestinian negotiator Nabil Sha’ath accused Israel of deception, of “concocting a ploy to make sure that it would not have to implement anything at all”.
On 17 June, under the control of the land-based monitoring and control station, the satellite was successfully positioned at 105 degrees east longitude over the equator.
3. The period under review saw a very high volume of activity resulting from the transfer, by air, road and sea, of items of both expendable and non-expendable equipment to the Base for safekeeping, reconditioning and reintroduction to service.
C. Income distribution at the national level
12. The following States Members of the United Nations were represented by observers:
Given the continued instability in the country and the likelihood that MIPONUH will face difficulties in its work, the Mission will continue to require substantial support from the Division in the year to come.
In addition, there have been murders, kidnappings, intimidation attacks and arsons throughout the period of the “ceasefires”.
10. The developments of the past year in Guatemala have also been reported in my report of 31 August 1998 to the General Assembly on the situation in Central America (A/53/315).
(d) Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction;
“(b) Definition of basic notions related to information security, including unauthorized interference with or misuse of information and telecommunications systems and information resources;
Progress with regard to in-depth reviews of first national communications and status of of second submission of second national communications
In accordance with Security Council resolution 1065 (1996) of 12 July 1996, steps have been taken to respond to the mine problem by the addition to the Mission’s vehicle fleet of 13 mine-protected vehicles and the resurfacing of the M-27 and M-29 roads used for patrolling to discourage the laying of mines in potholes.
B. States parties to the Optional Protocol (92)
As regards investment incentives, it was only when countries had met a certain number of basic criteria in terms of a healthy economic environment and an adequate legal investment framework and infrastructure that they could attract increased FDI, and incentives alone were not sufficient.
The various ministries and other government agencies are often unaware of each other’s programmes, resulting in duplication and unintended rivalry which serves to confuse the intended beneficiaries of these services.
11. There are a number of intricate problems with the interface between civil and military Blue Helmets contingents and humanitarian agencies.
Countries which defy this code of behaviour, as India and Pakistan have done, know that they can expect to feel the full weight of international opprobrium.
The Committee also agreed that exemptions under Article 19 that it recommends should be of limited duration and that any requests for extensions should be fully reviewed on their own merits.
As fund balances in individual peacekeeping accounts drop, the opportunity for longer-term investments diminishes. Money must be invested overnight for each peacekeeping mission separately and placements renewed every day, instead of placing funds for six months at a time.
7. Calls for the participation of associate members of regional economic commissions in the special session for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, subject to the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, and in the preparatory process thereof, in the same capacity of observer that held for their participation in the 1994 Global Conference;
The same Claimant also submitted invoices for first class air travel for some of its evacuees.
The benefit shall be payable as of the first day of the month following the death of the former participant.
The Committee began consideration of the item and had before it the documentation listed in the Journal.
Considerable effort has been devoted to the planning and preparation associated with operations that have not been deployed.
- Research priorities (ICCD/COP(1)/CST/5)
Programme 3: Peaceful uses of outer space
As a result, it is proposed that four General Service posts be abolished, to be replaced by the establishment of one Field Service post and three Local level posts.
The Union of Belarus and the Russian Federation, established in accordance with the will of their peoples, has proven its viability and has demonstrated in practice the advantages of thorough integration.
21. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/118, welcomed all measures the human rights treaty bodies might take, within their mandates, in response to situations of massive human rights violations, and requested the High Commissioner, acting within her mandate, to coordinate and consult throughout the United Nations system in this regard.
We have, therefore, in our supreme national interest, decided to exercise the nuclear option.
A. Written notification from the Secretary-General
The juridical acts that give rise to obligations entailing the responsibility of a subject of law (an individual or a State) are specified by law.
The representatives of Israel and Lebanon explained the position of their delegations after the adoption of the draft resolution.
Close coordination and cooperation also exist between the supplier and the producer in the importing country where the product is re-processed.
United Nations Volunteers Programme (UNV)
In explanation of vote after the vote, a statement was made by the representative of India.
(b) Subsequent period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 ($95,500):
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made by certain Governments to the Advance Mission, the Transitional Authority and the related trust funds,
71. In accordance with the procedure established by the Committee, the requests included explanations as to (a) why the bodies wished to meet; (b) why they had not completed their work by the deadline of 1 September laid down in section I, paragraph 6, of resolution 40/243; (c) why it was necessary to meet during the Assembly session; and (d) how many meetings would be required.
A/52/372 (Revenues derived from Palestine refugees’ properties).
Member of the Working Group on the International Criminal Court.
Consequently, LDCs can now obtain important tariff preferences for a number of products.
1564 (L) Principles and recommendations for a vital statistics system
Open-ended informal consultations of the Plenary on Agenda Item 157
Telecommunications play a central role vis-a-vis the other trade efficiency sectors, as they provide the infrastructure through which information is transmitted or handled most efficiently.
3. On the basis of the incoming resources generated by resolution 986 (1995), the Commission, during the first quarter of 1997 will make the payment of approximately $142 million to 63 Governments and one international organization for 56,000 successful claimants in the first instalments of categories A and C, in accordance with decision 17 of the Governing Council, which provides that each successful claimant will initially receive $2,500.
When this was brought to the attention of the Mission’s management, immediate steps were taken to cancel these requisitions, valued at more than $15 million, so that they did not result in financial commitments.
18. Information received by the secretariat on efforts to implement the Platform for Action from entities of the United Nations system since the previous report on this subject (A/52/281) is presented below.
We present these tragic facts to the international community, as represented by the Security Council, in the enduring hope that it will take measures to repel the aggressor and halt the ongoing Israeli attacks that pose a threat to peace and security in the region and in the world.
to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Deployment of contingent-owned vehicles in UNPREDEP for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 Julya
Document: Note by the Secretary-General, A/53/357.
“25. The lack of technical abilities of the developing countries was seen as a major constraint on their efforts to take fuller advantage of the multilateral trade agreements.
(Signed) Famatta Rose Osode Chargé d’affaires a.i.
35. The Committee considered this question at its 25th and 42nd meetings, on 12 November and 10 December.
3. Combined second, third and fourth periodic reports
The representative of the United States made an oral proposal.
The Administrative Committee on Coordination, endorsing the report of the high-level meeting of the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (CCAQ) held at Geneva on 9 February 1998, and also endorsing the report of the Ad Hoc Inter-Agency Meeting on Security held at Montreal from 17 to 19 March 1998:
A two-day seminar was convened on the subject on 21 and 22 July 1997.
The existing Gerontological Plan will be updated, and agreement will be reached with the Ministry of Education and Culture to develop new benefits for older persons.
"The designated representative of the Secretary-General and the Secretary of the Board are in agreement that there is no need to amend the Fund's Regulations.
1. To improve political contacts, including mutual visits at the executive and parliamentary levels.
** Term of office expires on 31 December 2000.
In that resolution, the Assembly noted with satisfaction the support expressed by the heads of State and Government of countries that use French as a common language for United Nations activities, and their desire to begin a new partnership with the institutions of the United Nations system.
UNFPA has informed the Board that the job review for General Service posts at headquarters as originally planned will be conducted as an integral part of the assessment, especially in the light of the Board’s recommendations.
5. On 29 and 30 April 1998, in Santa Fé de Bogotá, Colombia, the Deputy Secretary-General of the United Nations attended the special meeting commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the establishment of OAS and the adoption of the American Declaration of the Rights and Duties of Man.
Since poverty and the poor organization of elections are the underlying causes of the conflicts which have ravaged the subregion, the representatives of the opposition would like to see:
5. Since its inception in 1986, UNCTAD’s technical assistance, advisory and training programmes on restrictive business practices and competition policy have expanded considerably.
The Committee found a violation of this provision in cases Nos. 623/, 624/, 626/ and 627/1995 (Domukovsky and others v. Georgia), because it appeared from the information submitted that the applicants could not appeal their conviction and sentence, and that the law provided only for a judicial review, which took place without a hearing and was on matters of law only.
77. The Board test checked 62 high-value letter of assist cases in the total amount of $33.5 million and found that 14 cases in the sum of $13.1 million (39 per cent) were considered by the Headquarters Committee on Contracts on an ex post facto basis.
The touchstone for this analysis could be the review of the progress made in implementing the Global Programme of Action.
It is derived from the outcome of the work of the AGBM at its seventh session (see FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1) as well as informal consultations conducted by the Chairman.
(g) Climate changes in the South Atlantic;
A monthly provision of $17,500 is made to cover courier services, bank charges, funeral services and other miscellaneous services not included elsewhere.
In this regard, the Committee points to the long—standing presence of Israel in these territories, Israel's ambiguous attitude towards their future status, as well as the exercise of effective jurisdiction by Israeli security forces therein.
341. On 10 April, it was reported that Israel was planning to annex an additional 12,000 dunums of land in order to expand the Maaleh Adumim settlement on the eastern outskirts of Jerusalem.
The Committee discussed various issues under this item.
Results of this work are produced and disseminated to Parties and other stakeholders through regular communication and meetings, cooperation and the clearing-house mechanism of the Convention for their application, evaluation and further refinement.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/91).
These requirements will be considered in the context of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999.
125. On 11 April, dozens of Hamas activists staged a demonstration in Nablus.
96. The General Assembly, in its resolution 50/208 of 23 December 1995, requested the Commission to examine the possible partial phasing out of the expatriate elements of the margin for staff with long service at one duty station.
Moreover, during the period of the general debate, it would be preferable for visits by heads of State and other personalities to the Secretary-General and the President of the General Assembly to be scheduled in such a way that, as far as the President of the General Assembly is concerned, the timely start to the work of the General Assembly is not affected.
The functions of this compensation mechanism are as follows:
63. In the second phase of the project, work was extended to treasury and budget systems, as well as to the systems required for external aid and debt.
Logistical reasonsc a Unforeseen developments requiring the redeployment of resources to other activity.
2. A representative may speak in a language other than the language of the Conference if he/she provides for interpretation into one such language.
At its 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th meetings on 28, 29 and 30 July, respectively, the AG13 considered paragraphs 1, 2, 3, 5 and 6 of annex II of its working document.
A global initiative in primary prevention was prepared in collaboration with the World Health Organization (WHO) and implementation started in 1997.
(d) Police protection as may be required to ensure the effective functioning of the special session.
(statement VIII) 31.2 15.0 (statement IX) 3.6 3.5 (statement XI) 50.4 - resolutions 706 (1991) and 778 (1992)
4. Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.27, 29, 31, 32 and 42).
Also present were representatives of CARICOM, MIGA, UNCTAD, UNDP, UNIDO and the private sector.
Technical assistance was also provided from databases in trade in goods and services; trade in services; competition policies; trade and environment and investment regimes.
1996: Human rights expert for the Parliament commission which carried out an investigation of the secret services ("the Lund Commission").
The documents received through the Internet cannot be distinguished from originals and it is also possible for us to work with the data that we receive".
10. The outcomes of the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly and the nineteenth session of the Governing Council of UNEP, as well as the recommendations of the United Nations Task Force, provide modalities on how such a review could be organized.
This is one of the reasons why the Special Rapporteur proposes adopting this set of principles for the protection and promotion of human rights through action to combat impunity.
The budget estimate for the Verification Mission, as set out in document A/51/494/Add.2 of 7 November 1996, amounted to $314,738,000 gross ($308,606,000 net) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
2. Reaffirms also its resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997;
9. The successful implementation of the UNSMIH political mandate provided a hostility-free environment, which resulted in the repatriation of military personnel and the reduction of civilian personnel.
The reported sales of $47,712,300 to IFOR include amounts to be offset against payments to Governments for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment.
Report of the Executive Director on the response to requests by the Commission on Narcotic Drugs contained in its resolution 15 (XXXVIII) and related matters (E/CN.7/1997/8)
47. The data indicate that cannabis was the most prevalent drug in the period under review, with about 95 per cent of all countries including cannabis seizures in their reports to UNDCP.
The United Nations system is making important contributions in aid coordination and management, and helps to integrate transitional economies with the world economy.
The experiences of Germany and other defeated nations in the post-war period showed that, only when they departed from the past by making apologies and due compensation for their aggressive actions was it possible for them to take a new road to development
Regionally or locally driven government/private-sector interactions do, however, require a national policy framework for enterprise development to guide and direct local and regional initiatives.
4. At the same meeting, the Fifth Committee decided, by acclamation, to recommend to the General Assembly that it appoint Mr. Nester Odaga-Jalomayo (Uganda) as a member of the United Nations Staff Pension Committee for a term of office beginning on _Date of adoption of the decision by the General Assembly. 1998 and ending on 31 December 2000.
In its fifth year, PIP remained the main channel for extrabudgetary project funding of activities carried out within the framework of Agency programmes in education, health and relief and social services, as well as income-generation.
The views of the representatives who spoke during the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.6/53/SR.2, 25–28 and 35).
Collaborative institutional arrangements in support of the Global Mechanism
The Inter-Agency Coordination Group on Mine Action supports the inter-agency coordination of mine-action initiatives and activities.
53. The practices and procedures which are sources of violations of the economic rights of individuals or groups in all societies cannot be exhaustively listed because of their commonplace nature.
The delegations of the two sides included senior officials of other interested Russian and Tajik departments.
Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]
The Committee intends to prepare a general comment on this question, revising its existing general comment 5(13) on article 4 of the Covenant.
264. Harmful fishing practices have also caused an annual discarding of an estimated 20 million tons of fish44 as well as the taking of a large number of incidental catches of sharks, marine mammals, turtles and seabirds. Such practices have adversely affected marine biodiversity.
In another part of town, at the World Trade Organization, talks are in progress which should produce, by 15 February 1997, an intergovernmental agreement on the liberalization of trade in telecommunication services.
Finding itself unable to borrow abroad on market terms and given the limitations of resorting to domestic credit, the Comoros has financed its growing deficits primarily by falling behind in its payments, both internal and external.
94. FAO reported it did not maintain specific records concerning the incidence of unauthorized fishing in zones of national jurisdiction.
Since October 1994, the General Security Service has been authorized by an interministerial committee to apply “special measures” relating to physical pressure to Palestinian detainees which are believed to amount to aggravated forms of torture.
Specific programme contribution for UNU/IAS
13. Two elements of an enterprise development strategy could be emphasized.
It was stressed that dialogue should be proactive and continuous before and during the implementation of strategies and programmes.
Both the Grameen Bank and the Bangladesh Rural Advancement Committee offer non-financial services, such as retail outlet facilities for products of their clients.
8. Within the General Fund there shall be maintained a working capital reserve at a level to be determined from time to time by the Conference of the Parties by consensus.
87. Following a request for clarification concerning some concepts contained in the penultimate paragraph of the working paper, the sponsor delegation pointed out that it could not conceive of a constructive reform process or the revitalization of the United Nations without its democratization, in order to ensure that the purposes and principles of the Charter were implemented in the actual way in which the Organization functioned.
air law or space law prevail during the flight of an aerospace craft, depending on the
Report of the Secretary-General on traffic in women and girls (A/53/618, para. 18, draft resolution I)
Requirement for the connection between UNIKOM headquarters and patrol observation bases.
Construction of Ein Arik health point was completed in July 1997, although the health point could not be made operational pending connection of electric power by the concerned municipality.
Accordingly, the SecretaryGeneral suggested two possible ways of doing so: (a) to include projected requirements in the outline or (b) to exclude requirements from the outline but include a contingency provision for such needs.
6.3 The overall objectives of programme 4 are: (a) to provide a unified central legal service for the United Nations; (b) to contribute to the progressive development and codification of international public and trade law; (c) to promote the strengthening, development and effective implementation of the international legal order for the seas and oceans; and (d) to register and publish treaties and to perform the depositary functions of the Secretary-General.
During the Committee’s sixty-third session, on 20 July 1998, comments were received from Peru on the Committee’s concluding observations (A/52/40, paras. 146-170).
It requests the Government to ensure the widespread dissemination of these concluding observations throughout the population, in Swahili as well as in other languages.
In November 1998, IFACAT will be holding a training seminar for its members to discuss strategies and challenges regarding the problem of torture.
41. A number of speakers supported the feasibility study on a United Nations international radio broadcasting capacity currently being conducted and looked forward to receiving its results.
(a) United Nations Peace Forces headquarters
Such is the case of dialysis units and neonatal respirators for babies with low birth weight or other problems.
Telephone, private automatic branch exchange
409. The Committee requests that information be given in the next report on the impact of programmes to reduce and prevent teenage pregnancy.
In May 1966, the Board approved a plan submitted by the Executive Director (E/ICEF/542, paras. 76-83) for a memorial fund that would give recognition to the value of regional training facilities in fields benefiting children.
The latter measure enables the Department to save on common staff costs.
The Committee also encourages the State party to consider the establishment of an independent mechanism, such as an ombudsperson for the rights of the child.
1. After explaining the current workload of the Court, this report examines the effects of the increase in the volume of its work and the budgetary difficulties that it faces. It then analyses the responses of the Court to this double challenge and its needs that have yet to be met.
Special attention should also be given to sensitize community and religious leaders about the Convention, especially its general principles.
The plan calls for the establishment of a Sierra Leone veterans board which would, in close cooperation with ECOMOG, the United Nations and donors, supervise the disarmament and demobilization of an estimated 33,000 combatants, including 1,000 disabled soldiers, 500 female ex-combatants and 2,500 children in three phases between July 1998 and June 2001.
The report of the Secretary-General contained in document A/52/317 and Corr.1 contained a detailed review and recommendations on both the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs and the Repertoire of the Practice of the Security Council.
At certain moments in the Court’s budgetary cycle, an extraordinary tension exists between the need to preserve an operational balance of the remaining funds for the biennium and the need to proceed with translation so that the Court can continue with its judicial work.
131. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs has continued to strengthen and integrate the collection, analysis and dissemination of information.
They do not proffer any evidence showing who actually caused the damage.
Thirty-nine percent of UNDP core resources go directly to address poverty eradication and livelihoods for the poor.
21. This ignorance and rejection of Saami rights in Norway results from the principle of terra nullius, due to the fact that the State could only claim ownership of “ownerless land”.
The commission has sponsored a comprehensive AIDS strategy to promote healthy behaviour among members of the general public, protect people from infection, reduce vertical transmission and provide support for those who are infected.
Taking into account the fact that the economically more developed countries are in a position to make relatively larger contributions and that the economically less developed countries have a relatively limited capacity to contribute towards such an operation,
Chile, Croatia, Dominican Republic, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Guatemala, Kenya, Luxembourg, Myanmar, New Zealand, Peru, Portugal, Republic of Korea, Slovakia, Slovenia, Ukraine, Uruguay, Swaziland, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe;
(c) Concluding asset-sharing arrangements as a means of enabling forfeited proceeds of crime to be used to strengthen the capacity of national criminal justice systems and contributing a part of such proceeds to programmes such as those aimed at enhancing national capacities for fighting crime in developing countries and in countries with economies in transition, paying due consideration to the rights of bona fide third parties;
The Service reviews and analyses field requirements with a view to ensuring their reasonability and timely submission to the Controller; provides support to substantive departments and field missions to ensure effective resource management and control and provides day-to-day guidance on the application of Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations.
24. Export diversification remained a key objective in the development of African countries, and UNCTAD and the international community could assist in a number of ways.
The great majority of departments, funds, programmes and agencies which have established consultative and/or operational relations with NGOs have set up computerized databases allowing them to organize the information they hold in terms of contact points for these organizations, activities and/or fields of interest.
The United Nations system has further continued to disseminate information and to undertake advocacy for sustainable human development and for the promotion of the objectives and targets laid down in, and for compliance with, the provisions of international conventions and plans of action.
6. With regard to negotiations conducted between States and international organizations with a view to the provision of humanitarian assistance, such negotiations should not be prolonged unnecessarily and priority should be given to enabling the assistance to reach recipients with all possible speed.
We cannot avoid extraordinary measures in this respect.
OPENING STATEMENT BY THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF UNCTAD
Within a very short period of time, therefore, the Security Council adopted three resolutions imposing comprehensive and harsh sanctions on all aspects of the life of the entire Iraqi people.
The 1997 United Nations Pledging Conference for Develop-ment Activities will take place on Tuesday, 4 November 1997, at 10 a.m. and on Wednesday, 5 November 1997, at 10 a.m. in the Trusteeship Council Chamber.
Item 60. Further report of the Secretary-General pursuant to Security Council resolutions 757 (1992), 758 (1992) and 761 (1992) (S/24263 and Add.1).
Thus, ECO attaches great importance to sharing the experience gained by ESCAP in involving the private sector in the development and operation of infrastructure projects, such as through the Asia Infrastructure Development Alliance (AIDA), which is promoted by ESCAP.
A Reuters photographer stated that they shouted to the soldiers in Hebrew and English that they were from the press but the soldiers continued shooting.
19. Commends the United Nations Development Fund for Women, the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Population Fund, the United Nations Children’s Fund and others for building women’s capacity to understand and use human rights instruments, particularly the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women;
At the end of 1997, 100 Member States had paid their assessments in full.
Further provision of $44,600 is made for the estimated cost of travel of eight specialists from Headquarters to the mission area in connection with deployment of the engineering and demining military units for an average of eight days each at an estimated cost of $5,575 per round trip, inclusive of daily subsistence allowance.
The Secretariat will also facilitate, as provided in the relevant regional implementation annexes, the promotion of an enabling environment, as well as the convocation of consultative and coordination processes at the national, subregional and regional levels, and will develop and maintain data bases of focal points related to the above activities.
At the same time, the achievements made in the nations of South-East Asia in the fields of education and science and technology development must be preserved from erosion at a time when national budgets are faced with various constraints derived from the economic and financial situation affecting the region.
(d) To report to the General Conference at its eighth session through the Industrial Development Board on the implementation of the present resolution.
61. The survey, carried out to assess the continuing relevance of UN Chronicle, Africa Recovery and other recurrent publications by the Department, confirmed the large hunger for information about the Organization.
At its 4th meeting, on 30 July, the SBI, on a proposal by the Chairman, decided to refer this item to the SBSTA for its consideration.
8. Ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee.
● Quality standards for construction products shall also be defined.
(a) To the extent that the amounts relate to the expenditures under the United Nations Emergency Force (1956) Special Account and the ad hoc account for the United Nations Operation in the Congo, which, in their view, were illegal, they do not consider themselves bound, under the provisions of Article 17 of the Charter of the United Nations, to participate in paying for those expenditures;
In response to the request of the Security Council, I dispatched a United Nations interdepartmental mission, headed by Mr. de Mistura, to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia for the period from 17 to 27 October.
(iv) The short and long-term impacts of macroeconomic reform and liberalization on the development and growth of enterprises, particularly on SMEs.
VI. Implementation of article 21 of the Convention
(c) It released a report on the role of citizens in managing the Nakhodka oil spill, which occurred in January on the west coast of Japan;
55. Mr. Guissé said that he had been wondering about the size of the study, which was similar to that of a final report.
It also produced a documentary film on small arms, entitled “Messenger of Peace”, with an emphasis on nuclear proliferation and disarmament and the issue of small arms.
It recommends that action be taken to clear the outstanding inter-office vouchers.
46. Restrictions on the movement of local staff into and out of the Gaza Strip and to the Allenby Bridge and Ben Gurion Airport continued to require UNRWA to employ extra international staff as drivers to maintain effective pouch and courier services for its Gaza headquarters and field operations.
Programmes conducted by the United Nations provide detailed information on the identification of mines and the dangers they represent, and they seek to teach safe behaviour.
Proposal to be developed on the possibility of restricting voting entitlements in respect of certain issues, such as those relating to adjustment of commitments of Annex A Parties Note to reader: See paragraph 253 on Parties included in Annex A in this proposal. under Article 7 (see paragraphs 175-175.4).
(d) Note by the Secretariat on the administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO (A/C.5/52/45).
The amount was more than four times the $250 million that the Bank added in 1995, and represented an effort to maintain IDA programmes despite disappointing new donor commitments.12
Also on Thursday, the Committee would take action on the draft resolution contained in document A/C.3/52/L.11/Rev.1 under item 102 (Social development), documents A/C.3/52/L.4, L.6, L.7, L.8, L.22 and L.23 under item 103 (Crime prevention and criminal justice).
The revised cost estimate includes additional requirements for the increase in the United Nations vehicle establishment from 733 to 812 vehicles, excluding trailers.
6 p.m. Informal consultations by the Chairman of the Second Com-mittee on “Renewal of the dialogue on strengthening of interna-tional economic cooperation for development through partner-ship” (agenda item 97 (a))
In order to continue efforts to facilitate the electronic exchange of treaty-mandated information between Governments and INCB, UNDCP is supporting the Board in convening an international meeting to discuss the type of information to be shared and the modalities for such information-sharing.
Enhancing United Nations capabilities to deal with the challenges of the twenty-first century in the field of information was a top priority, in the words of another speaker.
The settlers claimed that they were protesting against an incident in which shots were fired at the Avraham Avinu quarter, adding that it was the third time that shots had been fired at the Jewish quarter over the past week.
12 March La Paz National Awareness Seminar in Bolivia
Rapporteur: Mr. Rytis Paulauskas (Lithuania)
United Nations Civilian Police Mission in Haiti
Such vehicles will not be permitted to park on United Nations premises.
In accordance with this decision, each activity under this Subprogramme will give priority consideration to LDC issues, and the Sub-programme as a whole will provide the required sectoral inputs within its scope to the activities under Sub-programme 9.5.
6. In addition to the new sections in the United Nations Office for Project Services Handbook, the Board is pleased to note that, prior to the period end, the Office reminded certifying officers of their responsibilities to ensure that all purchase instruments represent valid obligations for the biennium 1996–1997.
Between 1700 and 1800 hours occupation forces fired artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar from their position at Tall Ya`qub.
(a) After more than 50 years of operation, the Fund was at an important turning point in that the relationship between the level of contributions and the benefit expenditures would require increased dependence on investment income;
On 23 May, in Yatoko, Eastern Province, members of the PIR mistreated Masambuko, Kayemo and Bendro for stealing food and animals from residents.
With respect to environmental liabilities that will be settled in the near-term, however, the current cost approach would normally be used.
The general requirements of Section 4.2.2 and the requirements of Section 6.6.3 shall be met.
22. The Secretary-General appreciates the recognition of the progress that has been made in the area of staff training.
“Reaffirming the outcome of its nineteenth special session and the relevant decisions of the Commission on Sustainable Development taken at its fifth and sixth sessions,
Bhutan, Bulgaria, Estonia, Georgia, Hungary, India, Israel, Latvia, Marshall Islands, Micronesia (Federated States of), Poland, Republic of Korea, Romania, Russian Federation.
In particular, it allows a much more rapid run-down of civilian staff strength than would otherwise be possible.
Lastly, Part D contains information on cooperation between UNCTAD and other United Nations agencies and international organizations in the area of enterprise development.
The Special Committee was told that a “convincing reason” such as a death certificate issued by the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) was sometimes required for a permit to be issued.
The most comprehensive reference work on the activities of the United Nations and the organizations of the United Nations system. Published annually in English.
Informal consultations on agenda item 116 (Proposed pro- gramme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 (A/52/6/Rev.1 (Vol. I and II), A/52/16 and Add.1, A/52/7 and Chapter II (Parts I-XII), A/C.5/51/53, A/C.5/51/57, A/C.5/52/15 and A/C.5/52/ 20))
Pages on the UN website devoted to general information on peacekeeping operations and special representatives of the Secretary-General, updated regularly
General Assembly fifty-third session home page. Among the materials made available are:
United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara
Concerns were expressed regarding paragraph 16 of the report (A/53/122), which indicated that more than two thirds of terminated outputs occurred in the five regional commissions, the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and the Department of Humanitarian Affairs combined.
Consideration is being given to the possibility of maximizing the use of staff in the Verbatim Reporting Service at Headquarters by combining their functions with those of other language staff.
Sources in the Israeli police stated that they believed the attackers had come from abroad, but had received extensive logistical aid from supporters in East Jerusalem.
Subsequently, Israel joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
Following a preliminary investigation by OIOS, the United Nations filed a formal complaint in 1996 with the Government of Kenya because the United Nations equipment was ultimately located at Mombasa.
The following information on the portable tank and organic peroxide is needed for the heating rate calculation:
The need for promoting domestic and foreign private investment and improving its allocation thus remains a top priority for domestic policy makers and for international assistance in this regard.
Elimination of racism and racial discrimination: report of the Third Committee (A/52/642) [110]
The briefings will take place at 3.30 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
(b) Follow-up on the relationship between income distribution and human rights, at both the international and national levels;
Parliament must express its will and responsibility and review concessions that have nothing to do with stimulating production.
The project will address environmental problems, in particular, transboundary issues in the Western Indian Ocean.
III. Recommendation of the Sixth Committee
which noted that United Nations funds had been expended on services not rendered by aviation vendors in several peacekeeping missions during that biennium.
In consultation with the Department of Political Affairs, the Department of Humanitarian Affairs and the Bretton Woods institutions, the Division has prepared recommendations on the role of the international community in the country, which the Secretary-General presented to the Security Council in his report of 23 January (S/1998/61).
7. In a letter dated 3 March 1998 from the Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions to the Secretary-General (A/52/818), the Advisory Committee concluded, for reasons cited in the letter, that there was no basis for it to report to the Fifth Committee at that time.
21. A few Governments have reported activities aimed at reducing the risk of contracting the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV); those activities have included awareness-raising programmes and the exchange of needles and syringes.
(ii) The regional participation of experts by task, with a breakdown of participation by country;
New selection procedures have been established that are intended to increase the number of resident coordinators appointed from the wider United Nations system as well as the number of women serving in that capacity.
9 . Activities of foreign economic and other interests which impede the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples in Territories under colonial domination: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/52/621) [91 and 18].
The estimate is based on the monthly rate of $8,766.
183. UNCTAD - Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development, third session [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
28. A very clear message emerged from the 23 April consultations: self-enforcement without follow-up does not work.
80. The Special Representative notes the vulnerable status of children and calls on the international community to assist Rwanda in ensuring that children survivors of the genocide receive appropriate trauma counselling and that all children have access to education.
The gradual emergence of a distinct Palestinian economy is further strengthened by the signing of an Interim Agreement on Trade and Cooperation between the European Union and the Palestinian Authority in early 1997, and bilateral economic and trade negotiations with a number of emerging trading partners.
Annex 2: Indicative start-up budget for the GM 59
More modest, but none the less substantial, increases occurred for cocoa (an increase of 42 per cent in Côte d’Ivoire); tobacco (15 per cent in Malawi); and cotton (11 per cent in Côte d’Ivoire).
Treatment of resources voluntarily made available for GM functioning and activities
The Board noted that the number of steps per grade had continually increased over the years, as shown in table 2, while the value per step had gradually decreased, as shown in table 3.
b. a general indication of the timing and terms of their settlement.
32. In other areas of health, the Ministry of Health and Social Welfare, UNICEF, the World Health Organization (WHO) and Médecins du monde developed a plan of action to train health and development related workers at the three levels of health delivery system.
Consideration of communications under the Optional Protocol to the Covenant [6]
It provided for 600 troops, 300 civilian police officers and 298 civilian staff, comprising 128 international staff, 156 local staff and 14 United Nations Volunteers.
Persons participating in the perpetration of such acts should incur criminal and civil responsibility.
(n) Letter dated 6 November 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of Georgia and Kazakhstan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/689);
209. At its 2nd and 4th meetings, on 1 and 2 June 1998, the Committee considered the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on strengthening the role of evaluation findings in programme design, delivery and policy directives transmitted under cover of a note by the Secretary-General (A/53/90).
The principal areas of election-related assistance include legal analysis and legislative assistance with regard to electoral laws and related legislation; analysis and recommendations concerning the prevailing human rights environment and legal and institutional needs; support for civic education endeavours; prerequisites for free and fair elections; and the training of public officials with key roles in elections.
SBSTA/1997/12/ Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.
Several delegations agreed with this point of view and stressed the importance of the Russian language to the citizens of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) countries.
Both symposiums benefited from the technical assistance of the Amman-based UNFPA country support team.
** Term of office expires on 30 June 2000.
17. The Board recommends that UNDP ensure that future contracts provide for payments to be linked to the achievement of specific targets and goals (para. 117).
Welcoming the initiative of the Office of the High Commissioner to develop the project entitled “Assisting Communities Together”, supported by voluntary funds and designed to provide small grants to grass-roots and local organizations carrying out practical human rights activities,
The Committee notes that for the period from 1 April 1997 to 31 December 1998 expenditures incurred amount to $2,868,900, and that the balance of contributions available for the next mandate period is $936,643.
Since demobilization and disarmament activities had not started at the time of the Committee’s review of the report (18 February 1998) the representatives of the Secretary-General were not able to inform the Committee regarding the start of the process nor of its end.
This will enable the Council to provide its substantive input into the special session of the General Assembly.
We consider it necessary to complete work on adapting the Treaty in the nearest future.
Together with the Africa Governance Inventory, a new UNDP initiative in collaboration with the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, the AGF process also provides impetus for more effective coordination and mobilization of support for governance programmes in Africa.
Substantive and technical services will be provided to the meetings of the Commission and its subsidiary machinery
The Special Committee will hold further consultations and contacts with those organizations, as appropriate.
Parties which have been included in Annex I subsequent to the adoption of this Protocol, in accordance with the provisions of Article 4.2(f) of the Convention; and
Overall, however, the Board was pleased to note that the Programme had made good progress in developing a programme approach.
11. Decides further to reduce the apportionment provided by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/153 B at a monthly rate of 22,945,408 dollars gross (22,185,500 dollars net), subject to the decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of the Transitional Administration, to the amount of 111,824,800 dollars gross (107,572,100 dollars net) for the maintenance of the Transitional Administration for the period from 1 July 1997 to the end of its mandate on 15 January 1998;
A number of Parties are in the early phases of market restructuring and describe the uncertainty of structural developments in terms of fuel choice, investment and trade patterns, and the implications for CO2 emissions.
The first appointed Commissioner was a former President of the International Court of Justice.
Two diplomats managed to escape and make their way to the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Note to reader: proposed text submitted by Venezuela, Iran, Saudi Arabia and the
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)
2. The United Nations financial statements for individual funds contain elements of double-counting of income and expenditure totalling $516.3 million, which are detailed in the following paragraphs.
He also observed that, in its resolution 52/107 of 12 December 1997, the General Assembly had specifically recommended that the impact of sanctions on children should be assessed and monitored and that those regimes should, if necessary, be subject to child-focused exceptions of a humanitarian nature.
The increasingly critical conditions of many correctional systems in terms of overcrowding, internal security and risks to the health of inmates produce heavy consequences in economic, social and health terms that affect the entire community.
Ms. Lilian Musa, Director, Pith Helmet Industries (Private) Ltd., Zimbabwe
ANNOUNCEMENTS Training courses for permanent missions
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation [97]
The Committee noted with regret that no report had been submitted to the Committee since 1989.
29. The UNFPA thematic evaluation of execution modalities has provided a conceptual framework for the evaluation and performance standards for executing agencies.
99. After Nigeria’s amendment of its legislation, only 11 States out of 145 continue to claim a territorial sea extending beyond 12 nautical miles. Of these, 8 States claim 200 nautical miles – 5 in Africa and 3 in Latin America.
It was announced that Austria, Bangladesh, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Liechtenstein, Malaysia, New Zealand, the Nether-lands, Norway and Poland had joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The final phase of a project for construction of pathways and drains in Husn camp was completed.
For example, children born outside of the home country might have nationality or other restrictions imposed in respect of any children born to them.
The aim is to streamline the process of consideration of issues, so as to increase the efficiency in the use of time during meetings, to avoid confusion and to reduce the overall workload.
Donors pledged approximately $2.4 billion, which would be disbursed over the five years of the transitional period.
UNCTAD (1997b). “Opportunities for vertical diversification in the food processing sector in developing countries”, report by the UNCTAD secretariat, TD/B/COM.1/EM.2/2.
Amnesty International reveals the methods of torture used in Israeli prisons and demands assurances that resort to those methods will cease
Having acquired considerable expertise in this area, Thailand was now assisting other developing countries (e.g. Viet Nam) in upgrading their quality control systems.
The strategic object of this programme is to put forward options for easing the agro—socio—economic constraints on lasting development in the Sahel.
48. Most delegations, however, were of the opinion that, notwithstanding the need for appropriate national legislation, the opportunity and circumstances for the accomplishment of this task should be left entirely to the decision of States.
Accordingly, I would like to step up the administrative reform and the adoption of a law on the Cabinet of Ministers.
Acknowledging the important role of a favourable external environment for subsequent development, Kyrgyzstan is working consistently and fruitfully to strengthen security along the State borders with all neighbouring countries.
On behalf of the European Union, I would like to reiterate to you our great concern relating to the financial situation of the United Nations.
These include UNPF, established in the biennium 1992-1993, along with UNTAES, UNPREDEP and UNMIBH. Expenditures for the four missions during the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $362.5 million.
Likewise, it was also proposing to deal with the specific issues of women’s human rights within the general context of human rights violations through the newly established independent National Commission on Human Rights.
67. The Committee agreed to continue its review of the low per capita income adjustment, including the problem of discontinuity, at its fifty-ninth session.
4. In the discharge of his renewed mandate and in order to follow up on his observations and recommendations, as articulated in his last report to the Commission on Human Rights, the Special Representative undertook two missions to Rwanda, from 8 to 15 June and from 31 August to 7 September 1998.
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/52/L.19: United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala (A/C.5/52/ 21 and Add.1)
Expressing their belief that the extension of human contacts constitutes an important factor in the Ukrainian-Turkish partnership, both sides will continue to promote cooperation in the humanitarian sphere by encouraging cultural, scientific and educational exchanges between the two countries on a regular basis.
8. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
Areas of concern and recommendations of the Committee
(f) There is a clear difference between the notions of benchmarks and indicators;
Concerted international action was needed in those areas.
(b) Continue, through its Working Group on agenda item 4, its consideration of matters relating to the definition and delimitation of outer space and to the character and utilization of the geostationary orbit, including consideration of ways and means to ensure the rational and equitable use of the geostationary orbit without prejudice to the role of the International Telecommunication Union (item 4);
6. In addition to reports on action programmes pursuant to paragraph 5, any group of affected country Parties may make a joint communication, directly or through a competent subregional or regional organization, on measures taken at the subregional and/or regional levels in implementation of the Convention.
(b) Projects and plans for the Judaization of Jerusalem during the second half of 1997.
(b) Receive, translate, reproduce and distribute the documents of the session;
In all, four proposals for amendments were submitted by Parties.
(o) Nuclear-weapon-free southern hemisphere and adjacent areas;
Appendix 2 Cost-utility analysis – sensitivity analysis
(a) Surveying the principal potential units;
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by this Protocol and which has informed the secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Meeting of the Parties as an observer, may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present object.
7. In the opinion of OIOS, the provisions or statements quoted in paragraphs 5 and 6 above clearly indicate that the Organization as a whole is concerned not only with the “double-dipping” practice, but also with other broader implications of the employment of retired staff.
Therefore Portugal is still considered the administering Power and has a particular responsibility in assisting the people of East Timor to exercise their right to self-determination, as enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations and embodied in the International Covenants on Human Rights, as well as in the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples.
At the beginning of the first sentence, insert the words “The sixth objective will be” and delete the words “is an equally important objective of the subprogramme” at the end of the sentence. Paragraph 23.15
The Union is also convinced that the United Nations requires further ongoing reform if it is to address those issues efficiently and effectively.
A supportive attitude will affect performance quality and, as a result, the quality of internal controls.
14. Calls upon the international community, including multilateral financial institutions, to implement fully and effectively all initiatives taken regarding debt relief for developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, and thus support their efforts to eradicate poverty;
(b) To cooperate with the Commission on National Reconciliation (CNR) and its subcommissions, and with the Central Commission on Elections and Referenda;
104. The Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea has established a Geographic Information System (GIS) database using key technology to convert deposited information such as maps, charts and lists of coordinates in one global GIS database.
requirements in 1998 related to the work of the Global Mechanism could derive from decisions which COP may take, at its first session, on the identification of the organization to host the Mechanism and the modalities of its operation;
– As stipulated in Articles 10 to 14 of the Charter, the peaceful settlement of disputes is a shared responsibility of the General Assembly and the Security Council.
United Nations Decade of International Law
16. The Security Council, by its resolution 1145 (1997) of 19 December 1997, terminated the mandate of UNTAES on 15 January 1998 and established the Support Group, with a mandate limited to a single nine-month period from 16 January to 15 October 1998.
828. The Committee is also concerned that persons working with and for children, including judges, lawyers, magistrates, law enforcement personnel, army officials, teachers, school managers, health personnel, social workers, officials of the national and local administrations and personnel of child-care institutions, lack sufficient knowledge about the Convention and other relevant international instruments relating to the rights of the child.
A sum of 350 million Canadian dollars has been allocated to develop a community-based healing strategy to assist aboriginal people who were the victims of physical and sexual abuse in residential schools.
19. The spokesman for the Latin American and Caribbean Group (Panama) expressed appreciation for the secretariat report (TD/B/COM.1/2), which was well-balanced and contained practical suggestions on those measures which should be implemented to help developing countries face the new situation.
Changes in family law have established additional protection for women against economic discrimination in cases of divorce.
In the Agreement on regulating the relations and promotion of cooperation between the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Republic of Macedonia of 18 June 1996, article 4, it is stated:
Moreover, each Member State would be free to increase or decrease the pledge by, for example, giving at least one year’s advance notice, thereby allowing boards and executive heads to plan accordingly.
The Presidents express the conviction that time and opportunities for a political settlement of the Afghan conflict have not yet been exhausted.
Despite the peace accords, military orders remained in force in the occupied territories.
As part of this project, four African development experts were asked to draw up guidelines that would direct UNU/INRA on how to incorporate the ideas of women into natural resource management.
The subprogramme will also draw from the analytical capabilities of ECA substantive divisions as well as its subregional development Centres."
derive maximum available benefit by: analysing the impact of the Uruguay Round Agreements on
for LDC’s Trade Development: Joint Meeting of UNCTAD and WTO
The Centre at Manila, in collaboration with the Philippine Human Rights Commission, displayed the photographs in the province of Zambales, and has plans to mount the exhibit in all 12 regions of the country.
Documents available at the session for reference purposes
The representative stated the Government’s position that equality between women and men was a conditio sine qua non of democracy.
a Includes the Mail Operations, Pouch and Messenger Subunits.
43. Almost all of the resources available to the Fund were allocated to the above-mentioned activities in 1998, continuation of the Indigenous Fellowship Programme for four fellows for six months, and the holding of the third session of the Advisory Group.
36. Business training, particularly of young people, is a prerequisite for sustainable business development and should be undertaken in conjunction with other efforts to build local leadership through the economic development agency/partnership centres.
(b) The second point relates to the consequences of such practices for economic, social and cultural rights and for collective rights; and
In addition to staffing, provision under the core budget will need to be made for the following items under the central control of the administrative unit:
10. According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) World Education Report 1998: Teachers and Teaching in a Changing World, the global patterns of student enrolments by region and level of education have changed considerably over the last 30 years and continue to evolve.
(d) All field officers should be reminded of the importance of completing the receipt and inspection reports (para. 33);
That objective seems to have been achieved, although not without consequences for the full delivery of programmes and services as referred to above.
The Board of Auditors conducted an interim audit of these accounts and did not report to the Advisory Committee any situation that should be brought to the attention of Member States.
As at 31 March 1998, funds were invested in 51 countries, including direct investments in 27 developing countries, and were in 33 different currencies.
It would then seize the protagonists with a view to giving renewed hope and renewed impetus to the peace process.
The Committee trusts that the more expensive INMARSAT terminals will be phased out and the results reflected in future budgets.
Most of these savings related to spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
They also committed themselves to achieving continued progress in fully integrating Latvia, Estonia and Lithuania into European and trans-Atlantic institutions, including in supporting the preparations for integration with the European Union, NATO and the World Trade Organization.
By resolution 1998/31, the Council recommended to the General Assembly the adoption of the draft resolution contained therein.
Statistical information concerns illicit crop cultivation, drug production and seizures.
The report considers human rights developments in the three countries of the Special Rapporteur’s mandate until mid-August 1998.
C. Agenda 12. At its 1st meeting, on 3 December 1997, the third inter-sessional meeting adopted the provisional agenda (E/CN.7/1997/PC/8).
12. All-Inclusive Intra-East Timorese Dialogue
The Administration stated that the revenue generated from sales was often not intended to cover the cost of the publication, but only to cover other expenses such as dissemination, storage and handling costs.
During 1997, 18 Ph.D. fellows from 14 different countries participated in the programme.
28. Decides further that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 26 and 27 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of 9,203,500 dollars approved for the International Tribunal for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999;
As described in section B of the present annex, requirements for equipment would be met, to the extent possible, from the available stocks and from the start-up kits assembled at the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi, Italy.
Similarly the Republic of Korea has developed alternative technologies for chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) with public funds.
Several ways exist to ensureco-ordination on such issues between the subsidiary bodies.
The Committee thus concluded its resumed substantive session for 1997.
1. Article 21, paragraph 6, of the Convention requires the Conference of the Parties (COP) at its first session to “make appropriate arrangements with the organization it has identified to house the Global Mechanism for the administrative operations of such Mechanism, drawing to the extent possible on existing budgetary and human resources”.
27. With regard to the preparation of individual country studies, he proposed that the scope of these studies be broadened to include examination of the capacity-building issues as discussed in section II of the report so as to better identify policy approaches as well as technical assistance needs of developing countries.
The Committee recommended that consideration be given to the impact of this on the operations of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations.
"Reaffirming our commitment to combat the multidimensional problems involving illicit drugs,
UNFPA informed the Board that the lease was the result of careful consideration of a number of scenarios of various locations and lengths of lease.
(a) There shall be a balanced approach between demand reduction and supply reduction, each reinforcing the other, in an integrated approach to solving the drug problem;
5. The Board continued its practice of reporting the results of specific audits in management letters containing detailed observations and recommendations to the Administration.
16. Decides to authorize the Secretary-General to utilize the amount of 2,204,300 dollars from the unencumbered balance for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 to meet incurred expenses for the same period that have not yet been recorded;
DOCUMENTS SUBMITTED TO THE BOARD AT ITS RESUMED EIGHTEENTH SESSION Symbol
The statement by the President of the Security Council dated 14 May 1998 (S/PRST/1998/12) focused mainly on global non-proliferation issues and failed to address the security situation in our region.
“Where such large explosive articles are as part of their operational safety and suitability tests subjected to test regimes that meet the intentions of these Recommendations and such tests have been successfully undertaken, the competent authority may approve such articles to be transported under these Recommendations.”
11. Calls upon all Governments to cooperate with and to assist the Special Rapporteur in the performance of his task, in particular by supplying all necessary information requested by him, to react appropriately and expeditiously to his urgent appeals, and to give serious consideration to his requests to visit their countries and to the follow-up to his recommendations;
Those measures, in the amount of $50 million at mid-1997, included: significant reductions in the budget allocations for temporary labour, vehicles, equipment, medical and other supplies, training, maintenance, hospitalization, and travel; non-funding of the provision for salary increases; freezing of certain posts; and non-funding of the provision for termination indemnities.
14. Considering the environment in which missions operate, thefts cannot be eliminated.
Seminar on immigration, racism and racial discrimination
7. Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to ensure that the texts of all new public documents, in all six official languages, and information materials of the United Nations are made available through the United Nations Web site daily and are accessible to Member States without delay;
The audit also identified several specific steps to be taken to improve the qualifications of security officers and to achieve stricter security enforcement and a stronger commitment to security at all levels.
316. With respect to article 5 of the Convention, the Committee is further concerned that articles 8 and 16 of the Croatian Law on Citizenship seem to establish different criteria for ethnic Croats compared with other minorities in Croatia in granting citizenship.
The level of participation at the GEF Council should be reviewed and regional views should be presented at its meetings.
They should be an instrument for the qualitative reconstruction of the economy, profound social reforms and an improved standard of living.
55. The Special Representative remains extremely concerned by the prevailing conditions of detention in Rwanda and calls on the international community to assist the Government of Rwanda in seeking immediate and long-term solutions.
Children who work in agriculture often suffer the effects of poisoning from the pesticides used.
4. HIPC initiative: status of early cases
The Government of the Sudan reaffirms that it does not promulgate or apply any laws or measures that could, by being applied outside its own national borders, affect the sovereignty of any other State.
- The second condition is that the proposed concentration or the actual concentration must be aimed at achieving a level of over 30 per cent of sales in the domestic market.
The credentials shall be issued either by the Head of State or Government or by the Minister of Foreign Affairs or, in the case of a regional economic integration organization, by the competent authority of that organization.
(on the scale of assessment and the programme budget)
53. The representative of Japan reiterated that the Department’s activities should not be considered non-programme ones, and said his delegation strongly opposed any reduction in the Department’s budgetary resources from the level approved by the General Assembly.
Between 1400 and 1730 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 81-mm mortar shells and directed bursts of fire at Luwayzah from their positions on Sujud, Razlan and Tahrah hills.
Economic and environmental questions: sustainable development
62. ICRC and IFRC expressed concern at the failure to respect the Red Cross and Red Crescent emblems in conflict and the consequent deterioration of security.
UNITAR should carry out periodic reconciliations between its accounting information system and the independent records of the United Nations Office at Geneva (para. 10 (a))
Member, United Nations Women's Organization.
On 23 May, accompanied by United Nations staff, Mr. Ngoma was able to leave Lubumbashi, travel to Kinshasa and leave the country.
In 1996, these flows almost halved, to $7.6 billion (see table 2).
11. Many people have been expelled from their villages and prevented from going back.
But the Committee noted that the formulation of objectives in the section could be improved.
The frequency and intensity of airspace violations are a further reminder of Turkey's offensive disregard of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and all the relevant decisions of the Organization on the question of Cyprus.
In this connection, the Committee is concerned about the apparent reluctance of victims of violence and ill-treatment to testify before the relevant instances and recommends that the State party take every possible measure to correct the situation, including increased public information activities to educate the public on redress mechanisms available at the national level, their mandates and their functioning.
29. For its consideration of this item, the Commission had before it the following documentation:
At its Conference held at Windhoek in April 1998, the Inter-Parliamentary Council adopted a political declaration on the need to give substance to the social development commitments undertaken at the World Summit.
In this regard, support was given to the efforts made by the Secretary-General for administrative and budgetary reform to increase efficiency and effectiveness.
Or, to take another example, potentially viable firms may easily be lost in the middle of a financial crisis.
Implementation rates for audit recommendations of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
89. No provision is required under this heading.
8. At the regional level, Malaysia has worked actively within the Association of South-East Asian Nations (ASEAN) to establish the South-East Asia Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zone which would contribute to further enhancing regional peace and security.
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/159).
∙ Member of the Finnish delegation to the Diplomatic Conference on the Suppression of Unlawful Acts against the Safety of Civil Aviation, 1971.
The Programme informed the Board that it accepted the need to build up in-house expert capacity on the technical side, and considered that emphasis would need to be placed on developing specific plans of joint work with institutions best placed to meet non-core functions requirements.
36. A crucial part of any future effort should be to strengthen the administrative structures of existing microcredit institutions, rather than letting multiple and competing institutions proliferate.
D. Summary of activities for the biennium 1998-1999 and thematic focus
2. Notes with satisfaction that this ad hoc committee has already engaged in the first step in the substantive negotiations;
In this connection, a project agreement on Population and Development Strategies was approved by the Ministry of Social Affairs and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) in August 1997.
Additional convoys were being planned along the Tonja-Fanjak and Renk-Malakal corridors.
Economic and Social GROUP OF 77 OF THE SECOND COMMITTEE
27. This final report is focused on three points:
In several countries, the offices of UNDP resident representatives provided support and facilitated short-term OSCE missions, in particular those related to election monitoring.
(a) The approval of the amount of $43,009,000 gross ($41,269,700 net) for the maintenance of the Force for the 12-month period beginning on 1 July 1998, including the amount of $20,256,567 net to be funded through voluntary contributions from the Government of Cyprus ($13,756,567) and from the Government of Greece ($6,500,000);
and Northern Ireland Mr. Omran EL SHAFEI* Egypt
Date of birth: 17 June 1954. Place of birth: Dioila (Mali).
Effectiveness of international assistance
1. The present report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law covers the Commission's thirty-first session, held in New York from 1 to 12 June 1998.
(a) Placing the communications function at the heart of the strategic management of the Organization and consolidating all communications activities under a strong senior official who would be part of his immediate team, in order to turn the United Nations into an effective modern communications-oriented organization;
Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
10. In order to move from the current level to a higher level of development, the difficulties resulting from the lack of interface between IMIS and the information systems available in the area of conference services will have to be overcome.
3. The General Assembly reiterates its concern that military activities and arrangements by colonial Powers in Territories under their administration might run counter to the rights and interests of the colonial peoples concerned, especially their right to self-determination and independence.
Under the old system, some 3 million TIR carnets had been issued annually and the lack of effective control for this volume of paper processing had led to serious problems with fraud.
Acceptance: France, Syrian Arab Republic (18 November 1997)*
The centre proposes to integrate information on energy and socio-economic data.
9. The provision of reliable and efficient land transport services has always been crucial for the economic integration of the ECO subregion, which includes seven landlocked countries.
The conditions under which candidates other than “internal candidates”, as defined in proposed staff rule 104.11 and under prior Secretariat practice, could apply for vacant posts are already set out in ST/AI/1997/7, Recruitment procedures for Professional staff, as amended by ST/AI/1998/5, and in ST/AI/412, Special measures for the achievement of gender equality.
Confirming our staunch commitment to fighting terrorism in all its forms, as provided in the Declaration and Plan of Action on Hemispheric Cooperation to Prevent, Combat, and Eliminate Terrorism, as an expression of our strong condemnation and repudiation of all forms of terrorism, by whomever and however they are perpetrated, as acts that constitute a violation of the essential rights of individuals,
Article 4.2(d) provides that the Conference of the Parties shall, at its first session, review the adequacy of Article 4.2(a) and (b).
Some of those savings were offset by additional requirements to cover a 9.6 per cent increase in local salaries effective 1 January 1998 and higher travel costs.
(Thousands of United States dollars, rounded)
Capacity-building in introducing technologies and innovative methods for enhancing communication for development
Contributions assessed on Member States in accordance with the scale of assessments applicable to peacekeeping operations for the year 1999
Where there is a massive influx of people in need of asylum, immediate measures should be taken to separate the civilian population from soldiers and militiamen.
The ultimate objective of BITs from the point of view of developing host countries is to contribute to a favourable investment climate, with a view to attracting more FDI flows and, ultimately, advancing the economic and social development of the host countries involved.
VIII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998
15. Mine-action initiatives must also be an integral component of strategies designed to rehabilitate health care, education, infrastructure, agriculture and marketing systems, to name but a few of the requirements of societies recovering from violent conflicts.
25. It is also patently clear that all the listed weapons except fuel-air and cluster bombs necessarily violate human rights, especially the rights to life, health, food, shelter and work.
Three Parties (CZE, DEU, GBR) with overall decreasing CO2 emissions nevertheless reported increases from transport.
12. In the case of conference services, it is foreseen that the prototype would be based on the use of off-the-shelf commercial software and a minimal personal computer hardware set.
GC.7/Res.9 LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN
5. Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 18 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The remuneration of the concessionaire was often the combined result of charges paid by the users, ancillary revenue sources and direct subsidies or payments made by the public entity awarding the contract.
Convinced also that, notwithstanding the way in which mercenaries or mercenary-related activities are used or the form they take to acquire some semblance of legitimacy, they are a threat to peace, security and the self-determination of peoples and an obstacle to the enjoyment of human rights by peoples,
20. Notes the progress made in the area of staff training, and requests the Secretary-General to develop further a formal training programme for all procurement staff;
It is in this context that the Government of Pakistan has decided to announce a unilateral moratorium on nuclear testing.
10. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:
Joint projects in the areas of security, logistics and inter-agency coordination provide common operational support for agencies and their partners which ensures cost- effectiveness by eliminating redundancy.
One 20-year-old Palestinian man was seriously wounded in the stomach.
The members of the Administrative Committee on Coordination recognize that, in such cases, the challenge before the United Nations system is to undertake an integrated and coordinated programme of action containing political, military, humanitarian, human rights, economic and social elements to ensure that conflict is prevented or resolved on a lasting basis.
(iv) Programme of work for the second and third Conferences of the Parties GE.97-61590 Page
Statements before the vote were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic, Cameroon and Uganda (see A/C.5/52/SR.68).
ANNOUNCEMENTS Training courses for permanent missions
148. Greenpeace further pointed out that, according to the CCAMLR Scientific Committee, while the total allowable catch of Patagonian toothfish was 32,991 tons in 1997 and 18,000 tons in 1998, the total amount of illegal catch was estimated at about 100,000 and 130,000 tons respectively in those years; the assessments suggested that the species would be commercially extinct within three years if fishing was not brought under control.
The delegation of Zimbabwe stated that it had intended to vote in favour of the amendment.
Page INTRODUCTION At its ninth session, United Nations Conference on Trade and Development recognized that foreign investment can contribute to the strengthening of the production bases and export capacities of developing countries and help in their integration into the multilateral trading system and the world economy.
During the period, 11,584 lump-sum withdrawal and other settlements were paid.
Integration groupings among developing countries increasingly aim at the formation of customs unions and common markets, rather than free trade areas, and extend to the liberalization of trade in services, investment and factor movements and the pursuance of other economic, monetary and political objectives, besides removing barriers to trade in goods, including sensitive products.
26. Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions [General Assembly resolution 173 (II)]
(a) United Nations Decade of International Law (A/52/ 363)
These policies and measures, applied by each of these Parties included in Annex I to the Convention, shall:
Regional economic integration organizations, in matters within their competence, shall exercise their right to vote with a number of votes equal to the number of their member States which are Parties to the Protocol.
Activities must be of suitable scale, acknowledging that some projects can be highly cost- effective with an initial small, rapidly implemented phase.
6.6.5.4.1 In respect of each design type of large packagings a certificate and mark (as in 6.6.3) shall be issued attesting that the design type including its equipment meets the test requirements.
Concerning the confiscation of proceeds derived from drug-related crimes, in some countries laws have been introduced allowing such proceeds to be shared with the jurisdictions whose law enforcement agencies participated in the investigations of the offences leading to the forfeiture, as well as providing for the sharing of such funds with domestic agencies.
Gains and losses resulting from exchange adjustments arising from payments of voluntary contributions are recorded as an offset to these contributions.
In addition to not being true, this claim is disproved both by your report to the Security Council of 23 September 1998 (S/1998/887) and the Security Council press statement of 28 September 1998, in which the Croatian Government is censured for failing to take appropriate measures in this regard.
The mother gave birth in her car after soldiers at an Israeli military checkpoint forced her to take a longer route to a Hebron hospital.
These documents were submitted to the Government confidentially, in accordance with established procedure.
The company had been the highest of three bidders for the contract, and the lowest bid was $28,800.
145. United Nations International NGO Meeting on the Question of Palestine [General Assembly resolution
If required, the matter shall be put to the vote and decided by majority vote of the members of the Bureau present and voting.
19. An alarming trend in recent years is the increasing participation, direct and indirect, of children in armed conflict.
Established only two and a half months after the end of the hostilities, the Governing Council had its first meeting two months later, during which I was also appointed.
Currently, there is increasing concern over rapidly growing abuse of psychotropic and volatile substances, not only among the disadvantaged groups of society, but also within new groups, in particular among youth.
In a prior decision in the latter context, the Chamber had rejected the application by the Prosecutor for a stay of all proceedings with respect to the accused referred to in the collective indictment.
The United States reported an average of more than 3,525 detected sites and the resulting seizure of an unknown number of cannabis plants per year between 1992 and 1994.
To this end, we call for close cooperation among the United Nations, and multilateral trade and international financial institutions.
Moreover, the Committee encourages the State party to continue and strengthen its efforts to develop a close partnership with non-governmental organizations.
210. The Committee calls on all parties to ensure implementation of the memorandum of understanding on the normalization of education in Kosovo and Metohija.
Those proposals were not accepted by the Assembly.
Transport of contingent-owned equipment Mililtary airlifts
The centres at Colombo and Manila translated “The International Bill of Human Rights” (DPI/1925/Rev.1) into Sinhala and Tagalog, respectively.
Permanent Representative of the Republic of Tajikistan to the United Nations
In its view, in spite of those constraints, the Committee has striven to limit such cases to a minimum.
Almost 1,000 copies of UNU/WIDER publications were distributed free of charge to developing countries and the media.
A special briefing paper, “Women in Africa’s development”, was produced in conjunction with a major conference on this issue organized by the Economic Commission for Africa.
The Board considers that rather than leaving it to the discretion of the Chief of the Procurement Division, the Member and Observer States should be routinely invited to offer details of potential suppliers so that the vendors in the supplier roster are drawn from as wide a geographical area as possible.
He does not know, nor can he understand, when others talk to him.
Plans of action to strengthen the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights
7. At the 29th meeting, on 13 November, the Russian Federation, on behalf of the Netherlands and the Russian Federation, subsequently joined by France and Ukraine, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Action dedicated to the 1999 centennial of the first International Peace Conference and to the closing of the United Nations Decade of International Law” (A/C.6/53/L.12).
80. Claims from troop-contributing countries that the Administration had yet to accept or reject exceeded $37 million.
The activities in public administration within the Department of Economic and Social Affairs through policy analysis, dissemination of best practices and information, and technical cooperation provide valuable inputs relating to these mechanisms in connection with the work on follow-up to conferences carried out by the various components of the economic and social sector within the Secretariat.
- The first condition is that the concentration is likely to jeopardize competition.
In addition to the lack of will to implement the programmes, in terms of adequate resources, there was poor coordination within the United Nations system.
I look forward to continuing such an open relationship in the future.
Enhanced access to expanding global markets requires efficient production structures capable of meeting increasingly exacting demands in terms of quality, cost and delivery structures on international markets.
Like previous attacks, this new series is in flagrant violation of the sovereignty and independence of Lebanon and constitutes a breach of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, of international law and of basic human rights.
8. Encourages the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to continue to allow the International Committee of the Red Cross unhindered access to all persons detained within the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and calls upon other parties to allow access also;
It also provided resource support at the CARICOM Regional Consultation on Human Resources convened in Barbados, 19–21 November 1996.
Such efforts might include the involvement of respected persons from elsewhere in Africa or from the broader international community.
In the 1997/1998 school year, those activities benefited 984 slow learners, 690 pupils in need of remedial attention and 24 deaf children.
The Engineering Operations Unit, on the other hand, plans engineering aspects for the creation of new missions, for any required adjustments in the internal support arrangements of field missions following mandate changes and for the drawdown/liquidation of reducing/closing missions.
Despite a number of important successes, the inability of the United Nations to restore peace to Somalia soured international support for conflict intervention and precipitated a rapid retreat by the international community from peacekeeping worldwide.
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs would continue to collaborate with UNCTAD in this important area, particularly as a part of its work on the issue of the financing of development.
I have the honour to draw your attention to the attached copies, in English and French, of a statement issued on 31 July by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union on the elections in Cambodia.
50. Note by the Secretary-General (S/1994/254)
132. The satellite communications system was upgraded twice in 1997 so as to allow a more rational division of transponder services between Arusha and Kigali, to provide a direct link between Arusha and Kigali, to expand the capacity for processing traffic with New York by over 300 per cent and to establish a temporary satellite connection with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at The Hague.
36. The Special Rapporteur has observed that mercenarism tends to arise in situations of internal or international armed conflict.
One post is required, in addition to the existing local post, owing to the heavy normal workload, including ad hoc assignments such as the implementation of retroactive salary increases.
Pakistan strongly condemns the excesses of the Indian army and views the recent incident involving United Nations personnel with grave concern.
40. International Educational Development, Inc. is of the view that dissemination of information about these weapons is important for generating the worldwide will to enforce existing standards and may lead to agreements to condemn and/or eliminate specific weapons.
A. Developing a framework for collaboration within the United Nations system
2. A Party may authorize intermediaries to participate, under the responsibility of that Party, in actions leading to the transfer or acquisition, under this Article, of emissions allowed.
The secretariat shall consult with the members of the Commission and the representatives of the organizations and staff on all aspects of the information-gathering process, including the scope of the data and the methodologies to be used for their collection.
OF THE MOVEMENT OF NON-ALIGNED COUNTRIES AND THE GROUP OF 77
Recalling its resolutions 45/458 of 3 May 1991, 47/218 A of 23 December 1992, 48/226 A of 23 December 1993, 48/226 B of 5 April 1994, 48/226 C of 29 July 1994, 49/250 of 20 July 1995, 50/11 of 2 November 1995, 50/221 A of 11 April 1996, 50/221 B of 7 June 1996, 51/226 of 3 April 1997, 51/239 A of 17 June 1997 and 51/239 B of 15 September 1997 and its decisions 48/489 of 8 July 1994, 49/469 of 23 December 1994 and 50/473 of 23 December 1995,
The Working Group recommended that the Secretariat prepare a detailed report on the financial implications of the retroactive implementation of the new procedures and postpone consideration of revised reimbursement rates for major equipment, pending a review to be conducted in 2001.
It may be noted that competition law in the United Kingdom is now going to be reformed.
6. Germany, however, is not quite sure whether the inclusion of “political subdivisions of the State which are entitled to perform acts in the exercise of the sovereign authority of the State” (article 1, para. 1 (b) (iii)) under the term “State” would not unduly broaden the cases where immunity could be invoked.
The investment income of the Fund during the period amounted to $1,655,924,487, comprising $1,227,887,984 in interest and dividends and $428,036,503 in net profit on sales of investments.
Commission members must enjoy immunity from prosecution for defamation.
The budgetary provision of $16,500 ($3,000 per month) is made for broadcasts on international and national television and radio programmes and for the issuance of bulletins and newsletters.
The list of demands set by Israel as a precondition to its redeployment in the territories was rejected by the Palestinians on the grounds that they had honoured all their obligations.
Status of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations
Whether to register individual experts or researchers as observers in the NGO category.
11. Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization, eighth session
Report of the Secretary-General on progress made in the implementation of the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond (resolution 52/83)f
5. Requests the Secretary-General to intensify efforts to mobilize all relevant entities of the United Nations system to provide the necessary financial and technical support to the Institute to enable it to fulfil its mandate;
The Board adopted the report of the Bureau on the credentials of representatives attending the forty-fourth session of the Board (TD/B/44/18).
12. During this period, the minister responsible for media, the Minister of the Interior, was forced to resign by an impeachment vote in the Majlis.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 34/173), A/53/156–E/1998/78.
This project also gathers information on both the locations of mines and casualties.
The sides stressed their readiness to continue to act in full coordination both on a bilateral basis and within the framework of the Commonwealth of Independent States.
He warned that the lives of Turkish Cypriots as well as Greek Cypriots were in danger and asked for assistance (see S/PV.1780 of 19 July 1974).
V. ACTIVITIES IMPLEMENTED JOINTLY UNDER THE PILOT PHASE
58. During 1997, WFP prepared and approved a country programme (CP) for Mozambique.
Subprogramme 27.3 Translation and editorial services
– Prompt and efficient distribution of documents of the Economic and Social Council and its subsidiary bodies as appropriate;
The conclusions of the AG13 at its third session, and any further proposals received from Parties, were seen as providing a useful basis for more substantive deliberations on these elements at the fourth session and as a framework for its work at the fifth session.
6.24 A provision of $50,200 is proposed to cover the cost of consultant services in connection with the migration of data from the UNTIS to a personal computer environment.
The full business plan provided a blueprint for the operation and development of UNPA into the year 2000 and established a review mechanism for achieving specific goals and targets.
52. It should also be noted that the General Assembly, in its resolution 45/158 of 18 December 1990, endorsed the establishment of the Committee on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families.
878. Although acknowledging that efforts have been made to promote awareness of the provisions of the Convention in schools, the Committee remains concerned that insufficient steps have been taken to date to promote awareness and understanding of the principles and provisions of the Convention among both children and adults.
In the months to come, the Department hopes to increase the range of official documentation and public information materials available through its home page, making most of them available either at the same time as, or even earlier than, the printed versions.
19. At its forty-ninth session, the Committee adopted General Recommendation XXII (49) on the application of article 5 to refugees and displaced persons.
A detailed programme will be available one week before the meeting.
(c) Encourage, and facilitate coordination through the provision of information and other measures concerning relevant multiple-source financing approaches, mechanisms and arrangements, such as co-financing, parallel financing, consortia and joint programmes.
The mandates of UNCRO and UNPROFOR were terminated in the latter part of 1995.
In general, a very high proportion of global purchasing power, investment capital, frontier technologies and aid resources remains located in or mobilizable from the developed countries.
Various topics were discussed, including freshwater resource development and management, environmentally sound management of all types of waste, sustainable management, conservation and use of all types of forests, sustainable conservation of biological diversity, and ratification and implementation of international environment agreements of relevance to Africa.
1. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization [151] (A/52/33, A/52/308, A/52/317)
During its consideration of the reports, the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.
21. The second progress report of the Special Rapporteur was presented to the thirteenth session of the Working Group and the forty-seventh session of the Sub-Commission (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1995/27).
Zhuo Feng (China), Ministry of Public Security, Beijing
(d) The reform of the Fund's administrative operations should be based on:
It is hoped, however, that the emerging privatization and commercialization of transit operations will be a strong incentive to achieve more progress in this regard, because the cost-consciousness of all the actors involved is likely to be enhanced.
After peace and security insert disarmament, the question of Palestine, self-determination and decolonization,
6. Stresses the importance of regional efforts aimed at preventing bilateral conflicts endangering the maintenance of international peace and security;
Staff assessment requirements provided for under expenditure line item 19 have been credited to this item as income from staff assessment and are credited to the Tax Equalization Fund established by the General Assembly in resolution 973 A (X) of 5 December 1955.
One third of the Parties present may bar such admission; this barrier has yet to be raised. Constituencies
In response to this request, the Executive Secretary will prepare the note contained in document FCCC/SBI/1997/18.
Most least developed countries have benefited from these plans, whether in the form of ODA debt cancellation, rescheduling of official debts in the Paris Club, commercial debt buy-backs or multilateral debt arrangement.
The amount is due from UNDP mainly because, not having a separate Treasury function, the Office relies on UNDP central services for the custody of its funds and disbursement of its payments.
87. In view of the importance of the interim adjustment and of the need for avoiding over/under compensation, the ICSC secretariat introduced the option of a mini-survey in the methodology to be applied at the specific request of the duty station.
I could go on and on, just as the Ethiopian media goes on and on, hammering in its message day after day.
As a result, although a mercenary may not be involved in developing extremist ideologies that justify the use of terror as a method of intimidation to attain their goals, he becomes a terrorist when, in return for payment, he agrees to become the instrument of terror and carries out, with appalling efficiency, acts which cause death and destruction.
It was noted that the report was being considered by the Committee a few days before the opening of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly.
The lifetime of the activities ranged from below 5 to 25 years, with 5 activities in the below 5 year range, 20 activities in the 6-10 year range, 2 activities in the 11-15 year range,3 activities in the 16-20 year range, and 6 activities with a lifetime of more than 20 years.
Based on the experiences of the World Bank and IMF, and the views expressed in the Standing Committee last year, the Secretary suggested to the Board that the Fund might wish to follow the IMF formula, which required a request from the participant concerned.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
The Department has collaborated with other actors in the production of a logo and related guidelines for the Year; publicizing the Conference and Ageing and Urbanization (29-30 April 1998, United Nations Headquarters); and producing a press kit, poster and conference for the launch of the Year (1 October 1998, United Nations Headquarters).
The Chairman drew the attention of the Committee to the programme of work for the week of 8-12 December.
In resolution 1998/16 of 20 August 1998, the Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities appealed to all States concerned “to intensify efforts to develop awareness of and mobilize national public opinion concerning the harmful effects of the practice of female genital mutilation, in particular through education, information and training, in order to achieve its total elimination”.
UNCTAD should therefore continue to analyse the ways in which conditions in domestic agriculture are affected by the global economic environment and come up with practical and sustainable policy options, including those involving enhancement of market access in the context of assisting developing countries in the formulation of a positive agenda.
C. Information provided by regional and subregional fisheries organizations
The representative of Mexico made a statement.
(b) To welcome also the adoption by the countries of the Latin American and the Caribbean region of the Regional Action Programme and encourages the other regions to accelerate the process of adoption of the regional action programmes;
Eighty-one cases of Rift Valley fever were clinically diagnosed in southern Somalia.
The administrators in the missions wanted to ensure the continued availability of aircraft in the missions to cover such contingencies in environments that suffered from a lack of long-term resource allocation.
X. Action to be taken by the General Assembly Annexes
(c) Implementation of the outcome of the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States;
The United Nations, its specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency, as well as any State not party to this Protocol, may be represented at any Meeting of the Parties as observers.
66. The Advisory Committee was informed that as a result of the staff and budget reductions, UNIDO had released approximately four and one half floors to be taken over by the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization and the United Nations.
97. Spain on 9 June 1998 transmitted for deposit with the Secretary-General the list of geographical coordinates of points for the drawing of the limits of the fisheries protection zone in the Mediterranean Sea established by Royal Decree 1315/1997 of 1 August 1997.
The panel discussion will be moderated by Mr. Nitin Desai, Under-Secretary-General for Economic and Social Affairs.
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]
“The quotable Kofi Annan”, booklet released in English in March and reprinted in July, and released in French in June
22. Such a system will not lead to savings in and of itself.
Then the Commission on Human Rights recommended that a study of "discrimination in the matter of emigration and the right to return to one's country as provided in paragraph 2 of article 13 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights" be undertaken and that "immigration and travel" be deleted from the agenda.
Although the Babri Masjid case can be partially settled by legal means, it must be approached with an exceptional degree of caution and an equally exceptional degree of wisdom.
Finally, within the context of support for balanced development, the Council of Ministers approved in mid-April 1998, LL 68 billion to execute a number of drinking water supply projects in the region of Baalbeck-Hermel.
In this regard, issues of requisite infrastructure, connectivity and access to information were important for developing countries.
In practice, only a very limited portion of the sums appearing in the second column will actually be used to implement projects in 1997.
Jacob L. Ngu (Cameroon), Director, Immunology and Biotechnology Laboratories, Cameroon
A simple example for such a relation with the gross domestic product (GDP) as an additional parameter would be the following:
50. Following the establishment of the Mediterranean and Black Sea regional tolerance network, the Tbilisi Orbeliani Pedagogical University had the UNESCO publication Democracy and Tolerance translated into Georgian.
• 381 (50 per cent) were nationals of five countries (Egypt, France, Spain, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the United States of America), and 378 (50 per cent) were nationals of 83 other countries.
Such assent is usually provided for in an international treaty (for example, in the first Optional Protocol to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights of 1966, or the European Convention for the Protection of Human Rights and Fundamental Freedoms of 1950).
Other methods referred to in the report include beating at various points on the body, sometimes with particular attention to such sensitive areas as the genitalia, and confinement in a small, unlighted cell about the size of a wardrobe.
22. Testimony should be taken from victims and witnesses testifying on their behalf only on a voluntary basis.
The Board's main findings are as follows:
(f) Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Qatar to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/95–S/1998/311);
Hagos snapped instantly and, until this very moment, he is mentally affected.
Approves the second report of the Credentials Committee.
Equally important, the eradication of racism and mass and gross human rights violations, including summary and arbitrary executions, torture and involuntary disappearance, must be the ultimate end of efforts at international and national levels to ensure respect for human dignity;
These efforts are not being made in isolation from other development programmes.
II. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999: supplementary information
50/203 and Follow-up to the Fourth World Conference on 52/100 Women and full implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action
At the same time, many States find that they lack sufficient technical expertise to design and implement countermeasures against drug trafficking and abuse.
UNFPA has also undertaken a study on absorptive capacity and utilization of financial resources among recipient countries, particularly in Africa, in order to identify constraints in project execution. UNFPA intends that clarification of the criteria for selecting executing agencies, as well as the recommendations of the study on absorptive capacity, will enable a practical, systematic approach to national capacity-building.
Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action
However, one member of the group was of the opinion that the Saami hold title to the land in Inner Finnmark.
And as neither the "business-as-usual" nor best case scenarios are expected to come about (but rather some scenario in between), the final increase will end up somewhere between 3.4 and 14 per cent.
An average of those rates may provide a more accurate indication of the cost of the retroactive use of the new procedures.
11. Election-related supplies and services —
As a result of automation and in-house processing and printing, the production time of the Cumulative Index decreased threefold and three sets of indexes (6 volumes in English and French) were issued during 1996-1997 as opposed to one in the previous biennium.
9. Calls upon the Government of Iraq to abrogate all decrees that prescribe cruel and inhuman punishment or treatment, including mutilations, and to ensure that torture and cruel punishment and treatment no longer occur, and also to abrogate all laws and procedures, including Revolution Command Council Decree No. 840 of 4 November 1986, that penalize free expression and to ensure that the genuine will of the people shall be the basis of the authority of the State;
All members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.
Mr. Peter Stormonth-Darling (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)**
In response to resolution 15/3, UNCHS (Habitat) was instrumental in ensuring the inclusion of a human settlements agenda in the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action and a visible gender perspective in the Habitat Agenda.
76. The Board undertook a study to assess the preparedness of the Office for managing the year 2000 issue, which threatens all information systems.
In that resolution, the Assembly requested the Secretary-General “to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session on the steps taken within the United Nations system and with Member States to resolve this problem”.
In accordance with normal budgetary processes, such estimates, when approved by the COP, shall be incorporated into the final approved budget.
The representative of the United Republic of Tanzania made a statement on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee): Wednesday, 10 December, in the afternoon;
COMMISSION ON TRADE IN GOODS AND SERVICES, 19-21 February
5. Operational activities for development: report of the Second Committee (A/52/630) [99].
15. Moreover, appropriate action has been taken for a review of the current status of Montserrat and its designation as a hardship duty station during the September 1998 meeting of the International Civil Service Commission.
Total cash expenditure by UNRWA in 1997 was $281.5 million, of which $252.4 million was for the regular budget and $29.1 million was for projects.
The project would be extended to countries of the Bay of Bengal and the South China Sea to strengthen their MCS at the national and regional levels.
He stressed that efforts even at the national level to institute similar systems had not met with encouraging success on such a broad set of data.
Policy coordination and sustainable development (Part IV, section 7)
In this context, there are initiatives to improve the efficiency of administrative procedures, to ameliorate the dissemination of information to members as well as creditors, to facilitate the participation in the cooperative sector and to reinforce the legal position of the cooperatives.
The spokesman stated that one Palestinian had been seriously wounded and that the two others had sustained slight injuries.
684. The Committee is concerned that insufficient steps have been taken to adequately reflect, in the State report, all the rights provided for in the Convention.
For example, UNICEF works with mayors and municipal governments to promote decentralized planning and management that invites broad participation from all sectors of society.
1. The Expert Meeting stressed the important contribution SMEs can make to the effective functioning of the market economy and to employment, growth and development.
Within each country group, the growth rate for each sector is given a ranking.
Since plywood boards were not available, bamboo mats were framed with bamboo slats to serve as poster display boards.
United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)
Mr. Maurizio Iaccarino, Assistant Director-General in charge of the Science Sector, UNESCO, will give a briefing on “The World Science Conference, 1999" on Thursday, 30 October 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 7.
- over thirty years of experience in conceptualizing the development process and analysing the inter-relationship among issues that affect development without sectoral bias;
The General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that, in the light of decision 52/424 of 12 December 1997, the ceremony for the awarding of prizes in the field of human rights in 1998 should be held on Thursday, 10 December 1998, on the occasion of the celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, in plenary meeting.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the report of the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 46 (A/53/46). as well as the reports submitted by the International Atomic Energy Agency (A/53/478) and the World Health Organization (A/53/483).
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
However, contrary to expectations, the findings suggest that in recent years farmers in countries where the liberalization of prices and marketing institutions has been slower have in general fared better than farmers in countries where agricultural markets have been liberalized.
33. This regulation was the subject of a long discussion in which different views were expressed.
15. The budget for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 included an amount of $5,284,000 to provide for the United Nations share of the one-time cost of termination benefits and redundancy payments for 304 former locally employed civilians in Cyprus.
(a) Delivery of contraceptives to the central warehouse of the Birth Control Programme, which houses products supplied by UNFPA in 1996;
The Organization considers it desirable to consolidate links between OECD and the United Nations, and that observer status in the General Assembly would be mutually beneficial.
(Legislative basis: CCD articles 23 (2) (e) and 22 (2) (g))
(b) To advise on the long-term maintenance and operational requirements of the System in terms of the number and qualifications of staff, infrastructure and communications;
56. Much progress had been achieved in assessing the interaction between environment and sustainable development and the secretariat report (TD/B/COM.1/3) provided an in-depth analytical background of great value.
The focus of this Division will now be on its new mandate by the General Assembly, inter alia, to assist States and international organizations in ensuring consistency of ocean-related legal instruments and programmes with the provisions of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea and related agreements, and to provide to the Assembly an overview of developments and emerging issues in law of the sea and ocean affairs.
4. Decides that gratis personnel should not be sought for positions kept vacant solely for financial reasons;
26. Decision IV/7 adopted a work programme on forest biological diversity which includes activities that the Parties felt important to the implementation of the Convention – activities that would provide a useful contribution to IFF, while avoiding potential overlap.
Quorum for non open-ended subsidiary bodies
Efforts are ongoing to transform the training activities into sustainable income-generating projects, with women controlling management through a home-based approach in Taliban-controlled areas.
C. Restrictive measures justified by action to combat impunity
83. Long-term success can be achieved only if African Governments have the political will not just to enact sound economic policies but also to persevere in their implementation until a solid economic foundation has been established.
At its session in 1996, the Board requested the Secretary, in cooperation with the United Nations Administration, to prepare a study of the short-term logistical requirements of the Fund secretariat and a concept paper describing the present nature of the administrative arrangements between the Fund and the United Nations and with the other member organizations of the Fund, together with an analysis of their adequacy for the Fund's operations over the next 10 years or longer.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the financing of UNMOT (resolution 52/229 and 52/229 B);
Office space provided; personnel, financial, communications and information management infrastructure of IFAD available to support GM, per para. 38
(a) Focus on the elaboration of concrete solutions;
Desirous of ensuring the success of the moratorium:
The Pension Fund is a funded, defined, benefit plan.
231. At its 3rd and 4th meetings, on 1 and 2 June 1998, the Committee considered the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the in-depth evaluation of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme transmitted under cover of a note by the Secretary-General stating his concurrence with the recommendations contained in the report (E/AC.51/1998/3).
- To coordinate activities for intensifying measures to combat organized crime, terrorism and the unlawful distribution and sale of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances;
Recognizing that while it is the primary responsibility of States to attain social development, the international community should support the efforts of the developing countries in eradicating poverty and ensuring basic social protection,
Recently, the Government of Viet Nam, through the Fund, has requested UNCTAD to provide debt management services.
No recommendations were made at that stage.
The second is to preserve archives relating to human rights violations.
Revised cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998
(e) Change in participant growth assumption
We hope to see substantial progress in the form of additional and supplementary measures.
(g) Special session for the purpose of an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21
It was felt that the inadequate participation of developing countries may have a direct link with certain adverse trade effects that may accompany the use of ISO 14001.
91. In response to the call by the Chairman of the Executive Committee of the PLO and President of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, for the convening of the millennial celebration at Bethlehem in the context of a global vision of peace and reconciliation, the Committee has requested the inclusion of an item in the agenda of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly in order to mobilize wide international support for the event.
Perhaps the Special Rapporteur is unaware of the fact that, before the embargo, Iraq used to maintain not less than a one-year strategic stock of medicines and that its regular imports of medicines and medical supplies, despite the stocks indicated, exceeded 500 million dollars.
2. Drug abuse affects all sectors of society and countries at all levels of development.
Minister for the Environment, Science and Technology
Anaemia or beri-beri was mentioned as a contributory cause in 19 of the deaths.
The Team’s special focus is on the legal and human rights of women and children.E/ICEF/1998/5
Following the liberation of Kuwait, the Claimant asserts, it relocated its operations back to Kuwait City.
(b) Activities by Annex II Parties regarding the transfer of technologies.
The SBSTA decided to recommend for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its third session, a draft decision on the development and transfer of technologies, which includes elements relating to agenda sub-item 6 (b) (for the text of the draft decision, see annex I below).
III. RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE
The Committee is especially concerned that this practice provides opportunity for ill treatment and intimidation of detainees.
Switzerland 18 June 1992a 18 September 1992
(v) Balance of the Revolving Fund in excess of $200,000 as at the end of the biennium;
(b) United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon.
Bearing in mind the proposal of twenty-eight delegations to the Conference on Disarmament that are members of the Group of 21 for a programme of action for the elimination of nuclear weapons, A/C.1/51/12, annex. and expressing its conviction that this proposal will be an important input and will contribute to negotiations on this question in the Conference,
In the months since then, nothing new has happened to alter the views expressed in the report.
The Committee welcomes the project entitled "Education for tolerance, education for democracy, human rights, development and peace", set up in 1995 by the Ministry of Education in collaboration with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization.
Member States are urged to adhere to and promote the Convention on the Rights of the Child and to support measures that will avoid involuntary family separation.
Accreditation of non—governmental organizations
Field offices of the United Nations Office for Project Services and OSCE monitoring teams are also coordinating activities related to the implementation of the General Agreement.
Differences in the number of persons engaged which appear in the totals of the tables are the result of the variable count of the engagements against different parameters.
Article 8, moreover, states that each of the persons to be elected to the Commission should individually possess the qualifications required.
The Mission will continue to require close monitoring and substantive guidance from the Division in order to put in place measures to ensure the security of UNOMIG personnel and to enable it to carry out its mandate.
69. The information gathered by the Special Rapporteur confirms that mercenary activity has not abated.
86. From 1 February to 15 March 1998, the Web site had an average of 5,908 user sessions per week; each session lasting an average of 13 minutes.
85. Norwegian People’s Aid has recently increased its operations to include two manual clearance teams that operate in the Suleimaniyah governorate.
d Under the terms of General Assembly decision 50/237 of 7 June 1996, the total assessment on Member States was reduced by $393,829 representing unencumbered balances for the period from 1 April 1994 to 15 May 1995. Schedule 39.1
2. In his subsequent report to the General Assembly of 25 May 1994 (A/48/945 and Corr.1), the Secretary-General indicated that the procedures for determining reimbursement to Member States for contingent-owned equipment provided to peacekeeping missions had become overly cumbersome, both to the United Nations and to the contributing countries (para. 82).
A total of $2.6 million was invested in developing model programmes in Egypt, Mexico, Namibia, Poland and Sri Lanka for 58 companies.
Evaluating and monitoring the effectiveness and effects of specific policies and measures
24. In the preparatory process, the convening of workshops, seminars, round tables and panel of experts focusing on the priority themes may provide many useful ideas in the preparation of documentation and, therefore, should be given appropriate consideration.
8. Further calls upon States to review and revise, where appropriate, laws, policies, programmes and practices to eliminate all forms of sexual exploitation and abuse of children, including commercial sexual exploitation;
1. Rules 158 and 159 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly provide as follows:
(ii) An international seminar on the topic "Implementation of international standards for the rights of women and children in the legislation and practice of independent Turkmenistan";
45. At its 384th meeting, on 22 June, the Committee agreed on the composition of its two standing working groups: working group I, on ways and means of expediting the work of the Committee, and working group II, on ways and means of implementing article 21 of the Convention.
Thus, in crude but very realistic terms, there would appear to be two means of insertion into the world in the process of growing globalization: offering the best market conditions or stating demands.
Segment for high-level participation: the impact of financial crisis on trade, investment and development: regional perspectives
MESSAGE FROM THE SECRETARY-GENERAL OF THE UNITED NATIONS
The existence of highly developed capital markets encourages certain offences such as insider offences.
The representative of WIPO observed that price levels in the border areas of France were catching up with those at Geneva, and that as such, any anticipated savings might in reality not materialize.
The latest edition, entitled “The World Conferences: Developing Priorities for the 21st Century” provides essential information on the follow-up to 12 major UN conferences held between 1990 and 1996.
In October 1997, the three parties signed a memorandum of understanding establishing a tripartite hospital project board, agreeing that an international management team would carry out the pre-commissioning and commissioning of the hospital, which would ultimately become part of the Palestinian Authority health-care system.
(ii) United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (resolution 52/237);
46. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
115. The audit found that certain designated United Nations officials and other staff had failed to exercise due care in their certifying and approving functions.
The Committee was informed that this paragraph reflected the result of the objectives described in paragraphs 15.14 (c) and (d) of the proposed revisions.
96. The Advisory Committee considers the certification process to be an important element in the accountability of implementing partners.
Anxiety over the Agency’s future was reinforced by the views expressed by some parties that UNRWA should hand over its operations following the signing of the Declaration of Principles, and by the perception of many refugees – particularly those outside the Palestinian self-rule areas – that they were being excluded from the full benefits of the peace process.
These savings were partially offset by a higher cost per trip ($1,700) than budgeted ($1,500).
Four separate aviation liability policies were consolidated into a single policy, namely: (a) non-owned aircraft liability insurance policy; (b) non-owned aircraft liability insurance – the United Nations Support Mission in Haiti (UNSMIH) and UNTAES; (c) comprehensive bodily injury/property damage insurance; and (d) mobile equipment (aviation) policy.
A problem in carrying out a study of peak tariffs is that a substantial proportion of peak tariffs are specific rates or combined rates.
In several regions, the Mission organized days of reflection on extended pretrial detention, which allowed for fruitful discussions of ways to remedy the situation. The Ministry of Justice has also taken steps to address the issue.
All these activities will determine the degree of compliance with the resolutions adopted in this regard by the General Assembly and the various bodies of the United Nations system.
16. Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other elections (item 16):
WHO informed the Commission that its opinion on the matter, after consideration by its Expert Committee on Drug Dependence, would be presented to the Commission at a future session.
Between 0940 and 1040 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South and the Western Bekaa at high altitudes.
Room 4 40th meeting 41st meeting 31st meeting
“The efficiency and efficacy of the work of the Fifth Committee is dependent in large part on the quality, usefulness and timeliness of the reports and the assistance provided by the Secretariat, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, the Committee for Programme and Coordination, the Board of Auditors, the Joint Inspection Unit, the International Civil Service Commission, the Pension Board and the Committee on Contributions.
There was also a further 17 small non-Department of Peacekeeping Operations field missions being supported by that Department’s logistics system.
The objective of the meeting was to review current disarmament issues and to explore a common ground for possible joint efforts by the international community to address those issues.
1. The Conference of the Parties may establish such subsidiary bodies as are deemed necessary for the implementation of the Convention.
50. The Committee agreed to review the issue further at its fifty-ninth session.
The Expert Meeting has been structured in such a way as to foster a dialogue.
43. Programme managers were able to achieve these levels, despite reorganizations, zero-growth budgets and changing priorities, by taking resources from other types of programmed outputs.
48 North-East Atlantic Fisheries Commission press release (http://www.maff.gov.uk/inf/newrel/neafc297.htm).
Principle 1: The inalienable right to the truth
(a) The 1961 Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs and its Protocol of 1972, the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances and the 1988 United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances;
They shall refrain from making recommendations on priority among major programmes.
The need for multisectoral joint planning and programming is highlighted, and the elaboration of an integrated framework strategy is recommended for fund-raising purposes as well as for operational activities.
This certainly raises the question of how sustainable the recent recovery will prove to be.
(v) Financial statements should show corresponding figures for the preceding period;
Attempts to include equivalency in the ISO guidelines have not been successful.
72. In Turkmenistan, with the exception of the Russian Orthodox Church, those espousing minority religions and beliefs are said to be subjected to acts of intolerance and discrimination.
The mission’s current mandate is expected to end on 1 August 1998 and a report on the modalities of terminating the mission and on follow-up activities has been requested by the Security Council by 1 June.
They requested that information be provided on the actuarial implications of each possible change, including reduction in the rate of contribution, with a view to preparing for the next Board session a comprehensive, prioritized list of possible improvements that would be analysed in the light of the actuarial situation of the Fund as at the end of 1999.
The provision includes related freight charges at 12 per cent of the total equipment cost ($16,900).
5. Admission of organizations as observers
ANNOUNCEMENT Copies of the revised non-paper prepared by the Secretariat on preparations for the forty-second session of the Commission on the Status of women are available for delegations at the Division for the Advancement of Women (room DC 2-1250). MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS
(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms
The balance-of-payments registered a deficit of US$ 155.6 million in the first quarter of 1998.
Hashish refers to cannabis resin, while marijuana usually refers to the dried parts of the plant.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on the phasing out of type II gratis personnel (A/52/710);
It may be extrapolated that the interdiction rate rose from 13.5 per cent in 1984 to 33.5 per cent in 1995 (also see figure XI).
30. As with youth, the potential of midlife can only be developed in the absence of poverty.
In addition, countries in transition participated in a consultative inter-agency meeting organized by ECE at Geneva in January 1996 on regional monitoring of activities designed to improve the status of women.
7. The current mandate of UNMOT, as expanded by Security Council resolution 1138 (1997), is as follows:
72. Support for the proposed revisions was expressed.
The ILO is working at customizing it to meet their specific requirements in selected areas.
20. Proposal submitted by Germany (A/AC.252/1998/WP.20/Rev.1)
The Ministers then asked “the relevant institutions to develop proposals on ways in which greater cooperation can be achieved, including options for institutional reform”.23
1. Crime prevention and criminal justice [103] (A/52/3*, A/52/ 295, A/52/327, A/52/357, A/52/413, A/52/447-S/1997/775)
(vi) UNCTAD should undertake a study of the export potential of developing countries in the business services sector.
88. The Special Committee recalls the statement by the President of the Security Council on 12 March 1997 (S/PRST/1997/13), which emphasizes that host countries and others concerned must take all appropriate steps to ensure the safety and security of United Nations and associated personnel.
A report on the implementation of that strategy was presented to the General Assembly in document A/C.5/51/1.
At 1605 hours occupation forces fired artillery shells at Ayn Qana.
The cost of diesel fuel is estimated at $0.25 per litre.
A series of videos was produced on these events which were broadcast on children's programmes of national television stations.
In the short term, these efforts are important, particularly in developing countries with export-led growth strategies.UNDP, op. cit., page 19.
2. Statements and comments made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of this item are reflected in the relevant summary record (A/C.5/53/SR.39).
5. Invites Governments to submit the most relevant national legislation, decisions of domestic courts and State practice relevant to diplomatic protection in order to assist the International Law Commission in its future work on the topic “Diplomatic protection”;
70. Togo: There is a need to formulate competition law which would be based on existing legislation and adapted to the Togolese situation.
3. Provision was made in the budget for 147 military pattern vehicles at an average monthly cost of $330 per vehicle, resulting in savings of $582,100 for the purpose of vehicle spare parts.
In accordance with our usual practice, we have also issued a long form report on our audit of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund’s financial statements as provided for in the Financial Regulations.
In a number of countries, the field-level committee functions well, reflecting the substantial engagement of the members of the country team to a system-wide approach.
It follows from the above-mentioned requirements that the threat or use of nuclear weapons would generally be contrary to the rules of international law applicable in armed conflict, and in particular the principles and rules of humanitarian law;
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations
(a) Africa (in particular the Second Industrial Development Decade for Africa);
Item 7 Stock-taking and decisions on further organization of work, including setting time limits on the work of the Committee of the Whole and any consultations.
He issued an invitation to all Nigerians in exile to return to contribute to the process of reconstruction, reconciliation and the conclusion of the transition programme.
(a) To ensure unity of purpose and coherence of action in drug control by the international community, including coordination, complementarity and non-duplication of drug control activities across the United Nations common system.
Legal adviser to the Andean Development Corporation, Caracas, 1986-1988.
Before Iraq’s main BW production plants at Al Hakam and Al Manal were destroyed,39 UNSCOM teams collected 350 samples from equipment, floors, sewage systems and the environment surrounding the facilities.
That planning process was based on historical experience and an analysis of the likely future requirements of the mission, and it was specifically geared to ensure that the right level of support and aviation mix (fixed wing and/or rotary aircraft) was provided.
This financing has leveraged an additional US$ 2,730 million so that a total of US$ 3,258 million is available for climate change projects.
Similarly, adoption of a methodology for assessing collateral damage to third States was considered by some to be rather procedural in nature and should not be viewed as constituting a substitute to finding practical ways and means of resolving the problem.
As at 7 August 1998, replies had been received from 54 States.
The Committee expresses alarm that abortion appears to be used as a method of family planning.
The implementation of this recommendation was endorsed by the General Assembly in section A, paragraph 6, of its resolution 51/225.
(ii) Draft resolutions (A/52/L.14, L.16, L.34, L.36, L. 37)
(d) The statement by the President of the Security Council of 22 February 1995; S/PRST/1995/9; see Resolutions and Decisions of the Security Council, 1995.
32. The Chairperson noted her concern about the situation of women and children in Algeria and that the initial report of that country was under preparation and would be considered by the Committee at one of its coming sessions.
When practicable, the following information shall also be shown:
Statements on points of order were made by the repre- sentatives of Rwanda and Zimbabwe.
UNCTAD could serve as a catalyst in this area, as it had shown in undertakings such as the Africa Connect conference.
74. The Board addresses the disclosure in the financial statements of voluntary contributions in kind in paragraphs 16 and 17 of its report.
Third, it shows how the work of UNU was conducted in cooperation with other United Nations organizations.
45. In order to prepare the compendium referred to in sub-paragraph 10 (b) of the Declaration on Measures to Eliminate International Terrorism, the Secretariat would like to renew its request to those States which have not yet done so to submit information on their national laws and regulations.
“4. He stressed that by now it was abundantly clear no single international organization or country, acting individually, with its own set of policy measures and its own interpretation of events, had any meaningful chance to help steer the world towards greater economic and social stability.
This requires a new BSEC economic agenda for the future in order to meet the challenges of the era of globalization and information, to stimulate economic growth and innovation, to create employment and to build on the synergy that exists between our countries.
OPENING OF THE SESSION (Agenda item 1) 1 - 5 3
The lists of attendance at the seventh session of the AGBM are given in document FCCC/1997/INF.3.
320. The view was expressed that it was necessary to use concrete indicators of performance to measure progress made in the implementation of the Special Initiative and to analyse the lessons learned with a view to more efficient and effective implementation of the Special Initiative.
98. Available data indicate that the average amount of drugs seized per operation is relatively low for cocaine, less than 11 kilograms, which is due to the large number of cocaine shipments by mail. Slightly higher average seizure amounts were achieved in controlled deliveries of opiates, namely, 15.8 kilograms per case, and only for cannabis products did seizure rates equal those of average bulk consignment seizures.
If the ratio is less than 1, then clearly the Base is not an economic operation.
There are 1,150 housing units in the Efrat settlement.
11. The Prime Minister of Japan and the President of the Russian Federation share the view that economic development in the Russian Federation and the integration of the Russian Federation into the international community will contribute not only to the development of bilateral relations, but also to the prosperity of the Asia-Pacific region and of the world as a whole.
The Committee recommends that the proposed new law concerning conscientious objectors ensure their fair treatment under the law and eradicate lengthy imprisonment as a form of punishment.
The deficiencies of the Optical Disk System (ODS) in Vienna were also pointed out.
Mauritius, Morocco and South Africa also reported increasing cannabis consumption.
2. Temporary assistance for meetings required during sessions of the COP, including overtime of conference-servicing and Secretariat staff ($52,000).
330. In the area of coordination, the Committee took note of the actions undertaken in response to the recommendations made at its thirty-seventh session.
As observed by the Special Rapporteur, the broad-basing of the teaching of tolerance, specially in a country with a high rate of illiteracy, is of vital importance.
In addition to presenting its advice on the division of labour at its sixth session, the SBSTA will need to prepare at its seventh session its recommendations to COP 3 on other matters before it, so that the COP can take adequate decisions.
(d) Target values and/or product standards;
“5. One of the main functions of the Board would be to maintain a register of experts (who may be called either settlers, preventers or facilitators of disputes) on the prevention and settlement of disputes and adjustment of situations, composed of names of individuals compiled by the Board itself. It should also include individuals nominated by Member States.
134. Meeting of persons chairing human rights treaty bodies [General Assembly resolutions 46/111 and 49/178]
18. For other beverages, while current stocks, such as those of tea, are low, there is the ever-present threat of much expanded production globally in the years to come.
Although the practice of the Committee under the Covenant and its two Optional Protocols has not produced much material on the interpretation of this clause, it is evident that the Committee has to take the State party’s other international obligations into account when monitoring compliance with article 4, paragraph 1.
IV. INTERIM MEASURES IN LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN6
4. The High-level Mid-term Review focused on the follow-up to the mid-term review exercise with a view to assessing global developments since Midrand, the expectations over the next two years and the future prospects looking forward to UNCTAD X and beyond.
See comments under recommendation (i) above; and annex II, recommendation 7.
While the attempt to streamline the international disarmament agenda in general, and the agenda of the First Committee in particular, encountered difficulties, the introduction of procedural changes proved to be more feasible.
Applied scientific research, demand and supply reduction
The IUCN statutes were adopted, and they provided that States were to become members of IUCN by adhering to the statutes.
An area ripe for greater collaboration, where various NGO actors could be of great assistance, was that of curbing small arms.
32. The chairpersons reiterated the importance of high-quality concluding observations with particular emphasis on the identification of specific recommendations.
5. Reaffirms that the promotion, protection, and full realization of all human rights and fundamental freedoms, as a legitimate concern of the world community, should be guided by the principles of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity and should not be used for political ends;
1426.On the basis of the discussions on the various issues, the following recommendations were formulated by the Chairperson of the Committee:
11. In general recommendation 20, the Committee, inter alia, sought to resolve the problem of impermissible reservations.
The Committee is of the opinion that the Administration should indicate what action has been taken or needs to be taken with respect to all of the recommendations of the Board (see para. 19 above).
Of this total, 56 per cent were for retirees in the Professional and Higher categories and 17 per cent in the Field Service and General Service categories.
34. The Administration is improving its response time to National Committees with the shortening of the card production cycle.
It has also supported initiatives to promote children’s participation, which have focused on the parliamentary process, including children’s elections and parliaments.
33. As of mid-1998, all 3,200 refugees from the Niger had returned from Algeria and Burkina Faso.
FCCC/AG13/1997/MISC.2 Scope and elements of the procedure of any proposed and Add.1 mechanism: Submissions from Parties
Since 1979, USAID had identified three main areas of fisheries assistance priorities: (a) stock assessments; (b) pond dynamics in aquaculture; and (c) post-harvest losses-spoilage and by-catch reduction.
12. More progress has been made for the world’s children in the past decade than in any comparable period in human history.
The provision of $825,000 was made for two rotations of all military contingents at an estimated cost of $750 per person per rotation.
Through education and advocacy, UNIFEM contributes to strengthening the leadership skills of women in governmental and non-governmental arenas, and it trains women’s organizations to monitor and promote the implementation of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
Similarly, in the event of a transplant, the deceased donor must continue to be entitled to respect for his body and his dignity, just as the living donor, who should be protected against any kind of pressure.
(vi) Equipment: Full cost of contractual agreement or firm order placed with the supplier prior to the end of the current year up to the amount provided in the current year’s budget;
32. As to the fourth topic under the agenda item, the role of the Chairman and Vice-Chairman, members of the Commission adopted the same view stated in annex II, paragraph 28 above.
These initial collaborations can help to establish a dialogue between the Government and civil society.
Former paragraphs 1 to 4 would constitute the introduction to the proposal.
Using vaccines donated by UNICEF, UNRWA immunized 211,800 refugee children under age five in the first round and 187,000 in the second.
(d) Recall its mandate to the secretariat to assess the effectiveness of the reporting guidelines and note that the secretariat intends to propose changes to the guidelines for consideration at the ninth session of the SBSTA in November 1998; and
1. Opening of the session by the Chairman of the delegation of Ukraine (item 1).
Nindaga (father of Commander Masasu), his colleague, Kamwanya Bora, his uncle, Mikobi, and a Lebanese friend: arrested on 21 April.
The detailed findings are reported in paragraphs 10 to 46.
(d) The motion proposed by the representative of Lithuania to take no action on the amendments to draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.22 contained in document A/C.1/53/L.58 was adopted by a recorded vote of 60 to 49, with 21 abstentions.
It is the Secretary-General who has been entrusted with the political mandate by the Security Council or the General Assembly and who is responsible for performing the principal political functions (such as good offices, mediation, negotiation, peacekeeping, verification).
However, professional associations play a positive role in ensuring that health professionals comply with certain quality standards.
By decision 1998/263, the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/65, endorsed the Commission’s decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Iraq for a further year and to request the Special Rapporteur to submit an interim report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session and to report to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session.
The Office agrees that such an appraisal is indispensable for staff development, but that it had not been made.
76. Strengthening of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean region (P.77).
7. Advances to executing agencies . 55 - 57 26
12. In order to disseminate experience, information and a popular appreciation of the cultural and historical heritage of the Turkish peoples, the Heads of State called for the further development of exchanges of information and cooperation between the mass media of the Turkish-speaking States and non-governmental organizations.
496. The Committee also notes that there is a lack of awareness and understanding in the State party of the principles and provisions of the Convention.
19. The Board noted that during the biennium ended 31 December 1997, UNEP advanced $15.7 million to 232 supporting organizations for various projects/programmes.
141. Seven additional posts are requested: four P-4 (one Supply Officer-Rations Contracts and three Contracts Management Officers), one P-3 (Supply Officer-General Supply/Letters of Assist) and two P-2 (Supply Officer-Petrol, Oil and Lubricants and Contracts Management Officer).
The soldiers claimed to have opened fire at the van after it had suddenly swerved and hit a soldier, slightly injuring him, which caused them to believe that they were the target of an attack.
"The secretariat" means the secretariat [established under Article 8] of the Convention.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
Amount in millions of United States dollars
Recent statistics on access indicate approximately 800,000 “hits” per week to obtain United Nations information.
Amnesty, the symbol of freedom, was more and more seen as a kind of “down—payment on impunity” with the emergence, then proliferation, of “self—amnesty” laws proclaimed by declining military dictatorships anxious to arrange their own impunity while there was still time.
Concerning the suspension of some publications in all official languages, the view was expressed that all the official languages should be treated equally.
The view was also expressed, however, that many of the “humanitarian” issues addressed in the proposal were not within the expertise of the Special Committee.
● Formulation of targets and indicators about urban patterns flows and environmental quality;
312. The Committee appreciates the willingness of the State party to undertake further measures to ensure that effective mechanisms are put in place for the implementation and monitoring of the Convention at all levels of government including the ward level, through the mandate given to the Ministry of Women Affairs and Social Development.
Some of them are linked together in the International Substance Abuse Epidemiology Network.
For that purpose, it was necessary to promote education programmes on how to deal in a critical and constructive manner with the media.
The leaders of the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan are convinced of the need for and see a real opportunity for further increasingly dynamic growth of multifaceted cooperation between the two countries in the context of strategic partnership.
There would also be provisions setting forth various consequences for non-compliance with obligations, as determined by the Parties.
(e) Assessing the adequacy of the control design;
Among positive measures to achieve sustainable development, several experts noted that access to information is an important factor to promote scientific research and the development of bio-industries in the private sector in developing countries.
The President of the Republic of Serbia and the Government of Serbia, as the most competent state institutions in the Republic, have demonstrated their constitutional responsibility as well as the maximum readiness for all issues in Kosovo and Metohija to be resolved through a direct dialogue without preconditions, in the interest of equality and the well-being of all citizens in that part of Serbia.
Discussions on market-based instruments focused on joint implementation and emissions trading in the context of climate change.
4. Strengthening of the coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief assistance of the United Nations, including special economic assistance [20]:
National authorities must take a leading role in all aspects of the recovery plan.
440. In connection with the implementation of article 7 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party take all necessary measures to ensure the training and education of law enforcement officials, teachers, social workers and students in the prevention of racial discrimination, and to include the teaching of human rights in school curricula.
Environment and sustainable development: Convention on Biological Diversity
The international community must treat human rights globally in a fair and equal manner, on the same footing, and with the same emphasis" (...).
Chapter I, Article 1 of the Charter provides that the main purpose of the United Nations is, inter alia, to develop friendly relations among nations based on respect for the principle of equal rights and self-determination of peoples and achieve international cooperation in solving problems of an economic, social, cultural, or humanitarian character.
Between 0650 and 0745 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Iqlim al-Tuffah and Nabatiyah areas at high altitude.
(ii) For existing landfills, to provide regulations to give an incentive to local, regional and national authorities to implement methane recovery for use as energy (or flaring, if energy use is not feasible) where economically and environmentally feasible;
Tripartite board on recommendations for appointment and promotion
If we conclude that we should pursue a certain field or engage in some project, it would be the role of the expert meeting to oversee how this would be implemented, to try to identify the difficulties, and feed this information back to the Commission, in order to build a sort of permanent body that could really give some added value to the treatment of the subject.
(c) Science and technology for development: report of the Second Committee (Part IV) (A/52/626/Add.3);
B. Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
27. The representative of Switzerland noted that it had become quite common to stress the importance of international investment for development, and the dense network of bilateral investment treaties had been built on this basis.
A. Governance, Responsiveness and Effectiveness 23 - 26 8
In a separate development, it was reported that the Israeli authorities had recently diverted one third of the water intended for Bethlehem to the settlements around the town.
We should be grateful if you would have the present letter, together with the annexed joint declaration, issued as a document of the General Assembly, under item 72 of the preliminary list.
In addition, provision is made for the rental of residential premises in the regional and provincial areas at an average total cost of $45,000 per month ($540,000).
Attention was drawn to missed opportunities for international cooperation in the past, often due to purely political considerations.
The second, third, fourth, fifth, sixth and seventh meetings were convened by the Secretary-General biannually from 1988 until 1994 and, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 49/178 of 23 December 1994, annually since 1995.
12. Many innovative ideas and approaches have been initiated (often out of frustration at failed public sector initiatives) at the grass-root level by the private sector and NGOs to address the needs of the informal sector.
The Office of Internal Oversight Services submitted a draft of the report to the Department of Management on 3 March 1998.
(d) The Fund's codifiers, who were not trained, used their judgement to determine the validity of the signatures and thumbprints of beneficiaries on certificates of entitlement.
When acting as expert, the alternate so designated shall have the same status as an expert, including the right to vote.
• Substantive interaction among commissions and with the Council needs to be further enhanced.
There may be one or more addresses of welcome.
According to Jerusalem police chief Commander Yair Yitzhaki, the bomb contained 300 to 400 grams of explosives packed into a metal case which a “terrorist” had placed inside an unused utilities box.
Additional requirements of $20,300 were incurred from higher actual requirements for commercial freight, including charges related to the shipment of equipment from the mission area to the United Nations Logistics Base.
II. BACKGROUND AND INSTITUTIONAL DEVELOPMENT
Paragraph 84 The Field Administration and Logistics Division issued the Aviation Safety Manual in 1997 and the Aviation Vendors and Aircraft Inspection Checklist in 1998, and is finalizing preparation of the Air Operations Manual and the Aviation Safety Survey Checklist;
33. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.
At 1255 hours Israeli forces directed a number of bursts of fire from 12.7-mm weapons at the area around Qasr Ghandur in Nabatiyah.
Most of the reports under review indicated that Governments and non-governmental organizations were cooperating with respect to the Convention, and a greater awareness of the Convention and its principles had been achieved; however there remained a lack of reliable statistical data relating to several areas of the Convention.
I would like to request all donors to take this into consideration and to strike a balance between their need to earmark contributions and their demand that we perform effectively.
GLOBAL IMPLICATIONS OF THE YEAR 2000 DATE CONVERSION PROBLEM OF COMPUTERS
Annex II Establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the
Central African Republic Jordan Oman Emirates
This goal is being achieved through the establishment of a non-governmental organizations resource and training centre, which is a management and technical support facility that provides much needed advice, assistance, training, equipment, information and know-how in ways that promote cooperation, networking, and cooperative interaction with Governments and among the non-governmental organizations community.
At the policy level, UNDP is engaged, often in partnership with other institutions of the United Nations system, in research activities on linkages between poverty reduction and gender equality and between poverty reduction and inequality, as well as in assessing the impacts of globalization on poverty and resource distribution.
Fifteen per cent of the new additions belonged to four countries (Honduras, Liberia, Panama and Cyprus) offering open registers, commonly referred to as flags of convenience.
Review of the implementation of the Jakarta Declaration for the Advancement of Women in Asia and the Pacific
Several resettlement countries have announced increases in current or future allocations for resettlement of African refugees.
Governments, international organizations and civil society were requested to collect information and raise public awareness on the issue of trafficking in order to better design and improve preventative programmes; consider implementing the recommendations of the Declaration and Agenda for Action of the 1996 World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children (see A/51/385, annex); and establish recovery programmes for children who have been abused.
Noting the analytical report of the Secretary-General on minimum humanitarian standards E/CN.4/1998/87 and Add.1. submitted to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-fourth session,
The first is to establish, preferably as soon as possible, extrajudicial commissions of inquiry, on the grounds that, unless they are handing down summary justice, which has too often been the case in history, the courts cannot mete out swift punishment to torturers and their masters.
Special education grant for disabled children
A. Composite table of replies of Governments . 2
The Fund has also established capacity to undertake a series of thematic natural resource management studies of its portfolio of desertification-related projects and the development of modules to assist in the analysis and replication of successful approaches to development in marginal areas.
6. Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women (D.104).
In hospitals and schools, for instance, it is difficult to measure outputs accurately.
(g) Reach its recommendations by consensus.
I have the honour to refer to article 21 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, according to which the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, established pursuant to the Convention, “shall, through the Economic and Social Council, report annually to the General Assembly of the United Nations on its activities”.
40. The removal of tens of thousands of landmines in Somalia is a prerequisite for peace and reconciliation and for the reintegration and rehabilitation of refugees, internally displaced people and ex-combatants.
No services will be available in the Delegates’ Dining Room complex on Friday, 28 November 1997.
Pre-session information briefing An informal pre-session information briefing on matters before the Executive Board at its first regular session for 1998 (26-28 and 30 January 1998) will take place on Friday, 16 January 1998, at 10 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
59. At the 22nd meeting, on 3 November, the sponsors orally revised operative paragraph 7 of the revised draft resolution by inserting the words “the provisions of” before the words “the Convention”.
42. ISAR does not support the approach of providing for the anticipated expenditures over the life of the related operations, since it is inconsistent with the requirement to recognize an environmental liability when there is an obligation on the part of an enterprise to incur an environmental cost, as set out in paragraph 22.
30. The Chairperson informed the Committee that she had written to those countries that were not yet parties to the Convention, urging ratification by the year 2000.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/792 and A/52/815) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/868).
9. The consolidated negotiating text prepared by the Chairman and contained in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/7 will help focus the work of the eighth session and provide the basis for the completion of the protocol or another legal instrument.
He went on to testify that “Over 1,000 ‘comfort women’ had been forcibly drafted under my direct command alone.
The Chairman will provide further information on the precise dates of the fifth session once the outcome of the discussions by the Bureau of the Conference of the Parties on this matter is known.
The commitment under paragraph 2(b) above of Parties acting under this Article shall be inscribed in Attachment 1.
Transport Corridor-Europe-Caucasus-Asia (TRACECA) projects proposals 1998-1999
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (d) of agenda item 95.
The global programme on methodology and policy development responds to the need of the international community for advanced methodologies and coherent policies in drug control.
Report of the Economic and Social Council [12]:
(b) Review the need for starting an operating reserve in accordance with administrative instructions (para. 20);
We are studying the possible creation of an international radio broadcasting service, which would put cost-effective information delivery at the disposal of the entire United Nations system, particularly in support of peacekeeping and humanitarian emergency operations.
In Italy, experimental use of injectable morphine for treatment of opiate addicts was authorized during the period from 1980 to 1985.
Status of implementation of the Performance Appraisal System in the Organization
17. At the 6th meeting of the AGBM, on 31 October, on the basis of proposals by the Chairman of the AGBM contained in documents FCCC/AGBM/1997/CRP.1/Rev.1 and Add.1, CRP.2, CRP.3 and CRP.4, the Group approved the texts therein for incorporation in the revised text under negotiation (see document FCCC/CP/1997/2).
Two daughters of UDPS leader Mukuna were raped on 12 March.
In addition, it is important that, in the coordinated follow-up, no single issue receive special attention over others.
or Ms. Maria Teresa Rubin: Tel. (39.6) 5459.2394
Against the appropriation of $308,096,900 gross ($301,964,900 net), actual expenditures recorded amounted to $302,328,300 gross ($297,761,200 net).
40. Several expert papers underscored the importance of countering the negative public perceptions of migration and emphasized the very significant contributions made by migrants to their host societies.
(d) United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research.
The food industry accounts for one sixth of all tariff peaks in the US and these also fall mainly into the 12 to 100 per cent range.
THE 71ST MEETING OF THE GOVERNING COUNCIL, HELD ON 1 OCTOBER 1997 AT GENEVA
50. Heroin abuse was reported by Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Oman, Syrian Arab Republic and United Arab Emirates.
50. The point was raised that awareness of the importance of small and medium-sized enterprises to the economy may well be better understood at the international than at the national or regional levels and that this situation needs to be redressed.
DIALOGUE ON STRENGTHENING INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION FOR DEVELOPMENT
The first edition of a Compendium of Best Practices was being finalized, and statistical brochures were produced for each African country profiling the status of women.
Despite the existence of a protocol between the Ministry of Justice and the Ministry of Women’s Affairs, there appears to have been no adequate judicial response to violence against women.
(d) The proposed programme of work of ITC would be reviewed by the intergovernmental bodies concerned;
5. Requests the Special Committee to follow the implementation of the present resolution and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.
26.11 Under the current arrangements for conference services in Vienna, a common interpretation service is provided by the United Nations to the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organization and joint meetings and language and documentation services to UNIDO and CTBTO.
Debt-for-equity swaps Other debt-for-development swaps
Data on productivity levels relative to the United States showed that, at the aggregate level, there had been no progress in closing the gap; this was because the rapid productivity gains in the capital-intensive, resource-based sectors had been offset by declining productivity in the remaining sectors.
“3. Determines that all legislative and administrative measures and actions taken or to be taken by Israel, the occupying Power, that purport to alter the character and legal status of the occupied Syrian Golan are null and void, constitute a flagrant violation of international law and of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949, and have no legal effect;
At its 1698th and 1699th meetings, on 30 and 31 July 1998, the Committee considered the draft of its twenty-second annual report, covering its activities at the sixty-first, sixty-second and sixty-third sessions, held in 1997 and 1998.
4. International cooperation in combating transnational crime: new challenges in the twenty-first century.
49. For heroin, the share of reporting countries increased even more significantly, from 51, or 45 per cent of all reporting countries, in 1980, to 97, or 75 per cent, in 1995.
2. Owing to the nature of the item, the Secretary-General further requests that it be allocated to the Fifth Committee.
Emphasizing the importance of the observance of environmental norms in the preparation and implementation of disarmament and arms limitation agreements,
58. WHO participated actively in the preparation of the Pan African Ministerial Health Conference (Cairo, June 1998) on the follow-up to the Harare Declaration on Malaria Prevention and Control in the Context of African Economic Recovery and Development by providing a technical paper on malaria.
(ii) one staff member (P-4) to be financed from unearmarked contributions to the trust fund;
These items are organized into one annual (1-5 June) and two regular sessions (26-28 and 30 January and 8-11 September).
The topics of the panels will be: (1) women and armed conflict; (2) human rights of women; (3) the girl child; and (4) violence against women.
Indonesia United Kingdom of Great Britain
As provided in section II, paragraph 10, of General Assembly resolution 2205 (XXI), the report is being submitted to the Trade and Development Board for comments or recommendations.
The means to commit offences has changed, with electronic fund counterfeits, industrial espionage and other telecommunications fraud operating on a global scale.33
3. Papers of these organizations shall be issued only in the languages of original submission and shall be submitted in a sufficient number of copies for distribution to the Conference.
Indeed, we are not simply orienting our policies towards a diversified economy, we are actually creating it - a varied economy based on high-level technologies and the principles of self-development.
Based on fuel consumption of 750 litres per hour at $0.3583 per litre, plus oil and lubricants at 10 per cent of the fuel cost.
The Programme is presently pursuing compensation from the banks involved in the case.
It is worried about the insufficiency of measures to prevent and combat this phenomenon, and the lack of rehabilitation measures.
All interested delegations are invited to attend.
Welcoming the accession of the Republic of Mozambique to the 1951 Convention relating to the Status of Refugees United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545. and its 1967 Protocol and its ratification of the Organization of African Unity Convention governing the specific aspects of refugee problems in Africa of 1969, Ibid., vol. 1520, No. 26363.
36. In Spain, the Department of Economic Policy and Competition (Direccion General de Politica Economica y Defensa de la Competencia) represents Spain in international forums and has been involved in bilateral activities with many countries, in particular with Mediterranean countries, Central and Eastern Europe, the Far East, etc.
6. In a subsequent report dated 28 October 1997 (S/1997/827), the Secretary-General informed the Security Council that additional measures were needed to improve preparedness for medical emergencies and to enhance the security of the military observers.
Additionally, in view of the comparatively larger amounts and risks involved, the question of losses relating to aircraft and vessels has been kept out of contribution agreements and left subject to negotiation between the Organization and troop-contributing countries.
As part of the implementation of the African Decade for Education and the “basic education for all” component, a tripartite accord was signed on 24 July 1997 by OAU, UNESCO and the International Foundation for Education and Self-Help for a programme of support to educational rehabilitation in Africa”.
(c) International and global issues of the day – economic, political and social.
. Periodically review indicators and add, delete and modify as needed.
In addition, UNFPA will request clarification from the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (Financial and Budgetary Questions) regarding the disclosure of the value of non-expendable project equipment by both the funding agency and the executing agency.
In accordance with rule 68 of the rules of procedure, the representatives of the State party were present at the meetings, introduced the report submitted by their Government and replied to questions and comments made by members of the Committee.
In general, existing systems, along with data gathered independently in certain organizational units, can be the initial focal points for building the database required to develop a cost-accounting system.
He said further that it would remain the task of the Department of Public Information as a whole to supply other forms of straightforward factual material to the news media.
Annex I Agendas of the organizational and resumed organizational sessions for 1998 and the substantive session of 1998
Establishment of a Committee of the Whole and allocation of its tasks
In addition, the Administration had accepted claims amounting to $7.3 million in respect of UNOSOM, a mission in liquidation.
688. The Committee is concerned about the inadequacy of measures taken to incorporate education about the principles and provisions of the Convention fully into the training given to professionals working with and for children, including judges, lawyers, law enforcement personnel, teachers, social welfare officers, doctors and other health professionals, as well as personnel working in child-care institutions and officials of the central and local administrations.
A fixed-wing aircraft, AN-26, is to be used as a utility aircraft for shuttle operations and transportation of cargo under the central support provided to all the operations in the Former Yugoslavia.
Prior period charges pertaining to UNMIH.
• Follow-up to the work of the task forces should also include the use of networks of United Nations system organizations.
3. The Committee decided to keep Bosnia and Herzegovina on the list of countries subject to the urgent procedure and to send a letter to the authorities of Bosnia and Herzegovina to inform them that the Committee will examine the situation of their country at its fifty—third session, in August 1998, and that it wishes to meet a delegation from the country at that time.
I have the honour to draw your attention to the statement made on 17 December 1998 by the President of Belarus concerning the missile and bomb strikes against Iraq (see annex).
The budget provides $580,300 for an average of 35 United Nations Volunteers during the five-and-a-half-month period.
The total requirements are estimated at $130,500 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $268,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
80. The present report is based on information from a variety of sources.
360. On 10 October, the Syrian Defence Minister, Mustafa Tlass, warned of a potential explosion in the Middle East because of what he described as the policies of aggression pursued by Prime Minister Netanyahu’s Government.
Governments should initiate public awareness campaigns on the adverse health, social and economic consequences of ATS abuse, in order to counteract misleading information and erroneous perceptions often conveyed by the media (see paragraph 14 above).
2. Draft report (United Nations International Drug Control Programme)
Lee Solsbery, International Energy Agency
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the opportunity to resume its dialogue with the State party.
The Advisory Committee points out that the methodology used by the Secretary-General in recosting of the impact of exchange rates fluctuations is in conformity with the previous recommendation of the Committee that the Administration should use such operational rates of exchange in its recosting exercises as would allow for the lowest estimates.
(b) Provision for delays in the collection of assessed contributions
The head of each governmental organization must ensure that a proper internal control structure is instituted, reviewed and updated to keep it effective.
Since there were no methodological issues under this sub-item that needed to be addressed at the current session, there was, therefore, no need for an input from the SBSTA.
It was hoped that this rather old problem could be resolved.
2. At its opening meeting, the Expert Meeting elected the following offiicers to serve on its Bureau:
The second series of meetings was therefore attended by John de Saram (Sri Lanka), who acted as Chairman, Absa Claude Diallo (Senegal) and Dato’ Abdul Majid Mohamed (Malaysia).
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 138.
Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues
34. In addition, provision of $12,700 is made to cover the cost of commercial communications during the period from 17 April to 12 July 1998 in connection with the strengthening of the Office of the Special Envoy.
These programmes aim at initiating and promoting linkages between the informal and formal sectors of financial institutions in member countries.
11. Review of the Statute of the Administrative Tribunal of the United Nations (item 156).
110. The Asia and Middle East Unit is responsible for the day-to-day financial management of UNIFIL, UNDOF, UNFICYP, UNIKOM, UNMOT, UNMOGIP, UNSCO, UNTSO, UNSMA, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cambodia and the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus.
(a) Audit reports had not been received from Governments and non-governmental organizations in respect of programme expenditure totalling $83.1 million.
The other major import market is the United States (15 per cent).
IX. Multidisciplinary United Nations Mission
The decision on pensions was taken after an in-depth analysis of pensions at six duty stations.
The Committee expresses serious concern at what would appear to be a slow pace of introduction of new technology to process a number of functions in the office.
As stated in paragraph 14 of resolution 1145 (1997), the Support Group will assume responsibility for those UNTAES personnel and United Nations-owned assets needed for its use in fulfilment of its mandate.
WFP has invested $2.5 million in the project for a period of two years.
contained in paragraphs 26 and 27 of the statement of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/4), as well as other adjustments amounting to approximately $2.5 million have been taken into consideration in adjustments to standards.
(g) To support the promotion of South-South cooperation.”
It was considered of particular interest to see how government support could lead to the development of a successful export sector.
Work on the development of a policy for the further expansion of the optical disk system was in progress.
4. Significant convergence of views has emerged that any decision of the General Assembly on the issue covered by the mandate of the Open-ended Working Group should enjoy as broad support as possible by the United Nations membership.
D. Investigation reports (department/investigation subject)
The Committee resumed its consideration and heard statements by the representatives of Iraq, Turkey, Albania, Pakistan and the Russian Federation.
At the time of writing, the Council had granted consultative status to 1,215 non-governmental organizations (General category: 79; Special category: 489; Roster: 647).
The Council affirms that relevant specialized agencies and bodies and institutions of the United Nations system, as well as other relevant intergovernmental organizations whose activities deal with human rights, play a vital role in the formulation, promotion and implementation of human rights standards, within their respective mandates.
Both were bonded (3 million Kenya shillings each) before a Kenyan Magistrate on 3 December, 1997, to answer the charges.
UNCTAD's objective in this respect would be to facilitate access to modern trade finance, payment and risk management products and services for traders in developing countries and transition economies.
At the time, there had not been the benefit of an entity comparable to UNFIP that could signal to interested United Nations organizations what the specific priority thematic areas of interest to the Foundation were or that could provide guidance in that funding effort.
He hopes that the Colombian Government will continue its efforts to implement the other recommendations.
Letter dated 13 March 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
21. The subject of traditional practices has been a concern of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities for almost 20 years.
2. International drug control [104] (A/52/3*, A/52/127, A/52/296, A/52/336, A/52/413, A/52/447-S/1997/775*, E/1997/48)
Closely related to the General Fund but accounted for separately are the United Nations Working Capital Fund and the United Nations Special Account, the financial results for which are shown in statements VI and VII of the accounts.
The Department is, at the same time, developing new responses to the changing implementation modalities resulting from national execution.
Moreover, loans make MFIs more independent and open the door to a much larger pool of money.
The detailed breakdown of the reduced cost estimates for contingent personnel is shown in of annex II.8.
The 1960 partnership State was destroyed in 1963 by the Greek Cypriot side. This was also an attempt to destroy the balance between Turkey and Greece which culminated in the 1974 coup designed to annex the island to Greece.
Fourth stage 5. This was when the international community realized the importance of combating impunity.
Many centres also dealt with the question of Palestine in their periodic newsletters and bulletins, issued special information materials in local languages, and made relevant documents available.
The Board therefore decided to recommend to the Assembly an amendment to the Regulations of the Fund to provide for a divorced surviving spouse's benefit.
Owing to political uncertainties, many residents maintain bank accounts abroad.34
This allowed a rich exchange of views on commercial and non-commercial issues in the health sector.
International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People
This project is in development for the longer term.
89. However, the key developments in information technology in the last eight years have been the networking of computer systems and the technologies associated with the Internet.
With regard to the Secretariat’s responsibility, I am of the view that the oft-proclaimed priority attached to the development of Africa should at least be reflected in the existence of a suitable support office equipped with the appropriate resources.
The Committee’s review of the functions of these 12 posts led it to conclude that the establishment of all 12 posts for the Situation Centre is not warranted for the next budget period.
III. The European Union, which is founded on the principles of liberty, democracy, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms and the rule of law, shares the values in which the Declaration is rooted.
When full access was finally granted on 30 March, it was estimated that more than 350,000 persons in rebel-controlled areas of Bahr Al Ghazal and 30,000 in Government-controlled areas were suffering from serious hunger.
In summary, there has been commendable progress during recent years with regard to the political commitment of both land-locked and transit countries to enhance the regulatory framework for cooperative transit arrangements at the subregional level.
453. At its 383rd meeting, on 6 February 1998, the Committee took the following decisions on the basis of the report of Working Group II (CEDAW/1998/WG.II/3 and Adds.1 and 2; CEDAW/C/1998/I/WG.II/WP.4) and took the following action.
The above-mentioned activities are meant to serve the requirements of applied research and researchers, focusing on securing the priority needs of Lebanon.
1. Brazil reiterates its position that discriminatory trade practices and extraterritorial application of domestic laws run counter to the need for promoting dialogue and ensuring the prevalence of the principles and purposes of the Charter of the United Nations.
60. The Advisory Committee notes a considerable rate increase for worldwide third-party liability coverage of vehicles in several missions (for example, UNIKOM and UNIFIL), while in others the resources budgeted appear to be sufficient (for example, UNDOF).
Chapter IV. Conclusion and general terms of the project agreement (A/CN.9/444/Add.5)
The two companies will participate in curriculum development, assist partner institutions in acquiring instrumentation for training laboratories and support clients from developing countries to participate in the training programme.
Note verbale dated 10 July 1998 from the Permanent Mission of Turkmenistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/174)
In addition, it was found that the use of locally recruited special service agreement personnel provided both greater flexibility and reduced costs when compared with the original option of relying on major contractual support.
5. Special economic, humanitarian and disaster relief assistance.
The Informal Working Group met from 2 to 4 December 1996.
Review of the implementation of the Convention.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
As above, access is on a first-come, first-serve basis and downloading to diskette is strongly encouraged.
Delegations of various countries indicated that law reform projects based on the provisions of the Model Law were currently under way in their countries.
Finance 213. As at 31 December 1997, pledges to the Endowment Fund, operating and specific programme contributions made by 54 Governments and 136 other benefactors totalled some $346.1 million, of which $315.6 million had been received.
participation of NGO representatives at intergovernmental subregional meetings, and the strengthening of NGO capacity to contribute to the subregional process (USD 300,000 comprising USD 80,000 for travel of NGO participants, USD 20,000 for travel of staff and USD 200,000 in grants).
The production of a single automobile model, for example, or global trading in a financial instrument, may be physically dispersed across many countries.
28. Income from miscellaneous sources for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 was $89,647,000 (schedule 2).
The Special Representative expressed the gravest concern about the targeting of civilian populations and sites throughout the country.
The application on the merits of the case is pending before the Tribunal, awaiting the submission of a written Counter-Memorial from the Republic of Guinea.7
Universal Declaration of Human Rights, 50th anniversary press kit cover released in English and French in December 1997
ILO Tripartite Declaration of Principles Concerning Multinational Enterprises and International
A barracks overlooking the border town of Khiam was built in 1933 to house the troops of the Mandatory Power of that time, France.
The report, entitled “Torture as a routine: GSS interrogation methods”, stated that the torture of Palestinian interrogees was common daily practice.
Meetings Dates Expert Meeting on Government and Private 23-25 July Sector Roles and Interactions in SME Development
29. There are still difficulties with this issue, which stem from roster-sharing with UNDP and the United Nations Population Fund.
It was emphasized that the committee, should it be established by the Commission, would act only to assist the Committee of the Whole in carrying out its responsibility to vet all draft resolutions.
9. The second regional meeting was the tenth regional disarmament meeting in the Asia-Pacific region, held at Kathmandu from 22 to 24 February 1998.
1. The right to a fair and effective remedy 26 — 29 7
Furthermore, the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned, to which reference is made in the fourth preambular paragraph of the resolution it adopted on 12 August 1998 (see also para. 11 below, fifth preambular paragraph).
(b) To ensure for journalists the free and effective performance of their professional tasks and condemn resolutely all attacks against them;
7. The UNPREDEP civilian component has an authorized strength of 203 personnel (76 international and 127 local) and 26 civilian police.
Ratification: Canada, Ireland and Mauritius (3 December 1997)*
The Meeting of the Parties to this Protocol shall keep under regular review the implementation of this Protocol and shall make, within its mandate, the decisions necessary to promote its effective implementation.
An examination of the health services sector by an Expert Meeting held in June 1997 in Geneva indicated a number of challenges and opportunities for developing economies in increasing their supply capacities and expanding their trade in this sector.
Procurement plan to be drafted to cover estimated requirements over the next 12-month period
Paragraph 2.21 After paragraph 2.21, add a new paragraph 2.22 as follows:
The persistence of corporal punishment and its acceptance by the society and instances of violence committed by law enforcement officials against abandoned or "vagrant" children are matters of serious concern.
The Special Rapporteur has received reports of organized crime networks using children in various capacities.
Letter dated 4 August 1998 from the Permanent Representative
We also have much of the operational capacity to do so.
The following specific problems were encountered:
The CARICOM was also represented at the Second Regional Meeting on Drug Control Coordination and Cooperation in the Caribbean, organized by UNDCP, and held in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic, 8–9 December 1997.
Priority activities included leading inter-agency missions on assessment and monitoring visits to identify the most urgent needs of the country or population concerned.
6. Following the adoption of the resolution, statements in explanation of position were made by the representatives of Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), Poland, Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Cuba.
Other information on investments in climate relevant sectors is available from the Global Environment Facilty (GEF) and the DAC of the OECD.
25-ton press Engine hoist Transmission stands/jack
Reaffirming that the codification and progressive development of international law contributes to the implementation of the purposes and principles set forth in Articles 1 and 2 of the Charter of the United Nations,
They are detrimental to the population, to whom they cause severe harm and untold suffering.
With regard to gender, 28 per cent of those engaged were women.
In previous decades, Governments looked forward to long periods of national reconstruction, economic growth and a wider sharing of prosperity.
Guided by our true religion and our tolerant Shariah, and prompted by the purposes and aims of the Charters of the League of Arab States and the Gulf Cooperation Council;
6. The statement also provides a breakdown between general-purpose and special-purpose funds for the biennium 1996–1997.
(Signed) Nasser AL-KIDWA Permanent Observer of Palestine
It should also contain information on the activities of the GM, its staff and the use of its resources as well as on those of IFAD.
“Complete packages may be overpacked in accordance with the provisions of 13.9: such an overpack may contain dry ice.”
V. Accounts for the year ended 31 December 1997
79. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, eighteenth session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]
7. Requests all States and the relevant international organizations to communicate to the Secretary-General their views on the maintenance of international security – prevention of the violent disintegration of States;
Therefore, it is strongly urged that serious consideration be given to the need to upgrade the majority level required for the extension of new permanent members as near as possible to the level applied during the initial elections. Annex XXVIII
21. In promoting the development of indigenous capability, seven long-term fellowships will be awarded for the in-depth training of individuals from developing countries in the areas of space antennas and propagation; remote sensing information systems; remote sensing instrumentation; photogrammetry and remote sensing; and geodesy and cartography.
2.0.3 (c) Delete "and related" after "self-reactive".
260. On 24 June 1997, the results of the actuarial calculations were communicated by the Secretary to the Permanent Mission of the Russian Federation to the United Nations, for transmission to the Government in Moscow.
At the end of the conflict, WFP shifted its interventions from emergency operations towards assistance provided to local micro-projects.
It has also meant intense discussions at all levels with interested Member States and the drafting of frequent and complex reports to the Security Council.
1. The Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People convened the Seminar on Assistance to the Palestinian People in accordance with its mandate to promote international support for and assistance to the Palestinian people during the transitional period.
Of these students, 130 graduated between 1993 and 1997, while 32 of the recipients were still pursuing their studies in the 1997/1998 academic year.
51. The Commission was reminded that, at its thirtieth session, it had been suggested that the chapter dealing with general legislative considerations should elaborate on the different legal regimes governing the infrastructure in question, as well as on the services provided by the project company, issues concerning which there were significant differences among legal systems.
Federación Provincial de Comunidades Aymaras “Aymar Markas”
In return, the children, some as young as 11, are forced to deal drugs on the street to pay off their “debt” to the smugglers.
Between 1205 and 1325 Israeli warplanes overflew the South at different altitudes.
84. Problems are further compounded by constantly changing and innovative forms of recruitment strategies and varying modes of deception, coercion and force employed in the process.
At 1710 hours an Israeli gunboat off Rashidiyah fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
India looked forward to hosting the regional seminar on international investment agreements early in 1998.
On 2 February, 200 families were expelled from their homes by members of the armed forces who seized their legally acquired belongings, near the Police Training Centre in Matadi, in the town of Mont Ngafula.
Reporting the emissions of these gases on a mandatory basis is a new requirement of the FCCC guidelines which was properly followed by all Parties.
The office will involve OAU in the various cultural activities it will be organizing in celebration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
Between 2010 and 2020 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South, the coastal Shuf area and the Western Bekaa and released heat balloons.
The representative of Haiti made a statement.
Experts have been invited to prepare papers on the basis of the issues and questions raised below.
Based on 7.5 per cent of the total value of United Nations-owned equipment.
The rate achieved in 1997 was insufficient to increase the purchasing power of households, to produce new business investment or to adjust public finances.
The Japanese authorities should stop hanging onto such foolish manoeuvres as playing tricks and making plots, while ridiculing the conscience of the world by wearing the mask of the victim.
Those methods might include availability charges, whereby the operating company was paid for the services made available, regardless of actual usage; service charges relating to satisfactory maintenance and operation; and volume-related payments, whereby payments related to the intensity of usage, which might be calculated with the aid of sophisticated methods for measuring performance, and functioned as a bonus paid to the operator for intensive usage of the infrastructure.
(e) Arrange for the custody and preservation of the documents of the session; and
The guidelines aim to help managers shift from a relatively passive emphasis on administrative procedures to a more active concern with client satisfaction and results.
92. Water-borne diseases are on the rise, mainly because of poor water supply infrastructure (only 26 per cent of rural households have access to clean drinking water), poor sanitation conditions (only 6 per cent of rural households use latrines) and also because of certain individual behaviours.
4. Annual report of the Director-General on the activities of the Organization in 1997, including progress report on specific activities (Article 11.6 of the Constitution)
45. In introducing the draft resolution, the representative of the United States of America orally revised it as follows:
152. Armed conflicts have their roots in structural inequities and various practices of exclusion and marginalization.
The 1996–1997 achievement represents a $125,175,696, or a 16 per cent increase over the value delivered in the biennium 1994–1995.
They suggested that the masters of ships should be instructed to report incidents promptly to the competent authorities of the coastal States concerned so that action might be taken in an efficient manner.
The impact of the restructuring on their work has entailed a noticeable reduction of human resources assigned to the treaty bodies in terms of numbers of staff, as well as a loss of essential expertise and institutional memory.
2. Requests the administering Power, the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to continue to provide the territorial Government with all required expertise to enable it to achieve its socio-economic aims;
Political opposition, a free press and independent institutions of civil society are respected by the Government.
Rule 27 of the draft rules of procedure provides that “each subsidiary body shall elect its own Vice-Chairman and Rapporteur”.
UPU and the World Bank undertook a collaborative study in 1996 entitled “Redirecting mail: postal reform”.
36. The Administration informed the Board that it had initiated steps to address some of the factors contributing to the low programme delivery.
The health services sector, like any other services sector, was affected by the globalization of markets and technological development.
The Chairman of the Committee drew the attention of the Committee to the programme of work for the week of 24-28 November.
59. WHO and OAU collaborated on the evaluation of the Pan African Emergency Training Centre, which was followed by the initiation of the Emergency Health Training Programme, whose role was to strengthen regional and national capacity in emergency health management.
As at 31 December 1977, the inventory of non-expendable equipment purchased with funds from the Office’s administrative budget had a value of US$ 3,912,836.
19. The Special Rapporteur fears that these murders are part of a systematic attack on the independent leadership of Shi’a Muslims in Iraq.
The Advisory Committee, therefore, does not recommend the establishment of the requested additional post for the Section.
(c) Receiving and recording of payments (number of cash receipts)
METHODOLOGICAL ISSUES RELATED TO INVENTORIES
While many SME support services, including leasing of equipment, legal and accounting services, marketing, etc., could be commercialized, the Government retains a prominent role in the provision of business support programmes and services, particularly for business start-ups, as well as with regard to financial support, contact services, general advice and information, and basic managerial and vocational training.
Although SIAS is being implemented in a way which involves the community and its political and social leaders, after decades of exclusion, it is important to mention that the efficacy of the system depends on proper coordination with the second level of care, the health centres, which is not yet fully in place to handle SIAS referrals.
Average annual output per worker in the private sector is about $7,000 and evidence shows that output per worker increases with greater amounts of capital invested per worker.
The task of strengthening government accounting systems and procedures is most appropriately undertaken by development and financial institutions, including multilateral organizations such as the World Bank, the IMF and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
No discussion on such motions shall be permitted, and they shall be put to the vote immediately.
8. The following officers were elected to serve on the Bureau of Sessional Committee II:
Another said that the functions of the United Nations information centres were far broader than their serving as mere depositories for documents.
It will build on the work achieved at the first two conferences, held in Edmonton, Canada in 1992 and Sydney, Australia, in 1994. The conference will provide a forum for indigenous peoples worldwide to network and share resources, research and information concerning the prevention and treatment of issues relating to psychoactive substances.
Title of thesis "Some suggestions for statutory intervention in the sphere of administrative law of Sri Lanka".
Provision is made for the replacement of electronic data-processing equipment, since the cost of having it repaired exceeds the cost of replacement.
At present, UNBIS includes, for the period 1946–1997, resolutions of the General Assembly, Economic and Social Council, Security Council and the Commission on Human Rights, as well as documents of the International Court of Justice.
That was particularly felt with respect to the themes relating to poverty alleviation and environment and sustainable development.
6. The approach adopted by UNCTAD with regard to trade efficiency was based on the assumption that the information revolution, which was reshaping the way value was created and distributed, widened the accessibility of strategic technologies and allowed dramatic productivity improvements, even in capital- and technology-scarce environments.
14. Each concluding comment is internally balanced, and the Committee strives to achieve consistence and balance, particularly in terms of praise and expressions of concern, among the concluding comments elaborated at each session.
471. The Committee recommends that the Government undertake a comprehensive review of the national legislation to bring it fully into conformity with the principles and provisions of the Convention, especially in the areas of labour, adoption, the administration of juvenile justice, and domestic violence.
At the forty-ninth session, in his note on possible ways of improving the work of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/49/CRP.4/Rev.1), the Chairman reflected the constraints facing the Committee as follows:
A combined estimate (in carbon equivalents) of reductions in emissions of PFCs, HFCs and SF6 was provided by the United States for 2000, 2010, and 2020.
A major feature documentary on the origins and development of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights is being produced by United Nations Television and was completed in 30-minute and 50-minute versions in English by the end of September 1998.
228. The Committee requests the State party to include information about the results and effectiveness of the ongoing human rights project carried out by the State party and the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.
(f) International Year for the Culture of Peace, 2000.
77. Recruitment and participation of children in hostilities.
Two suicide bombings in Jerusalem, on 30 July and 4 September 1997, which resulted in Israeli fatalities, were followed by lengthy closures of the West Bank and Gaza Strip and the imposition of an internal closure in the West Bank.
24. The Advisory Committee, in paragraph 20 of the same report, noted the increase in requirements for leasing seven helicopters compared with the period ending 30 June 1997 and requested that measures be taken to renegotiate the cost of leasing helicopters for the Observer Mission.
4. At the 14th meeting, on 28 October, the Secretary-General introduced his report on human resources management reform.
16. Calls upon the Government of Nigeria to follow up the recommendations contained in the interim report of the Special Rapporteur;59
Life Member and Executive Member, Nepal Family Planning Association, Valley Branch, Kathmandu.
(a) Employment promotion and poverty alleviation;
This Programme was approved in June 1997 by the World Solar Commission, a body composed of 18 heads of State and Government, chaired by His Excellency Robert Mugabe, President of the Republic of Zimbabwe.
The Committee draws the attention of the Government of Uruguay to the provisions of the guidelines regarding the form and contents of periodic reports from States parties, and requests that its next periodic report, due on 21 March 2003, contain material which responds to all of these concluding observations.
21. The Working Group discussed the issue of having several different mission factors applied within one mission area in recognition of the differences in terrain and operating environments.
2. Coordinating different data, maps and reports at the subregional level.
Selected output/services provided by the Office of Internal Oversight Services during the biennium 1996-1997
In view of the inadequacy and unreliability of existing resource data, even in areas where it is currently gathered, and given the GM's limited capacity, it would be misguided to build a major pillar of the GM on such premises, and to devote significant resources to this, without carefully demarcating areas of potential value added.
Furthermore, in both the JI and emissions trading markets, opportunities and incentives will exist for rent-seeking practices such as inflated emissions reduction and sequestration claims, opportunistic baselines, falsified trades, and other contestable behaviour, although such risk might be lower than under regulatory instruments.
UNDAF should lead to more coherence and effectiveness of the United Nations system in carrying out a coordinated follow-up to global conferences.
7. In paragraph 2, second sentence, the text includes only two references, both of which focus on the use of regular budget resources as the answer to expert participation questions.
This cooperation takes the form of specific projects comprising two common dimensions: (a) harmonization of policies, based on the relevant ECE conventions, norms, standards and guidelines that address various transboundary issues; and (b) development of the necessary conditions for funding by the private sector or financial institutions.
In response to a 1996 request by the General Assembly, the Commission had reviewed national and local tax data at the seven headquarters duty stations and an actuarial analysis of the value of the UNJSPF scheme as compared to that of the local employers' schemes at one of the headquarters duty stations (i.e., Montreal).
The Committee notes with approval the Nyalali Commission's recommendation to abolish corporal punishment as a judicial sentence; such penalty should also be precluded for offences against prison regulations and children should no longer be subjected to corporal punishment in schools (art. 7).
Considering, in this respect, that the present international climate should give additional impetus to multilateral negotiations with the aim of reaching concrete agreements,
Statements and observations made in the course of the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.3, 5 and 6).
In most cases, these adverse effects are related to the balance of payments on current account, particularly exports and imports in goods and services, but they may also refer to capital account activities, such as investment projects.
No compensation should be awarded for the duplicate claim.
In the field, training in the use of the registre de rétention remained a priority, because of flaws in record-keeping observed in many police stations.
1. A number of developing countries, mainly in Asia and Latin America, became increasingly successful in the early 1990s in accessing international financial markets.
The inventory of financial needs and the data base of financial sources would have the following characteristics in order to ensure their effective use: (i) available to participants in the CCD consultative processes; (ii) disseminated through various channels, including the Internet; (iii) packaged to meet the needs of customers; and (iv) frequently updated.
56. The situation of women and girls in Afghanistan, which has deteriorated in all areas under the control of the Taliban movement, continues to be of serious concern.
The proposed people’s assembly cannot be a substitute for the role of non-governmental organizations in the decision-making process of the United Nations.
A typical example of the technical superiority of the traffickers has been their increased use of mobile cellular phones and faxes since the mid-1980s, once law enforcement authorities were known to be legally and technically equipped to carry out successful wire-tapping operations of the traditional phone network (which showed improved interdiction and arrest results).
83. For economic, social and cultural rights to be adequately exercised the first step consists in ratification of the Covenants and treaties on the rights of workers, and other instruments of protection.
6. All delegations recommended that the development dimension should serve more explicitly as a guide in UNCTAD’s analytical work as well as its technical assistance activities.
Elimination of weapons of mass destruction
1. The Commission encourages UNCTAD to continue to promote dialogue among development partners, including at the regional level.
They have combined two models, one for integration and one for competition, and have found a formula for the optimization problem for choosing an enterprise’s best marketing mix: product, price, place and promotion.
They included persons with expert knowledge of the nuclear programmes and radiation consequences in Japan and the United States of America and at Chernobyl.
The Advisory Committee believes that the three-year review cycle, established by the Assembly in its resolution 45/250 A of 21 December 1990, is still the most appropriate one.
Within the framework of WMO-VCP, equipment, expert services, spare parts and consumables were provided to national meteorological services of 10 OIC members during the reporting period.
51. When considering the imposition of a sanctions regime, the Security Council may wish to request the Secretary-General to submit, within a short period of time (e.g., two weeks), an advance assessment of the potential impact of sanctions on the target country in particular on third States.
In its resolution 51/58 of 12 December 1996, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ascertain, in cooperation with the Committee for the Promotion and Advancement of Cooperatives, the desirability and feasibility of elaborating United Nations guidelines aimed at creating a supportive environment for the development of cooperatives and to include his findings and recommendations in a report to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.
(c) Interacting and cooperating with remote sensing centres, both regional and international, for the purpose of development, scientific progress and public welfare;
6.6.4.5.11 Joints in copper tubing shall be brazed or have an equally strong metal union.
The aim of these efforts was to reinforce the peace process and provide greater access for humanitarian assistance to the areas with the most acute needs.
625. With regard to education, the Committee notes with concern the high drop-out rates from the secondary level, especially among girls, the high teacher/student ratio and the lack of adequate learning and teaching facilities.
Reformulated Total, implemented Postponed
Ms. Elena Grozdanova, Adviser to the Minister, Ministry of Labour and Social Policy
3. The Committee emphasizes the importance of the findings of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights in the reports of 15 October 1997 (E/CN.4/1998/13) and of 14 January 1998 (E/CN.4/1998/63), particularly the remarks on the challenges ahead contained in paragraphs 21—27 of the latter report.
Regarding the latter cases, he emphasized the desirability of moving on to legal abolition, which would constitute a better safeguard.
Having received, in accordance with article 41 of the Provisional Rules For Claims Procedure (S/AC.26/1992/10) (“the Rules”), a report by the Executive Secretary covering ten claims in category “A”,The text of the report is attached hereto (document S/AC.26/1997/2).
1. Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments: appointment of a member of the Joint Inspection Unit: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/110) [17 (j)].
Others have begged the policemen to be allowed to take their children, but have been herded onto buses without even having a chance to say goodbye.
OF "A PARTNERSHIP FOR GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT"
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/19), A/53/435.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on the analysis of savings resulting from the improved overall cost-effectiveness achieved pursuant to the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, including the restructuring of the intergovernmental machinery and the reform of the secretariat, A/52/898 and Corr.1.
Although they are contained in two separate documents, the biennial support budget and the programme budget are intended to be read together and to constitute a seamless whole.
At the initiative of the United Nations information centre at Beirut, the daily An-Nahar devoted a news supplement to human rights, which was based on information materials provided by the Centre.
At 1300 hours the minion Lahad's militia fired mortar shells from its position at Qusayr that fell in the surrounding area.
There had been, however, particular difficulties in the delivery of outputs in four of the projects.
(h) The SBSTA invited the relevant international organizations to continue their valuable work in support of the Convention process through the provision of periodic reports to the SBSTA, and, in particular, to identify gaps that developing countries faced in the following areas:
The texts of the decisions were contained in the report of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights at its sixteenth and seventeenth sessions (see E/1998/22).
The housing shortage concerning Palestinians is the most acute in Jerusalem where land belonging to Palestinians had been declared as a “green area” where building was not allowed.
842. The Committee is concerned that the State party does not have a clear strategy to combat the abuse and sexual exploitation of children.
The statement provided to the Committee is attached to the present report.
(b) Keep confidential any industrial, business, commercial or professional secrets or trade processes contained in the reports provided by States on the export, import or transit and intended use of precursors, in accordance with the provisions of article 12, paragraph 11, of the 1988 Convention;
There was no armed conflict in Kosovo and Metohija; instead, the legal authorities of the Republic of Serbia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia carried out legitimate actions against terrorists who had killed, kidnapped and terrorized the population, irrespective of national affiliation.
The issues of policies and measures and of quantified emission limitation and reduction objectives will be addressed under item 3 (a).
For the short term, the Secretary requested contingency provisions in the revised estimates for the biennium 1996-1997, for restructuring the current office space in the event that no additional space was made available during 1997.
At 1930 hours occupation forces fired artillery shells towards Iqlim al-Tuffah from Abu Qamhah.
Addressing this issue, the Governing Council stated that property that was lost due to the “breakdown of civil order in Kuwait or Iraq” from the period of 2 August 1990 until 2 March 1991Governing Council decision 7, para. 34(d). or “because it had been left unguarded ... due to the situation in Iraq and Kuwait”Governing Council decision 9, para. 13.
Unemployment was higher among women than men and women were most often self-employed, with little job security and lower incomes than those in the formal wage employment sector.
In section A of chapter I global developments are summarized by type of drug, that is, opiates, cocaine, cannabis and psychotropic and controlled precursor substances.
This problem is in part due to the absence of a uniform interpretation of the definition of TCDC and ECDC that has been endorsed by the relevant intergovernmental forums, including the General Assembly, the Economic and Social Council and the High-Level Committee on the Review of TCDC and an inconsistency in the application by United Nations bodies of the criteria for identifying TCDC and ECDC activities.
There is a clear need for an integrated and in-depth consideration, on a regular basis, of law of the sea and ocean affairs issues, including related conventions and programmes such as on biodiversity and climate change, as well as Agenda 21.
162. On 22 April, the Jerusalem Magistrate’s Court rejected a request by a resident of the Gaza Strip to order IDF to compensate him for a severe disability he allegedly suffered as a result of an incident in which IDF soldiers had thrown him from his rooftop.
This drive for efficiency comprises several elements.
The concluding section of draft chapter I discussed the possible relevance of international agreements entered into by the host country for domestic legislation governing privately financed infrastructure projects.
The countries reporting high prevalence were Australia (1.3 per cent), Brazil and the United States (both just under 1 per cent).
Using predominantly extrabudgetary resources, these objectives will be pursued by seeking to enhance the capability of developing countries with abundant biological resources to compete more effectively in the emerging markets for products based on biological resources.
80. Extraordinary measures for Lebanon and the occupied territory.
Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/746) [114]
One of the results to be expected from a global conference is an increase in activity.
17. It is proposed that the lost interest on drawings against the Revolving Credit Fund be recouped by negative adjustments to the shares in retained surpluses of Member States against whose pledges contributions to the Fund have been made, up to the full amount of the share of such States in such surpluses.
6. As a result, the development of policies and procedures relating to peacekeeping requires an understanding of a broader range of fields than ever before, as well as systematic and frequent coordination and harmonization of views with many entities within the Secretariat and the United Nations system and with other organizations.
The three experts would include: an expert to cover the transport, trade facilitation and customs sectors; an expert to cover the banking and insurance sector; and an expert to cover the telecommunications and business information sector.
7. The Charter should be amended to provide for suspension of the veto on specific occasions, as defined by a prescribed qualified majority of the General Assembly.
461. At its 381st meeting on 4 February 1998, the Director of the United Nations Development Fund for Women addressed the Committee.
(k) To implement fully all the other recommendations of the Special Rapporteur.
This will have enormous impact on the economies of all countries.
Statements in explanation of the vote after the vote were made by the representatives of Belarus, Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Armenia and Swaziland.
The Chairman of the Annex I Experts Group on the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, Mr. Ian Pickard (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), made a statement with regard to the work of that group.
The experts also underlined the importance of technical cooperation for strengthening the capacities of developing countries in the health services sector.
All of these are prerequisites for the systematic development of software for an information and command infrastructure.
Its initial focus has been on the dynamics of international forums and the role of the main actors participating in multilateral environmental negotiations.
United Nations Decade of International Law: draft guiding principles for international negotiations [146 (c)]
Also in this legal framework, bilateral cooperation agreements should be signed between the countries affected by the circulation of and illicit traffic in small arms and the countries supplying such arms, on specific ways to prevent and combat this problem.
(k) United Nations Office for Project Services.
of the Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations
The Staff-Management Coordination Committee recommended the revised text to the Secretary-General with a letter from the staff expressing some reservations.
“(b) Promoting coherence, complementarity and coordination in economic policy-making at the global level;
65. The reasonableness of the lump-sum travel grant should be reviewed to see whether a reduced percentage of the lowest full economy fare would be an adequate compensation under the scheme.
94. To improve the quality of programme planning, monitoring and evaluation in the Organization, the Board recommends that departments should be encouraged to quantify more activities in proposed programme budgets so as to facilitate improved monitoring and evaluation.
The Special Adviser to the Secretary-General of the United Nations on Gender Issues and the Advancement of Women, a representative of the Rwandan magistracy, international experts on the subject and representatives of Rwandan non-governmental organizations participated in the meeting.
The administrative expenses of the Fund are separated into three categories:
(a) Monthly bulletin covering action by the Committee, United Nations bodies and agencies, and intergovernmental organizations concerned with the question of Palestine;
195. The Committee is very concerned about the prevailing wage disparities between women and men and the segregation of women in low-paying and low skilled work, which had been one of the results of privatization and economic rationalization.
Each activity listed has been reported as accepted, approved or endorsed by the relevant DNAs involved.
148. At the sixty-ninth session of the Maritime Safety Committee, a number of delegations spoke of the difficulty of conducting investigations into incidents reported in their waters because the reports arrive long after the incidents have occurred.
Replace water resources management with water resources development, management and use;
The Convention codifies women’s right to non-discrimination and equality with men and also establishes that women and men are equally entitled to the full enjoyment and exercise of human rights and fundamental freedoms in the political, economic, social, cultural, civil or any other field.
5. As shown in statement I, in the biennium 1996–1997 ended 31 December 1997, the Office’s income from all sources totalled $78,432,758 and its administrative expenditure reached $70,254,817.
With the exception of the International Trade Centre (ITC), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF), all the other organizations audited by the Board had outstanding recommendations that had not been fully implemented to varying extents.
Planned and actual deployment of civilian and military personnel for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
The process enables the organism to live in nutrient-poor areas while adding previously unavailable nitrogen to the surface water.
A tuna fish waste utilization project with assistance from FAO was also under way.
In its resolution 1996/29, section II, the Economic and Social Council requested the Commission to examine at its fortieth session the proposed countermeasures on the basis of the results of the Shanghai expert meeting.
The first was a compendium of the achievement of national targets on ageing, which were prepared in 1992 to assist member States in setting targets to the year 2001 in those countries lacking universal welfare and pension infrastructures.
Vacancy announcements for posts proposed for conversion from gratis personnel to support account posts in the Secretary-General’s report on the support account on peacekeeping operations (A/52/837 and Corr.1), would be circulated.
If the question of the responsibility of the State and the persons committing gross violations of human rights is covered in sufficient detail by an international agreement its solution becomes that much easier.
Kamchatskaya Association of Indigenous People of the North
Instituto para el Rescate Ancestral Indígena Salvadoreño
This portable tank instruction applies to non-refrigerated liquefied gases.
(i) United Nations Latin American and Caribbean regional preparatory conference for UNISPACE III, organized in cooperation with the Government of Chile;
Steps are being taken by UNDP to ensure appropriate handling of day-to-day operations of UNDP, whenever the workload of the resident coordinator function requires it.
UNDCP enhanced awareness of the drug problem in civil society through social mobilization and advocacy activities emphasizing the adverse economic, social and environmental costs and consequences of the illicit drug industry.
The impact of the reductions called for in General Assembly resolution 50/214 of 23 December 1995, did not exceed 4 per cent of the total postponements.
Libyan Arab Jamahiriya: One decision finding violations: 440/1990 - El Megreisi (1994 Report (A/49/40)); State party's follow-up reply remains outstanding. Author has informed the Committee that his brother was released in March 1995. Compensation remains outstanding.
Acknowledging the significant achievements by the international community towards the eradication of colonialism in accordance with the Declaration, and conscious of the importance of continuing effective implementation of the Declaration, taking into account the target set by the United Nations to eradicate colonialism by the year 2000,
25. The Convention on the Rights of the Child, the most universally ratified international instrument, calls for the protection of children’s right to life, education, health and other fundamental needs.
Increasingly, relief workers, including United Nations staff, have also been directly targeted.
The Indonesian authorities have refused Avelino Coelho da Silva and his companions authorization to leave the country, due to his alleged involvement in the bomb blasts that took place earlier that month in Semerang.
(a) Took note of the reports of the Director-General on the financial situation of UNIDO (IDB.18/14, IDB.18/20, IDB.18/CRP.2 and IDB.18/CRP.4) containing information concerning the status of assessed contributions, advances to the Working Capital Fund, cash flow estimates, regular budget performance, operational budget status and the separation indemnity reserve;
37. In accordance with financial rule 111.10 (b), the Board was provided with details of cash stores and other assets written off during the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1997.
4. In terms of content, the present report takes into consideration the views expressed by the Committee on Programme and Coordination (CPC) at its thirty-sixth session and provides the following additional details:
(f) The Organization’s financial statements are prepared on the historical cost basis of accounting and have not been adjusted to reflect the effects of changing prices for goods and services.
(b) No entitlement to payment of removal costs shall arise with respect to service at a special mission.
Statements were made by the representatives of two Parties.
The contributions of several organizations underscored the close collaboration under way within the United Nations system as part of the coordinated follow-up to conferences and summits.
It was urged that the Service be placed on a firm financial footing.
While a significant portion of staff for the Support Group was planned to be drawn from UNTAES, there was a delay in the availability and deployment of those staff in the area of administration, since they had to perform liquidation activities that took longer than anticipated to complete (see para. 6 above).
(d) Make greater use of the budget-support approach to enhancing sector-level coordination, particularly in those countries that have successfully completed the stabilization phase and have embarked on the development phase;
The United Nations system also needs to spread a more realistic notion of the potential of microcredit approaches, and to put them in the broader perspective of the fight to eradicate poverty.
Some cases make reference to the right to association of neighbourhood groups which propose the establishment of human rights committees or associations to promote social action in the municipalities.
Letter dated 30 July 1998 from the Secretary-General
(Signed) Mr. Eugeniusz WYZNER (Signed) Mr. José Tadeu SOARES and Plenipotentiary Ambassador
A few examples of violations of the right to personal security committed by members of the armed forces
Noting the withdrawal of the Israeli army, which took place in the Gaza Strip and the Jericho Area in accordance with the agreements reached between the parties, and the initiation of the Palestinian Authority in those areas,
The concurrence and similarity of the Russian Federation's positions with those of the Movement on most urgent international issues provide a solid foundation for such a dialogue.
“11. The Council calls on relevant components of the United Nations to strengthen efforts to develop a comprehensive approach to the problems of refugees that includes the development of strategies to address the root causes and effects of the movement of refugees, and to strengthen emergency preparedness and response mechanisms and protection and assistance for refugees, particularly women and children.
Some of these delegations pointed out that Article 8 (5) made it clear that the Arrest Convention would not affect the application of international conventions providing for limitation of liability.
For this purpose, the Government has designated a delegation headed by the Vice-President of the Government, Professor Ratko Markovic, Dr. Milovan Bojic, Vice-President of the Government, Mr. Tomislav Nikolic, Vice-President of the Government, Mr. Andrea Milosavljevic, Mr. Ivan Sedlak, Minister without portfolio, and Mr. Ratomir Vico, Chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee of the Serbian Assembly, were also included in the delegation.
To that end, the Ministers mandated the Chairman of the Bureau with ensuring that that comprehensive approach was fully reflected in the discussion by the United Nations General Assembly of the agenda item concerning the Committee's activities.
91. The manner in which technical assistance is provided also needs to be critically re-examined.
(a) The SBSTA and the SBI took note of the synthesis report by the secretariat on activities implemented jointly (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 and Corr.1 and 2, and Add.1) as well as of the concise update containing preliminary findings with regard to work on methodological issues (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.3).
36. The United Nations Administrative Tribunal is an independent organ competent to hear and pass judgement upon applications alleging non-observance of contracts of employment of staff members of the United Nations Secretariat or of their terms of appointment as well as applications alleging non-observance of the regulations and rules of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund arising out of decisions of the Fund.
39. The Ad Hoc Open-ended Working Group on Informatics of the Economic and Social Council has taken the lead in raising awareness among Member States of the nature of the year 2000 problem and actions to be taken.
On 25 July 1996, the Council adopted by consensus resolution 1996/31 which contains revised rules on consultative relations with non-governmental organizations.
2. As indicated in paragraph 3 and annexes I and II of document A/52/680/Add.1, the total resources provided by the General Assembly to ONUMOZ for the period from inception on 15 October 1992 to 31 March 1995 amounted to $561,099,100 gross ($553,493,000 net).
(k) To provide gender-sensitive training for personnel in the administration of justice, law enforcement agencies, security, social and health-care services, schools and migration authorities and to develop guidelines to ensure appropriate police and prosecutorial responses in cases of violence against women and girls;
The present report has been prepared to provide a background to the Commission’s discussions. It incorporates the relevant findings of the report prepared for the Expert Meeting on Vertical Diversification in the Food Processing Sector in Developing Countries (1-3 September 1997).
33. The work done so far to simplify, rationalize and modernize the Staff Rules has been focused on the areas where reform was urgently needed, as is the case for the rules governing education grant, mobility and hardship allowance, sick leave, unaccompanied shipments and removal costs.
(c) Population and development: report of the Second Committee (Part IV) (A/52/628/Add.3);
Based on the final evaluation of this model project, a compendium on drug abuse prevention among workers and their families will be produced, and will include "good practice" examples based on cases identified during the implementation of the models in the participating countries and a training manual for managers in enterprises interested in adopting the model in the future.
∙ Contact: room S-1040, ext. 35851, fax 963-1186
Trade points are in the process of being installed in 14 countries (Benin, Botswana, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Cape Verde, Ethiopia, Gabon, Kenya, Mali, Mauritania, South Africa, Uganda, United Republic of Tanzania, and Zambia).
Concern was, however, voiced about the generally poor physical infrastructures, including navigational aids on many rivers and lakes which provided transit services, as well as about the environmental hazards caused by uncontrolled pollution.
15. The point was made that it was unnecessary to include the manufacture of nuclear or nuclear-related products, while views to the contrary were also expressed.
The framework embraces the entire range of core United Nations activities – political, human rights, humanitarian and development – in a given country.
Sustainable Environmental Management of Lake Victoria, East Africa.
Using 1994 IPCC global warming potentials (100-year time horizon), 1990 CO2 emissions (excluding land use change and forestry) represented 72 per cent of total GHG emissions, while methane accounted for 20 per cent.
That is when and why India made clear its inability to sign the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
74. On 16 December, it was reported that almost a third of West Bank settlements – 42 out of 144 – including Kiryat Arba, Beit El, Ofra and Kadmim, had not been included in a map of those representing security interests drawn up by the Defence Ministry.
Provision is made for the purchase of 18 sets of operational maps of the mission area that are required by the military personnel and civilian police observers.
Actions to prevent, control and punish them are a joint and shared responsibility which requires an integral and balanced focus of efforts together with both national and international strategies. We acknowledge that the pillar of such actions is the concerted effort and cooperation of States.
It was the firm belief of the members of the Committee that current efforts should be continued that would strengthen the role of the Committee in maintaining outer space for peaceful purposes.
Replace the text of subparagraphs (b), (c) and (d) with the following:
Besides, if the steps necessary to make the system operational are not completed, it may be risky to depend upon a partially developed system.
5. Conversion in post-conflict situations
Mr. Denktash's proposal, ab initio unacceptable, runs in blatant violation and disregard of the dictates of the United Nations resolutions and is an affront to the United Nations Organization and the international community as a whole.
The actual expenditure of $1,269,500 reflected lower actual average monthly salaries of $700 and the average local staff vacancy rate of 3 per cent (monthly average of 151 staff), resulting in the unutilized balance of $87,700 under this heading.
It shows that expenditures for peacekeeping activities, which had risen to $5,795 million during the biennium 1994-1995, fell to $1,166 million for the 12-month period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
Works were completed on expansion of the radiology unit at Rimal health centre; construction of a new radiology unit at Khan Younis health centre; expansion of the physiotherapy unit at Jabalia health centre; and renovation of the MCH centres at Fakhoura, Nuseirat and Shaboura.
18. Since June 1997, five men and eight women (61.5 per cent) were promoted from the General Service category to the P-2 level through the G-P competitive examination.
13. The consolidation of security and cooperation in the Mediterranean rests also on initiatives where contacts between countries in the region may be fostered in diverse fields of activity.
It is a historical fact that the systematic violation of the fundamental human rights of the Turkish Cypriot people by the Greek Cypriots from 1963 lies at the root of the Cyprus question.
At the end of the financial period, only the difference between collections and payments are reported”.
In another incident, shots were fired at the Gadid settlement in the Gaza Strip.
6. Provisional agenda for the third session of the Commission
(b) Supplementary list of items proposed for inclusion in the agenda of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly (English and French);
2. During the biennium 1996–1997, the Programme consolidated its catalytic role in the field of international drug control.
Any decisions of the special session of the General Assembly that are relevant to the UNFCCC will be drawn to the attention of the SBI at its sixth session.
By April 1997, four companies had been certified to ISO 14001.
10. The action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session is to take note of the report on the final disposition of the assets of UNOSOM and to approve donation of assets to the Somali district councils.
SIGNED this 5th day of December 1997 at Vienna.
406. The Committee welcomes the efforts by the State party to improve its relations with international and national non-governmental organizations dealing with human rights, including the objectives of the Convention, and the progress made in opening up to civil society.
In other organizations of the United Nations system, however, sales income was deposited into a special fund, with a certain percentage being distributed to the author departments.
It was important that competition legislation favoured the undisrupted flow of goods and services beyond national borders.
The depositary shall communicate such information regarding competent authorities and liaison points to all States parties.
UNTMIH United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti
“4. Encourages the Disarmament Commission to continue to make every effort to enhance its working methods so as to enable it to give focused consideration to a limited number of priority issues in the field of disarmament, bearing in mind the decision it has taken to move its agenda towards a three-item phased approach;
In some countries, ambulatory mental health care is available, as are day-care centres, 24-hour crisis centres and half-way houses.
COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED NATIONS AND THE ORGANIZATION FOR SECURITY AND COOPERATION
Rapporteur: Mr. Uladzimir Gerus (Belarus)
(b) The Office should identify the shortcomings of the present financial reports, establish the key information required and decide on the form and frequency of the reports;
(c) The SBSTA took note of the IPCC Special Report on Regional Impacts of Climate Change and the IPCC Technical Paper 4 on Implications of Proposed CO2 Emissions Limitations, requested by the SBSTA.
(vi) United Nations Children’s Fund: Supplement No. 5B (A/53/5/Add.2);
2. Provision of interpretation services to meetings of regional and other major groupings of Member States
It must be closed down, and the detainees must at long last be allowed to return to their homes and families.
1. Requests the administering Power to work with Guam’s Commission on Decolonization for the Implementation and Exercise of Chamorro Self-Determination with a view to facilitating Guam’s decolonization and to keep the Secretary-General informed of the progress to that end;
The Committee also notes that the population of the State party is mainly composed of immigrants from various continents, with different ethnic origins and cultural backgrounds.
26.14 As envisaged in the medium-term plan, increased use is being made of the LAN to transmit, retrieve and store documents.
The office assists him during his visits in Cambodia as well as during their preparation and follow-up.
Cooperation has been extended to investment guides for LDCs, and investment policy reviews have been conducted jointly.
3. Calls upon Governments, public and private sector organizations and civil society to share locally, regionally and globally their experiences in addressing the year 2000 problem;
57. At the 16th meeting, on 27 October, the representative of Poland, also on behalf of Canada, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction” (A/C.1/53/L.38).
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.19
It may also include or refer to relevant data from authoritative sources;
If it is determined that a particular situation may become a threat to the peace, the Dispute Prevention and Early Settlement Service would contact the States concerned and offer its services.
The outstanding advances on those projects totalled $2.8 million, which, after being offset by $0.6 million owed by UNFPA to Governments for those projects, represented a net balance of $2.2 million due to UNFPA.
The Government of the United States of America strongly supports the Secretary-General’s views expressed in the Supplement to the Agenda for Peace that although considerable progress is being made dealing with weapons of mass destruction, not enough is being done to stem the traffic in small arms, the arms that are actually killing people in the hundreds of thousands and that are responsible for most of the deaths in current intra-State conflicts.
The second Expert Meeting on Amphetamine-type Stimulants was held at Shanghai from 25 to 29 November l996.
Re = yield strength in N/mm2, or 0.2% proof strength or, for austenitic steels, 1% proof strength;
Public enterprise restructuring and economic liberalization have been accelerated and the Government is facilitating the entry of the private sector into the provision of goods and services, including transport, electricity, telecommunications and agricultural marketing.
Other countries in Asia, the Middle East and Latin America are responding by putting in place policies and programmes to raise awareness and taking action to prevent an increase in pollution and degradation of the environment.
A. Competition, deregulation and welfare 19 - 22
154. The Committee further recommends that the President and Government Ministers be briefed regularly on the progress in implementation of the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action.
13. With regard to the new Commissions and the agendas selected for their first sessions, the African Group supported the proposals put forward; those priority policy issues which could not be addressed during the first sessions would no doubt be accommodated at future sessions of the Commissions.
174. One additional post is requested: one P-3 (Personnel Officer).
These projects are small-scale and extend to such topics as low-cost housing design and construction, building-materials and construction technologies, slum and squatter upgrading, human settlements finance, data management systems and the like, within the context of the implementation of the Habitat Agenda, the Global Strategy for Shelter to the Year 2000 and the human settlements components of Agenda 21.
5. At its forty-fifth session, the General Assembly decided to increase the membership of the Committee from 74 to 78 members, and appointed Czechoslovakia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Jamaica and Uruguay members of the Committee.
158. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced the proposal and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.
3. Oncology: early diagnosis and treatment
3. United Nations Administrative Tribunal (including its secretariat) 8
Apportionment: $4,318,000; expenditure: $3,984,100; variance: $333,900
I have the honour to transmit to you the financial statements of the United Nations Population Fund for the biennium 1996–1997 ended 31 December 1997, which were submitted by the Executive Director. These statements have been examined and include the audit opinion of the Board of Auditors.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
4. The present report analyses the three main indicators used in projections for the end of 1998, namely, unpaid assessments, available cash and amounts owed to Member States.
As at August 1998, some 1,800 Palestinian homes were reportedly targeted for demolition and were being destroyed at the rate of about one a day.
Detailed information is presented in annex IX to the present report.
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 74.
(c) when damaged to such an extent that the integrity of the portable tank or its lifting or securing arrangements may be affected;
43. Purchase of vehicles (A/51/872, para. 49).
200. The view was expressed that the priorities mentioned in paragraphs 26.7 and 26.10 should be based on the medium-term plan.
By its decision 19/22 of 7 February 1997, the Council approved a revised appropriation for Fund programme activities of $63.5 million.
(b) Each Party shall, as far in advance as possible of the date due for the contribution, inform the head of the permanent secretariat of the contribution it intends to make and of the projected timing of that contribution.
Item 46. Letter dated 20 January 1992 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Somalia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/23445).
Through evaluation reports, laboratories are also able to monitor their own performance against their national requirements and the performance of peer laboratories.
We hope that the world community, Parliaments and international organizations will support the restoration of justice for the sake of the happy future of nations who will step into the twenty-first century, for the sake of justice and the triumph of the highest human goals.
In some operations, for example, in Cyprus and Georgia, the United Nations is actively involved in both peacekeeping and peacemaking.
(j) Centre for the defence of freedoms: “Palestinian victims of the Israeli occupation: the death toll from January to June 1998”;
10. At the same meeting, a statement was made by the Chief Minister and Minister of Finance and Economic Development of Montserrat (see A/AC.109/SR.1486).
3. The first such meeting between the two Secretaries-General and their advisers was held in Harare on 3 June 1997 during the OAU summit.
B. Consideration by and decisions of the Special Committee
(b) The consultation process is more effective when Government’s participation is not limited to coordinating authorities but also extended to line authorities;
As a result of all those procedures, movement of Agency staff and vehicles was considerably impeded and frequently prevented, with consequent disruption to field and headquarters operations.
The Republic of Guinea, on the other hand, contended that the ship was involved in smuggling, which was an offence under the Customs Code of Guinea, and that the detention had taken place after the exercise by the Republic of Guinea of the right of hot pursuit in accordance with article 111 of the Convention.
The Pension Board therefore recommended that the matter be reviewed, with a view to providing adequate insurance coverage.9
The estimate provides for clearances, safe separation of aircraft, maintenance of radio and telephone communications, and for obtaining and processing overflight clearances and maintenance of navigational aids.
Noting the need for continued cooperation between the administering Power and the territorial Government in countering drug trafficking and money laundering,
Table 3 below shows the geographical distribution of grants recommended in 1998. Table 3
Since 30 June 1997, all permanent missions have been connected to the Internet and through it can access documents stored on the optical disk system, both for their own use and for electronic transmission to capitals.
Most UNDCP operational activities in the region are executed by government counterparts under the national execution modality.
14. The Office started assessing the impact of the shifting composition of its portfolio on its financial position in the 1996 business plan, and refined the process in the 1997 business plan, which was developed on the basis of individual operations’ unit plans, each reflecting the nature of its portfolio.
100. In central and eastern Europe, where the implementation rate according to the above figures is already somewhat higher than in the other two regions under review, recent regional initiatives aim at the introduction of harmonized legal, infrastructural and logistic conditions that would allow countries in the same subregion to conduct joint controlled deliveries.
The project covered by this tender will survey institutes and networks worldwide.
Measures to eliminate international terrorism
11. Decides that, for Member States that have fulfilled their financial obligations to the Force, there shall be set off against the apportionment, as provided for in paragraph 8 above, their respective share of the surplus balance of 1,071,000 dollars for the period from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 1995 and of the interest income of 1,671,000 dollars for the period from 1 December 1996 to 30 November 1995;
50. It also took note of the “Chairperson’s summary of informal discussions under agenda item 4”, and agreed to incorporate it into its report. (For the text of the summary, see annex III.)
The purpose of sunset provisions is to strengthen the role and capacity of the Organization by focusing its efforts only on activities that have continuing relevance, usefulness and effectiveness.
20. It is particularly encouraging to note that despite the persistence of political tension and armed conflict in their subregion, the countries members of the Committee have maintained their commitment to the continued strengthening and promotion of democracy.
They should be structured as follows, taking into account the degree of development of action programmes and other relevant circumstances:
2. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include the item in its agenda and to allocate it to the Sixth Committee.
5.1 Reaffirming the need for a comprehensive approach in addressing climate change, to include all relevant greenhouse gases in all economic sectors (supply and demand) by sources and removals by sinks, mitigation as well as adaption to climate change,
21. The Committee welcomed the restoration of peace in the Congo and took note with satisfaction of the measures taken by the Congolese authorities to promote national reconciliation, the reconstruction of the country, respect for fundamental rights and freedoms and the relaunching of the democratic process.
(a) The issue of the occupation of the three islands belonging to the United Arab Emirates:
219. NAFO has indicated that it does not address shark management and conservation.
Overall, the majority of international partners working in Afghanistan have concluded that a more coherent, comprehensive and participatory approach is both desirable and achievable.
Section V refers to the matter of publishing a compendium of national laws and regulations regarding the prevention and suppression of international terrorism in all its forms and manifestations.
Despite logistical constraints and access restrictions caused by the two-month flight suspension over Bahr Al Ghazal, NIDs were successful in reaching 4.9 million and 5.1 million children under five in the first and second rounds, respectively.
However, the PRONADE programme contains little in the way of bilingual and intercultural education, even though it mainly covers areas with a rural indigenous population.
During the reporting period, the contractor deployed an average of 137 expatriate personnel and 990 local personnel.
Bhutan, Cuba, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Slovenia.
33 OSPAR decision 98/3 enters into force on 9 February 1998.
This is pure fiction not even worthy of a rebuttal before this distinguished audience.
Role of science and technology in the context of security, disarmament and other related fields
Of the total, US$ 593 million (42 per cent) were in the water supply and sanitation sector and US$ 217 million (16 per cent) in the roads and highways sector.
B. Agreed conclusions on integrating trade, environment and development: recent progress and outstanding issues
4. Taking account of this analysis and of these submissions, the Review Group will redefine what is required of an International Civil Service Commission and will propose changes to enable ICSC to meet the challenges facing the United Nations system of organizations.
Organizations which at present do not have explicit policies on outsourcing will give serious consideration to developing appropriate policies in this area.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
In accordance with INCD decision 10/10, taken at the Committee's tenth session, the Secretariat solicited proposals for the undertaking of a survey and evaluation of existing networks, institutions, agencies and bodies willing to become units of a network to support the implementation of the Convention in accordance with its article 25.
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
A panel on “Consequences of and policy responses to below-replacement fertility”, organized by the Population Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs in conjunction with
4. Further welcomes the efforts by the Committee on the Rights of the Child in the area of child labour, takes note of its recommendations,18 and encourages the Committee as well as other relevant human rights treaty bodies, within their respective mandates, to continue to monitor this growing problem when examining reports of States parties;
51. In view of the need to strengthen the intergovernmental review process and ensure the continuing operational integration of TCDC and ECDC, it is proposed that in future the High-Level Committee on the Review of TCDC review progress on the operational integration between TCDC and ECDC, based on the submission of a report on the subject prepared by SU/TCDC in consultation with UNCTAD.
ANNEX III Status of submission of reports by States parties under article 44 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child as at 23 January 1998
6. Invites the Conference on Disarmament to consider continuing its work undertaken in the field of transparency in armaments;
The representative of the United States then requested a separate vote on the amendment.
They were both unaware that the underwriter had indeed inspected the premises just six months prior to the audit.
Further, the Director-General has, in consultation with the Informal Consultative Group on Resource Mobilization, established by the Commission in 1996, undertaken preliminary discussions with some delegations about the establishment of a donor group for crime prevention activities and the functions of the Programme Support Service of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme have been extended to the Centre.
Following the completion of its emergency rehabilitation phase in 1997, Lebanon has been firmly engaged in a major reconstruction and development phase.
Turkmenistan 29 September 1994 a/ 29 October 1994
However, there are very few health services that people can obtain for free, even at government health facilities, and very often those who cannot afford to pay are not appropriately cared for.
Chapter I of the secretariat’s report on this item, entitled “Environmental financial accounting and reporting at the corporate level” (TD/B/COM.2/ISAR/2) is a synthesis of best practices which emerged from the review.
3. Methods of recruitment for sale and trafficking
D. Informal consultations on elements related to institutions and mechanisms
59. During the election campaign there was a pattern of discrimination against ethnic Vietnamese.
In the latter case, one tonne of cocaine was seized from a van, together with semi-automatic weapons, surveillance equipment and scanners tuned by the traffickers to intercept police communications.
21. The integration of capitalized environmental costs with the related asset could, in some instances, result in the combined asset being recorded above recoverable amount.
To remedy the situation, quantitative data on the situation of primary school education in Somalia were collected and analysed through a UNICEF survey in 1997.
465. She indicated that the human rights of women will be a highlight of commemorative activities for the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and commended the Committee for its willingness to contribute to these activities through its work on reservations.
They requested the Secretary-General to make the appropriate arrangements towards this end.
They are best denied by the recent reports of the representatives of the international community, whose accounts of the situation in Kosovo and Metohija accentuate the significant improvements that have taken place.
It had before it documents FCCC/SBSTA/1997/8 and FCCC/SBSTA/1997/MISC.6.
Experience shows that the development of subcontracting arrangements between large firms and SMEs can give an incentive for large firms to provide financial, technical and other assistance to SMEs.
Barrister in Warsaw since 1992; runs his own law office.
4. The Secretary-General is authorized by the General Assembly to accept a portion of the assessed contributions of Member States in currencies other than United States dollars.
We agree with the Special Rapporteur that extremism, even if confined to a minority, has the potential to affect gravely intercommunity harmony in India, or for that matter any country.
49. The current strategic plan of the United Nations Volunteers (UNV) programme, “Strategy 2000”, for the period 1997–2000, makes gender equality a key area of concern.
4. Requests the Secretary-General to convene the Preparatory Commission to meet, in accordance with resolution F adopted by the Conference,2 in order to carry out the mandate of that resolution, and, in that connection, to discuss ways to enhance the effectiveness and acceptance of the Court, from 16 to 26 February 1999, from 26 July to 13 August 1999 and from 29 November to 17 December 1999;
There are, consequently, pragmatic reasons for not attempting to define “terrorism” and “international terrorism” at this stage.
By the same resolution, the Assembly welcomed the further improvement of cooperation and coordination during the previous year between the United Nations and OSCE, and requested the Secretary-General to continue exploring with the Chairman-in-Office and the Secretary-General of OSCE possibilities for further enhancement of cooperation, information exchange and coordination.
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 16 of the Convention [6]
"1. Everyone lawfully within the territory of a State shall, within that territory, have the right to liberty of movement and freedom to choose his residence.
Expenditures for within mission travel were changed to travel.
“In accordance with section 104 (d) of the HSFCA, and in accordance with the Compliance Agreement, the high seas permits issued are conditioned to require the permit holder to act in compliance with all international conservation and management measures recognized by the United States.
4. At the 15th meeting, on 7 July, the Council held a panel discussion entitled “Market access: prospective beyond the Uruguay Round”.
Houses, cars and trucks, shops, hotels and restaurants, factories and farms, have in essence simply been confiscated.
Several thousand pieces of miscellaneous arms have been impounded, as well as about one million bullets for automatic rifles, a large number of mortars, bazookas, recoilless cannon and various items of equipment.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.10
We therefore believe it necessary to spell out the concept of globalization.
The recent crisis in Asia highlighted the fact that economic growth and globalization do not ensure steady progress and may also produce additional vulnerabilities and a threat to progress already achieved.
Those problems highlight the need for an integrated strategic approach among all donors and for effective field-level coordination mechanisms.
30. A UNEP/ISESCO training of trainers workshop on environmental education was held in Bahrain (12–19 October 1997) with participation from 10 Arab, Asian and African Islamic countries.
Note was also taken of the emphasis given to communication and dissemination of information at the country and local levels.
726. The Committee notes with satisfaction the existence of government bodies dealing with the welfare of children at the national and local levels; it nevertheless expresses its concern that there is insufficient coordination between them to develop a comprehensive approach to the implementation of the Convention.
(a) Review of technical cooperation activities of UNCTAD
Countries with significant dryland areas and/or populations are often among the poorest in the world.
An international criminal court may have concurrent jurisdiction where national courts cannot yet offer satisfactory guarantees of independence and impartiality, or are physically unable to function.
100. The Committee recalled that the new procedures were designed to provide an annual fee structure for non-member States that not only takes account of their empirically based levels of participation and their economic position, but also expedites the issuance of assessments and streamlines the related work of the Secretariat.
However, such major sectors as textiles, clothing, footwear and leather products remain outside the scope of the GSP improvements in favour of LDCs.
B. Possible approaches to promoting technology transfer 14-24
5. The Committee also had before it a statement of the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.9, submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly (A/C.6/53/L.15).
44. The General Assembly, in paragraph 22 of section III.B of resolution 51/226, requested the Secretary-General to make proposals on the introduction of a probationary period for successful candidates in the competitive examination for promotion to the Professional category of staff members from other categories.
The President may limit the time allowed to each speaker.
113. Monaco has advised that it was studying ways and means by which it could incorporate in a future legislation the conservation and management measures for straddling fish stocks and highly migratory fish stocks adopted by regional fisheries organizations or arrangements, as well as the possibility of establishing an authorization procedure for vessels flying its flag wishing to fish on the high seas.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 51/16), A/53/275 and Add.1.
II. STAGE 1 - ASSESSMENT OF THE COUNTRY’S GENERAL TRADING ENVIRONMENT
It was agreed, however, to take a number of measures immediately, on a provisional basis, in order to give effect to the decisions taken at Midrand.
Absenteeism in the smaller, more remote provincial stations continued to be high, while plans to recruit additional police officers for rural areas are yet to be concretized.
The Council members were eventually sworn in in June, although two of the members appointed by the King have since resigned and been replaced.
4. During 40 years of testing, the equivalent of 17,400,000 tons of TNT were exploded in the 18,500 km2 Polygon. Between 1949 and 1963 all 116 tests were undertaken at atmospheric and ground levels.
Noting also that the group of technical experts appointed by the Secretary-General to study the problems of ammunition and explosives in all their aspects has held its first meeting,
48. Concerning staff recruitment and appointment, the Board recommended, in paragraph 144 of its report, that the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office at Vienna record actions taken in the recruitment or appointment of staff so that delays can be identified, causes analysed and appropriate remedial action taken.
Increased procurement of maintenance supplies.
In 1996 and 1997, the subvention was temporarily reduced from $220,000 to $213,000. The latter sum has also been repeated for the biennium 1998-1999.
FRENCH LANGUAGE WORKSHOP ON THE STRUCTURE AND DRAFTING OF THE UNITED NATIONS RESOLUTIONS
The recorded expenditure relates to positioning and depositioning costs at $40,000 per helicopter.
Such broad interpretations of the terms are typical of international documents adopted shortly after the end of the Second World War, including the 1948 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide.
Notwithstanding the postive information provided in respect of the measures taken to amend criminal proceedings, to establish oral hearings and to introduce alternative ways of dealing with civil matters, the Committee continues to be concerned about the unreasonably long judicial delays.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999
The international community could take substantial steps to clamp down on this phenomenon and mitigate its effects.
Some of the revenues from a tax on major exports as well as import taxes were used to finance research and development on alternative production and export possibilities; to support the adaptation of existing production facilities to the requirements of the world market; to finance processing factories; to make subsidized credits available to non-traditional export sectors; to identify potential markets and fund promotion campaigns; and to create export marketing companies.
1. The year 1997 marked the twenty-second year of scholarly work for the United Nations University (UNU).
Such a meeting could usefully accompany the adoption of any Security Council resolution on this issue.
(e) Administrative and financial implications of the actions of the Board.
“Charges, shaped, commercial without detonator: 0059, 0439, 0440, 0441”.
(c) Integrated Coastal Area Management for Tourism, Barbados, 27–30 April 1998.
It also requested the Secretary-General to report to the Council every 30 days from the date of extension of MINURSO’s mandate on the progress made, and to keep the Council regularly informed of all significant developments in the interim period.
(b) The SBI expressed concern at the late submission of communications by many Annex I Parties, and urged those Parties which have not yet submitted their second national communications to do so as soon as possible;
(a) Piecemeal purchases: At ESCAP, 1,178 purchase orders were placed for nine categories of items in 1996-1997.
The head of Jewish Communities in Judea and Samaria (West Bank) and Gaza, Pinhas Walerstein, stated that he would begin looking for a home for Mr. Barak in the Beit El settlement.
The Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty bans all nuclear weapons test explosions and all other nuclear explosions for all time.
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 48/2 of 13 October 1993, the Secretary-General of the Economic Co-operation Organization made a statement.
(e) Organization to house the Global Mechanism and agreement on its modalities
Habitat should set a time-frame for closing the projects financially soon after their operational closure (para. 38).
Strengthening of the Office of the Special Envoy
14. United Nations Staff Pension Committee [General Assembly resolution 248 (III)]
Apportionment: $524,500; expenditure: $511,800; variance: $12,700
4. The group, therefore, proposes that the General Assembly, in exercising the authority conferred upon it by Article 10 of the Charter, recommend that:
Mindful, in the process of trade liberalization, of the diminution of trade preferential margins for developing countries, particularly the least developed countries and small island developing States, and of the need for countries to take measures, as appropriate, in accordance with the rules of the World Trade Organization, to address that diminution with a view to offsetting it,
of the Permanent Mission of Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Replace subparagraph (e) with the following:
30. In paragraph 18 of its report,7 the Board of Auditors recalled that the General Assembly at its fifty-second session had endorsed the request of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions that the High Commissioner consult with the Board of Auditors on the implications of submitting biennial reports instead of annual reports.
(b) Report on any violations of international humanitarian law and human rights in Sierra Leone and, in consultation with the relevant United Nations agencies, assist the Government of Sierra Leone in its efforts to address the country’s human rights needs.
Furthermore, Governments were requested to detain all unsafe ships and report pertinent information to IMO.
Action on all draft resolutions submitted under agenda items 62 to 83 (A/C.1/52/INF.1)
4. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property, and ex gratia payments
14. Further requests the Secretary-General to reduce the dependency on the current contractor by limiting additional work to the minimum required to facilitate the implementation of the system at offices away from Headquarters and to take the necessary measures to have additional work performed by staff or by a contractor selected after competitive bidding;
This decision was reaffirmed by COP 2 (see decision 7/CP.2).
33. The Commission on Human Rights, at its fifty-fourth session, created mandates of special rapporteurs and independent experts to address the right to development, the right to education and extreme poverty.
Taking into account the fact that the economically more developed countries are in a position to make relatively larger contributions and that the economically less developed countries have a relatively limited capacity to contribute towards such an operation,
33. An economic development agency based in Kurchatov would be in a position to address the needs of more remote population centres that suffered the most direct effects of the closure of the test site.
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.
Noting the constitutional review of 1992–1993, according to which the population of the Cayman Islands expressed the sentiment that the existing relations with the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland should be maintained and that the current status of the Territory should not be altered,
These activities have been funded by the participating countries themselves and from contributions provided by a number of donors including Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands and the United States of America.
V. STRENGTHENED INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION 16-18 6
The Committee decided, by acclamation, to recommend that the General Assembly confirm the appointment by the Secretary-General of Mr. Ahmed Abdullatif (Saudi Arabia), Mr. J.Y. Pillay (Singapore) and Mr. Fernando G. Chico Pardo (Mexico) to the Investments Committee for a three-year term of office beginning 1 January 1998.
Annex THE PRACTICE OF FORCED EVICTIONS: COMPREHENSIVE HUMAN
14. Over its past three sessions, the Committee has refined its method of preparing the lists of issues and questions with respect to periodic reports.
124. The Committee noted the work carried out by the Legal Subcommittee and the Working Group, as reflected in their reports (A/AC.105/698, paras. 27–45 and annex I).
3. Elimination of racism and racial discrimination [110]
The comparable figure as at 30 June 1996 was $211,277,485.
“Recalling General Assembly resolution 52/210 of 18 December 1997 regarding the necessity of assessing the usefulness of a vulnerability index as a criterion for the designation of least developed countries,
87. Women are not allowed to work in jobs involving hard physical labour or underground or underwater labour, nor in any jobs classified detrimental to the life of women.
(iii) The inner packagings have the same or smaller openings and the closure is of similar design (e.g. screw cap, friction lid, etc);
That murder occurred after the nun had been called in several times by a judge and by the police regarding the Tantamana school.
The Board took note of the report of the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development on its first session (TD/B/44/2-TD/B/COM.3/4) and endorsed the agreed conclusions in annex I and II of the report.
3. Estimated income and expenditure for 1998 and 1999
It served as a channel for trade, which became the catalyst for the development of crafts.
42. Other technical activities are undertaken in close cooperation with the Information Technology Services Division.
(ii) The individual is assigned to a second or subsequent duty station.
However, article 35 should continue to apply to UNHCR trust funds, that is, income is recognized when received and commitment of funds should be based on income received.
The methodology was expected to be ready by the end of 1997, and the first wave of countries could undergo the exercise at the beginning of 1998.
ECLAC Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
Request for the inclusion of an item in the provisional agenda of the fifty-third session
60. The activities of the United Nations system in many recipient countries have been affected in recent years by the marked decline of the share of ODA in total resource flows.
100. The Special Committee suggests that, when the General Assembly, at its fifty-third session, examines the question of the implementation of the Declaration, it may wish to take into account the various recommendations of the Special Committee that are reflected in the relevant chapters of the present report and, in particular, to endorse the proposals outlined in the present section in order to enable the Special Committee to carry out the tasks it envisages for 1999.
Annexes I. Views received from Governments in accordance with paragraph 5 (a) of General Assembly resolution 52/38 R
Accordingly, the agenda for the first session was as follows:
(ii) Sources of financing from non-governmental organizations, foundations, academic institutions and other private sector entities that might be encouraged to provide funding, including their funding patterns and eligibility criteria;
During the same period, in parts of Serbia outside Kosovo, armaments factory workers, students, university professors, pensioners and parents of army conscripts took to the streets in several protests.
Provision is made for the rental of the following premises in the Luanda area: (a) 16 rooms at Camp Vilaire at a total cost of $25,000 per month ($300,000); (b) 11 rooms at Camp “TSA” at a total cost of $18,000 per month ($216,000); (c) 70 rooms at Villa Araujo at a total cost of $97,100 per month ($1,165,200); (d) 6 rooms at Inorade at a total cost of $6,900 per month ($82,800); and (e) 15 rooms at various residential premises in Luanda at a total cost of $10,000 per month ($120,000).
Included under this heading is the estimated income to be derived from the sale of obsolete or surplus equipment and stores ($15,000).
Some are of mixed (Ethiopian-Eritrean) parentage.
The liquidation stage of a mission involves the withdrawal of all reusable United Nations-owned equipment from the mission area (for actual or potential reuse in other field missions), the disposal of all non-reusable United Nations-owned material, the closure of all outstanding accounts and other business, and the withdrawal of the last remaining United Nations staff.
- That the activity of the international consortiums to be established in priority sectors of the economic complexes of the participating States must be aimed at the implementation of common and mutually advantageous inter-regional projects;
Among other significant events were subregional meetings of national focal points held at Nouakchott and Asmara, both of which allowed a useful exchange of experiences.
IV/9. Further implementation of the Convention’s provisions regarding indigenous and local communities embodying traditional lifestyles;
Changes to the Staff Regulations and Rules made by the United Nations could not be carbon-copied in ICAO, as the Organization had specific regulations relating, inter alia, to civil aviation.
In Mauritius, a three-tier system has evolved over time which is based on sectoral associations, core national bodies, including chambers of commerce and professional associations, and a Joint Economic Council at the apex acting as a spokesperson of the private sector in the highest policy-making bodies.
1. The establishment of a commercially conducive transit policy environment remains at the centre of all efforts to further improve transit transport systems.
68. In March 1998, operational responsibility was transferred from the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (UNTAES) to UNOPS.
Draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.13* and Corr.1 was adopted without a vote.
4.8 The State party submits that the author has failed to exhaust available domestic remedies, as required by article 14, paragraph 7 (a), of the Convention.
46. The Special Rapporteur also concludes that the continuing attacks against the Shi’a religious establishment, in particular through the recent assassinations of religious leaders, constitutes systematic oppression in the form of an intended terror.
1981 Southern African States African States Regional Binding effect Community Investment Code of the
It also noted that throughout its work the Committee already considered the extent to which adolescent girls enjoyed their human rights, including their rights to reproductive and sexual health.
The Committee further requests that Algeria's second periodic report and these concluding observations be widely disseminated among the public at large in all parts of Algeria.
This would identify the contributions that the Organization could make in addressing the persistent problems, the emerging trends and the existing, as well as new, challenges;
2. Once again urges all States that have not yet done so to sign and ratify or accede to the Convention as a matter of priority, with a view to reaching the goal of universal adherence by the tenth anniversaries of the World Summit for Children and of the entry into force of the Convention;
(c) Terrorism obviously puts the State under threat.
The provision of $2,901,400 has been fully obligated to cover potential claims from death, disability and injury to military personnel and civilian police observers.
- To ensure the strict implementation of the joint agreements adopted.
Recalling the Paris Declaration and the Programme of Action of the Second United Nations Conference on the Least Developed Countries, as well as United Nations General Assembly resolutions 48/171 and 49/98,
The Conference aimed at providing a forum for ministers of education and finance to review the status of successes and failures in implementing the 20/20 Initiative as a means of increasing resources for social development.
Visits to the shrine require coordination by the Palestinian-Israeli Liaison Bureau.
4. Requests the Secretary-General to appoint, after consultation with the Conference of the Parties, through its Bureau, the Executive Secretary of the Convention, with the term and level of the latter to be decided by the Conference of the Parties;
To that end, in accordance with Council resolution 1996/29, the Board, with the assistance of UNDCP, should establish, for use at the regional and national level, an international special surveillance list of potential substitutes and pre-precursors for controlled starting materials.
It also requests the Government to continue to disseminate widely, and in particular to women’s and human rights organizations, the Convention, the Committee’s general recommendations and the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action.
Any new substantive proposals, including proposals affecting the purpose and organization of the ministerial segment, should be communicated to all Parties well in advance of the Conference, in accordance with the normal United Nations practice.
Secondly, a more common barrier comes from governance issues.
President of the President of the Republic President of the Russian Federation of Tajikistan Republic of Uzbekistan
But this has been imposed upon me by the latest diatribe of the Eritrean delegation.
The members also made a renewed commitment to the establishment of an FTAA by the year 2005.
41. The Office has established cost centres and improved measures of common cost apportionment. These actions indicate that the Operations Division, which is the primary implementer of management service agreement projects (the Division for Procurement Projects), is recovering its operational costs.
The Council stressed the desire of member States for cooperation with a view to stabilizing the oil market and improving prices, and the need for oil-producing States to abide by the reduced quotas that had been agreed upon in November 1998 in order to achieve those ends.
By the end of June, after further reassessments, WFP confirmed that 13 cargo aircraft would be required to meet urgent needs in southern Sudan until the end of the hunger gap in October.
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the text of a letter dated 6 November addressed to you by Mr. René Préval, President of the Republic of Haiti.
These negotiations testify to the seriousness of Israel's desire to achieve peace with the Palestinians, and to our steadfast determination to see this process through.
8. As at 1 August 1998, the reports of 31 States parties were awaiting consideration by the Committee.
These reports would help to identify regional environmental concerns, priorities and policies, particularly addressing policy issues of relevance to the Lomé 2000 negotiations.
“(b) To evaluate and follow up the efforts made and the progress achieved by the United Nations system in the field of information and communications;
Some projects also have a component that addresses energy planning.
Accordingly, the General Assembly will be required at its current session to appoint a person to fill the remainder of the term of office of Mr. Inomata, which expires on 31 December 2000.
As a new step, the first United Nations peace-building support office has been established since early 1998 in Liberia.
Advice on services infrastructure and trade efficiency issues
Intensive mutual enrichment of cultures took place, and there was an active exchange of knowledge and of spiritual and philosophical concepts and views.
20. At the 47th meeting, on 31 July, the Council took note of the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination on the first part of its thirty-eighth session, and the annual overview report of the Administrative Committee on Coordination for 1997.
1 Published for the United Nations Development Programme by Oxford University Press, New York, 1997.
Many speakers stated that resettlement was a durable solution in which developed nations can actively participate in a spirit of international solidarity and burden-sharing.
34. The Board notes the Institute’s plan to establish a formal performance management system in order to allow the monitoring of staff performance in a more systematic way, based on clearly defined work plans and programme achievements, and to serve as the basis for the Executive Director to submit cases for staff promotion to the UNITAR Appointment and Promotion Board.
155. Some delegations indicated, however, that it might not be prudent to wait until the Special Committee had completely exhausted its current agenda before deciding on new subjects, since that approach, if carried to an extreme, might lead to a fracture in the Committee’s work.
The International Telecommunication Union (ITU) stated that it did not have the information requested, and similarly indicated that the French authorities should be contacted for the information.
68. The Division for Palestinian Rights, in cooperation with relevant technical services of the United Nations Secretariat, continued to develop UNISPAL, as mandated by the General Assembly in 1991.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
When lives are at stake, delaying any form of benevolent response is unconscionable.
As there is a factor included in the usage rates to cover such loss or damage, approval of the proposal would lead to a double payment to troop-contributing countries.
The Governing Council shall adopt its own rules of procedure.
2. Effects of atomic radiation: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/52/614) [84].
When all the intended visits have been accomplished a draft Country Profile Paper (CPP) will be prepared and then a national workshop will be organized to discuss the CPP.
When no material standard exists for the steel in question, the values of Re and Rm used shall be approved by the competent authority or its authorized body.
Together with the Public Inquiries Unit and the Group Programmes Unit, the United Nations guided tour programme constitutes a unique and effective information dissemination activity.
605. The Committee also recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures to prevent and combat child abuse, including sexual abuse, and the sale and trafficking of children, child prostitution and child pornography.
Expenditure on the reimbursement scheme fell to unprecedented levels, owing to the low rates charged at government hospitals and discontinuation of reimbursement for treatment at private hospitals as of August 1996.
All interested members of delegations and United Nations staff are invited to attend.
The resulting report describes lessons learned and offers recommendations on policy options to address the specific problems of elderly refugees.
(e) United Nations system organizations should maintain and/or update data banks of local or regional expertise, taking into account the contribution made by their fellowship programmes to foster an increased use of such expertise, access to these data banks should be widely open and providers of services to the United Nations system should be encouraged to avail themselves of that expertise.
UNCHS (Habitat), like most other agencies, charges administrative overheads for the implementation of projects under earmarked funds, generally at the rate of 13 per cent of the amount of project activities.
Related estimates would depend on the number of such panels, if any, the extent of their work and their membership;
I need hardly draw the contrast between this public appeal for lawfulness and the campaign of national hate seen daily in the Ethiopian media.
(d) Approval required by Headquarters Committee on Contracts: over 200,000.
45. Amphetamine abuse continued to increase in Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Philippines, Republic of Korea and Thailand.
In other words, States balance their desire to see persons they label as transnational terrorists punished for their crimes against the preservation of their own discretion as to whether to surrender persons alleged to be terrorists by other States.G. Gilbert, “The 'Law' and 'Transnational Terrorism'”, Netherlands Yearbook of International Law, vol.
To achieve this, Governments must eliminate all forms of subsidies and other aid that supported the expansion of fishing capacity, over-capitalization or the migration of their fishing fleets to distant waters.
Five cases have been reported, including one whose family name is Kahindo.
Reaffirming the mandates of the specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system to take all the appropriate measures, within their respective spheres of competence, to ensure the full implementation of General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV) and other relevant resolutions,
Furthermore, the State party should develop a national policy on children and an integrated legal approach to child rights.
They stated that the killing of a male nurse and the numerous attacks against the ambulance he was travelling in proved their claim.
– Debt and financial management (legal aspects)
6.6.4.14.5 In addition, at the 5 year periodic inspection and test of non-vacuum insulated tanks the jacket and insulation shall be removed, but only to the extent necessary for a reliable appraisal.
Annex Report of the Chairman of Sessional Committee I on the work of the Panel Meeting on agenda item 4
11. In order to complete the above-mentioned tasks, it was necessary to retain 22 international staff and 20 local staff in Zagreb up to 15 August 1997.
41. The representative of Brazil said that the Expert Meeting had been very informative, especially on the issue of investment policies and how the private sector took decisions regarding investment locations.
(b) To continue cooperating with the Arab countries, the Palestine Liberation Organization and competent Arab regional organizations, especially the Arab Industrial Development and Mining Organization (AIDMO), for the purpose of further accelerating cooperation, including regional industrial cooperation and promoting industrial investments in the region;
The International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) supported an airdrop operation, which the United Nations subsequently complemented with an airlift.
Furthermore, such acts of terror know no bounds, for these terrorists even took advantage of a religious occasion attended by Bishop Belo to bless the statue of the Virgin Mary at the peak of the province’s highest mountain, to kill two pilgrims at Ramelau Mount, Ainaro District, on 7 October 1997.
UNRWA’s basic education programme, which covered obligatory schooling requirements in each field of operation, consisted of an elementary cycle of six years and a preparatory cycle of three or four years, depending on local norms.
"Let peace and prosperity come to the land of Afghanistan"
Palestine refugees’ properties and their revenues
The Special Representative is particularly concerned about the incidence of HIV infection among prostitutes, including young ones, and the inadequacy of preventive and social measures to address this acute problem.
General debate on all disarmament and international security items (items 62 to 82) (A/C.1/52/INF/1)
D. Initial reports due in 1995 Algeria 16 May 1993
This meeting was organized in close cooperation with UNICEF, and was designed to ensure wider awareness of the Convention, as well as of the activities of the Committee.
As ISO 14001 is not a performance standard, its implementation does not necessarily require investment in equipment or technology.
First and foremost, there are significant financial and foreign exchange constraints impeding capacity-building, and productivity in existing capacity remains low.
Even after committing the grave crimes against humanity, unprecedented in the history of mankind, Japan has been accustomed to justify them and to shift the blame onto others.
In the face of these formidable challenges, he commended the efforts made by the land-locked countries and their transit neighbours to launch a range of transit infrastructure development programmes and to improve cooperative arrangements among themselves based on bilateral and subregional transit agreements.
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work
To that end, a note will be given to the agents representing the parties to new cases at their first meeting with the Registrar.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Republic of Korea, Romania, the United States, Cuba and Algeria.
378. The Committee is concerned about the situation of women in the labour market and emphasizes the current Asian economic crisis and its impact on the situation of women.
54. In 1996, the Government of Quebec, in Canada, organized a programme of activities spread out over the entire year.
Globalization and liberalization are having an immense impact on both developing and developed countries.
This report provides commentary only on those paragraphs that impact on the working methods of the Assembly and the Secretariat and where further elaboration was deemed necessary.
For many countries in the region with severe debt burdens, the large share of multilateral debt continues to represent an obstacle to improving their debt profile.
178. Owing to the lack of time, the Committee decided to continue its consideration of this question at the second part of its thirty-eighth session.
These items had been stored under inappropriate conditions for two to four years.
4. (a) This Convention shall be open for signature or accession by international organizations and regional organizations of an integration or other nature provided that such organization is constituted by sovereign States and has competence in respect of the negotiation, conclusion and application of international agreements in matters covered by this Convention;
International Commission on Irrigation and Drainage (ICID): control of evaporation from soil and open water surfaces in water harvesting structures; impact of drought on irrigated agriculture; food security and sustainable development in Africa.
1980 "Justiciability of Social and Economic Rights in Norway."
15 Ibid., Supplement No. 9 (A/53/9), chap. III.
In addition, an Investigation Manual was completed and posted on the home page of the Office on the Internet.
The General Assembly proceeded to take decisions on draft resolutions A/52/L.49, L.50 and 51.
Ayodhya issue By the Supreme Court judgement of 24 October 1994, the pending suits and other proceedings relating to the disputed Ram Janma Bhoomi-Babri Masjid area have been consolidated for final adjudication of the dispute by the Allahabad High Court.
46. Although the physical conference facilities at Nairobi were underutilized, the picture was incomplete, because conference service translators and editors were fully utilized in providing additional remote translation services.
This included losses of cash and receivables amounting to $1.67 million ($0.41 million in 1994-1995) for the United Nations General Fund and related activities written off in accordance with financial rule 110.14; in addition, property totalling $18.15 million, based on original cost ($0.88 million in 1994-1995), was also written off in accordance with financial rule 110.15.
The subregional training of trainers (TOT) programme and the pilot course on leadership and skill training for elected officials was held in August 1995 in Predeal, Romania, with the participation of experts and trainers from the Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Republic of Moldova, Slovakia and Romania.
To capitalize is to record an environmental cost as an integral part of a related asset, or as a separate asset, as appropriate.
The action was geared towards revitalizing public health clinics in Grand Bassa county.
Note 5. United Nations Emergency Force (1973) and United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (statement XXIV)
192. OLDEPESCA has advised that it had no information relating to fisheries by-catch, discards or the incidental capture of seabirds within its area of competence.
Mobilizing international private financial flows for development
(b)[ A detailed quantification of any emissions allowed or emission credits acquired or transferred according to the provisions in Articles 5 and 6; and]
It also decided to continue examining the implementation of the 1988 Convention by States members of the Subcommission.
22. The Government appointed a Saami Rights Commission in 1980, which inter alia was to look into the Saami rights to land and water.
12. Capacity enhancement, through institution-building and strengthening of national and regional institutions in the developing countries, has been a major focus of TCDC and ECDC in terms of the activities supported by various United Nations organizations and agencies.
In March 1998, the Agency adjusted the co-payment rate at Qalqilia hospital to bring it into line with the rate applied at contracted hospitals, so as to maintain essential in-patient services in the face of rising hospitalization costs (see para. 9).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 33.
In conjunction with the Department of Political Affairs, he oversees and guides the activities of UNSMA, including coordination and cooperation in humanitarian and other United Nations activities in Afghanistan.
6. The guidelines were elaborated by the experts and complemented by comments and suggestions from the observers for Governments, specialized agencies and non-governmental organizations.
166. Two publications resulting from the UNU/WIDER project on the Wave of Emergencies of the Last Decade have been especially popular.
The secretariat shall maintain a list of speakers.
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.7 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.
35. The decisions of the General Assembly have been implemented as follows: the limitations placed by the resolution affect elected staff representatives acting in that capacity under article VIII of the Staff Regulations and chapter 8 of the Staff Rules, and not staff elected to serve in other capacities, for instance as members of the Joint Appeals Board or the Joint Disciplinary Committee.
Since he assumed his functions in May 1996, Mr. Hammarberg has undertaken 10 official missions to Cambodia and reported to the General Assembly and to the Commission on Human Rights.2
(a) Communicate and regularly update information on agricultural practices that increase carbon sequestration and reduce greenhouse gas emissions with the aim of establishing, in cooperation, an international database.
1. The following States members of UNCTAD were represented at the session: Argentina Australia Benin
The recorded expenditure amounted to $1,649,800, resulting in an unutilized balance of $200.
5. The Secretary-General’s proposal is intended to be prospective.
Telemedicine is making trade in health services possible through the "cross-border" mode.
68. UNFPA informed the Board that the Sub-Group reviews the premises and related costs in selected countries.
Because of the severe shortage of foreign exchange and the possibility of default, some of the funds were disbursed immediately upon agreement of the package.
Functional commissions could also consider whether the reports of other functional commissions are relevant to their work and, if so, request the Bureau of the Economic and Social Council to arrange for this material to be made available to them.
37. Expresses its appreciation for the ongoing programme for broadcasters and journalists from developing countries conducted by the Department of Public Information, and calls for its further expansion so as to include a larger number of trainees from developing countries, as well as trainees from countries in transition;
Recalling, in this fiftieth anniversary of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide, Resolution 260 A (III). article 6 of the Convention, and acknowledging in this context the historic significance of the adoption of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, A/CONF.183/9.
Unlike States with developed labour markets, we have concentrations of unemployment in some regions and difficulties in overcoming it because of the considerable local singularities.
18. Community distribution of family planning and basic health care services is a well established mode of programme activity in all regions.
This would allow a more substantive and fluid debate.
Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby-Traps and other Devices as Amended on 3 May 1996 (Protocol II as Amended on 3 May 1996) annexed to the Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons which may be deemed to be Excessively Injurious or to have Indiscriminate Effects, adopted by the Conference of the States Parties at Geneva on 3 May 1996
(a) Electronic commerce: In considering electronic commerce, participants recognised that while basic business concepts such as the customer, goods and payment validation would not change, business and government practices were likely to change rapidly in such a fast-moving situation.
“The United Nations and NGOs: 50 years of building partnerships”, a 10-minute video to commemorate the 50th annual DPI/NGO conference, in English
7. Questions relating to information: report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) (A/52/619) [89].
The Committee also recommends that the Citizenship Act, the Village and Towns Acts and the Whipping Acts be repealed.
A similar situation applies as regards the use of risk assessment and profiling programmes.
It is proposed to establish work units at the national level to collect and coordinate the data from the national work units and coordinate between these units, and central work units at the regional level to unify all data and activities pertaining to desertification monitoring and control.
Implementation of General Assembly resolutions 49/249 and 50/224
Mindful of the fact that it is essential to provide the Mission of Observers with the necessary financial resources to enable it to fulfil its responsibilities under the relevant resolutions of the Security Council,
The Administration also informed the Board that it had performed extensive reconciliations to ensure that appropriate classifications of accounts were made, including some adjustments and corrections to initial entries.
21. With respect to UNHCR’s work in repatriating Saharan refugees, the Secretary-General pointed out the importance of formalizing the agency’s presence in the Territory, and in that respect he noted with satisfaction the Moroccan readiness to cooperate with UNHCR.
47/100 Implementation of the United Nations System-Wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control and the Global Programme of Action against illicit production, supply, demand, trafficking and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances: action by agencies of the United Nations system
In this connection the importance of stricter controls of axle load regulations and maintenance procedures as well as the further harmonization and simplification of customs procedures and documentation and road user charges at the subregional level was particularly underlined. The need for the expansion of regional and national training programmes for transit transport managements and operators was also emphasized.
It focused on African mountain development in a changing economic world, and provided an opportunity for researchers from the UNU/PLEC Uganda cluster to interact with the networks created under the African Mountain Association, promoting further integration between various UNU initiatives.
3. Programme to compensate the owners of animals infected with anthrax in the Comoros
16. The Secretariat made an introductory statement on the eradication of illicit narcotic crops and promotion of alternative development programmes.
In March 1997, an FAO workshop on the theme “Experience in reforms and integration of European agriculture” was attended by 16 Central and Eastern European and CIS countries.
An agreement on a two-year multisectoral drug control assistance package was signed by UNDCP and the Palestinian Authority in April 1996.
63. UNIFEM collaborates with the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) in supporting six field-based gender, population and development advisers.
Noting the revised Guidelines on Refugee Children issued by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in May 1994 and the development of an emergency kit to facilitate coordination and to enhance the quality of responses to the needs of unaccompanied minors by the Office of the High Commissioner, the United Nations Children’s Fund and non-governmental organizations,
50. Cooperation with the OAU Inter-African Bureau for Animal Resources on the Pan African Rinderpest Campaign has produced successes leading to consideration being given to the broadening of the Campaign’s effort to cover a wider range of cross-border contagious livestock diseases.
Current expenditures (budgetary and extrabudgetary) came to about 20.7 per cent of GDP in 1996. Capital expenditure remains low due to the lack of counterpart funds from project disbursements – a response by some donors to the accumulated arrears of external debt-service payments.
Of particular concern were delays in implementing reforms to the fiscal structure of the country, as they could affect the long-term sustainability of the current reforms.
It was noted that the Commission on Crime Prevention and Control had strategic management responsibility for the Programme and was involved in streamlining its work and thus reducing the demands for substantive servicing so that more resources could be devoted to providing technical assistance to the countries in need.
OCI is a multi-spectral imager generating six-colour ocean images with an 800 km swath width and 1 km GSD by the whisk-broom scanning method.
“7. Takes note of the conclusions of the ministerial consultation on the proposal for a moratorium on the importing, exporting and manufacture of light weapons in the region, held at Bamako on 26 March 1997, and encourages the States concerned to pursue their consultations on the matter;
sixteenth executive session be determined)
6. By “organizational structures” the Secretary-General means any unit that is established in connection with a legislated mandate.
Provision under this line item is not applicable.
UNDCP also provides, on request, assistance to Member States in establishing or strengthening national drug detection laboratories.
23. A new cholera epidemic occurred in December 1997 and spread from Merca to Mogadishu.
The Economic and Social Council, in its resolution 1993/80 of 30 July 1993, decided to undertake a general review of arrangements for consultation with non-governmental organizations, with a view to updating resolution 1296 (XLIV) of 23 May 1968, as well as introducing coherence in the rules governing the participation of non-governmental organizations in international conferences convened by the United Nations.
From contributions from Parties and one-time contribution of $1 million from UNDP’s global programme resources, per section 4.1
A similar approach can be witnessed in regions and municipalities controlled by Croat or Bosniak extreme nationalists.
GROUP OF EXPERTS ON DISARMAMENT OF THE FIRST COMMITTEE
Several leaders stated that they were generally satisfied with the functioning of the National Election Committee and the Provincial Election Commissions, while several cited instances of intimidation.
7. Notification by the Secretary-General under Article 12, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations (item 7).
38. As part of the ongoing trends and data analysis for the World Investment Report, comprehensive investment policy reviews are being undertaken.
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
2. In paragraph 12 of the aforementioned resolution, the General Assembly reiterated its request to the Committee, in consultation with the organs concerned, to examine the cases where the utilization factor was lower than the established benchmark figure for at least three sessions, with a view to reporting on problems and factors that had given rise to such a situation, and to make appropriate recommendations in order to achieve the optimum utilization of conference-servicing resources.
Replacement projects and upgrading originally scheduled for the biennium 2000–2001 had to be initiated earlier, to ensure system compliance by the end of the current biennium.
Non—governmental organizations having general or special consultative status may designate authorized representatives to sit as observers at public meetings of the Sub—Commission and its working groups.
“Having decided to consider the nominations for judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia received by the Secretary-General by 4 August 1998,
The office chairs the United Nations Theme Group on Good Governance, Democracy and Human Rights.
Rule 18 (Powers of the Acting Chairperson)
The prior period adjustment of $69,616 decreased the shortfall of income over expenditure to $345,307. After inclusion of savings on prior period’s obligations of $426,829, the fund balance amounted to $2,567,783.
It was evident that the partners participated more effectively in the process in the third substantive session of the Preparatory Committee for Habitat II and in the Conference itself when the rules and procedures were relaxed.
GLIN is an automated, non-commercial database of national laws, statutes and regulations, developed and coordinated by the Law Library of the United States Library of Congress.
(b) Replace the current text of the methodology by a text requiring that in cities where the local language was not a working language of the organizations, employers be carefully surveyed to determine what, if any, bonus or other payment they made to those staff required to work in a working language of the organizations, and that the results of such a determination be appropriately reflected in the pay scales established by the survey.
Yet, in any case, they point to the conclusion that States may and must incur a sufficiently serious degree of responsibility for gross violations of human rights in the manner provided for by international law, despite the fact that such violations, if not on a large scale, do not constitute international crimes.
Interested members should only exceptionally take the floor at this stage.
Letter dated 24 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
We will continue, bilaterally and through this group, our support and assistance to Albania.
17. The Working Group prepared lists of issues and questions relating to the subsequent reports of four States parties, namely, Bulgaria, the Dominican Republic, Indonesia and Mexico.
As shown in annex VIII.B, a voluntary contribution in cash in the amount of $1,006 has been made to MINURSO by the Government of Cyprus.
He noted that both the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions and ICSC had identified the need to revise the Standards in order to reflect current human resource practices and indicated that his organization was prepared to cooperate in that effort.
(c) the minimum thickness specified in the applicable portable tank instruction in 4.2.4.2.6 or by a portable tank special provision indicated in Column 11 of the Dangerous Goods List.
This was elaborated upon in detail in June 1997.
Paragraph 24.1 Replace paragraph 24.1 with the following:
Owing to difficulty in obtaining sustained project funding for special education, ways were being explored to provide assistance to all children with learning difficulties at no additional cost to the Agency, utilizing existing resources and expertise.
Early warning should be followed by early action to prevent the outbreak of conflicts.
The Security Council, by its resolution 1035 (1995) of 21 December 1995, established for a period of one year, a United Nations civilian police force to be known as the International Police Task Force (IPTF).
By its resolution 1142 (1997) of 4 December 1997, the Security Council extended the mandate of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force (UNPREDEP) for a final period until 31 August 1998, with the withdrawal of the military component immediately thereafter.
I would appreciate it if you would bring the present letter and its attachments to the attention of members of the Security Council and the General Assembly for their approval of the request for the establishment of an additional Trial Chamber, and the election of four additional judges, for the Tribunal.
Addendum: Proposals for a protocol or another legal instrument.
28. The audit disclosed certain weaknesses in the monitoring and control of the contracts with the administrators of the New York and Van Breda plans, raising questions about the accuracy and reasonableness of the health care charges and administrative costs reported by those companies.
As an illustration, under statutory provisions applicable to the United States federal civil service, perhaps more relevant than others because it served as the comparator for the conditions of service of staff in the Professional and higher categories, a "former spouse survivor annuity" was payable, either because a qualifying court order or voluntary election, with a corresponding reduction in the retirement benefit payable to the main beneficiary.
4.2.1.13 Insert "and Division 4.1 self-reactive substances" after "Division 5.2 substances."
Also, it was noted that difficulties in achieving mutual recognition of qualifications, diplomas and licensing made the circulation of natural persons as services suppliers rather difficult, and therefore more work on these issues was necessary.
The pre-session working group for the twentieth session will meet from 11 to 15 January 1999.
II. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Inter-Parliamentary Union
“Article 4 indicates those rights which are considered to be non—derogable and the Human Rights Committee in 1981 issued a very brief general comment on that provision.
Failure to satisfy the right to education amounts in practice to the denial of all other rights for the future of that individual or human group.
3. Current situation with respect to regional and subregional cooperation, including the review of the progress made and barriers encountered in implementing article 17 of the 1988 Convention.
12. As shown in annexes I and II, interest ($6,944,000) and miscellaneous income ($27,491,000) credited to the special account of UNTAC totalled $34,435,000, inclusive of adjustments arising from unutilized obligations from prior periods. Of that amount $32,562,900 gross ($25,691,600 net) was to be used to cover the appropriation of an equal amount in accordance with paragraph 9 of General Assembly resolution 48/255.
The contractor had offered a price of only $145,522 because, according to him, some items were shopworn, damaged and marked down.
The chairpersons had recommended that members of treaty bodies should refrain from participating in any aspect of the consideration of their country’s report in order to maintain impartiality, both in substance and appearance, and that Governments should refrain from nominating persons for election to treaty bodies whose political or other functions may not be reconcilable with the obligations of independent experts.
The Executive Director recommends that, for 1998, the UNICEF Maurice Pate Award be presented to the Pacific Regional Human Rights Education Resource Team and that the Executive Board approve an allocation of $25,000 from general resources for this purpose.
7. A list of the tasks entrusted to IPTF and a description of the responsibilities of the United Nations civilian office were contained in paragraphs 6 to 9 of the report of the Secretary-General of 4 December 1996 (A/51/519/Add.1).
59. The 1996 memorandum of understanding between UNHCR and UNICEF gives primary responsibility for the welfare of refugee children to UNHCR, while UNICEF takes the lead role for children in their country of origin.
4. Consideration of further actions and initiatives to implement the commitments made at the Summit.
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund
The activities undertaken by the extremist settler gangs, the excavations and the attempts to build a new settlement in Burj al-Laqlaq, as well as the takeover of housing units in Silwan, all represent an escalation in hostile and provocative Israeli settlement activity in occupied Arab East Jerusalem.
282. On 31 March, Ribhi Katamesh was released after a long period of administrative detention.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO)
Needless to say, this re-investment in the human being will certainly be beneficial to trade and economic exchanges in general, because it will revive moribund economic activities and will permit more human being-friendly new business to be explored.
The Bureau plans to gradually expand its capacity-building activities to other war-ravaged areas, especially in the Balkans, the Caucasus, southern Africa and South Asia.
21. United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations are also collaborating on finding solutions for unaccompanied minors among the residents of camps for internally displaced people in the Sudan.
Detailed information on the trust fund is contained in annex VI.
Revised estimates for the development and implementation budget of the Integrated Management Information System
UNRWA began 1998 with depleted working capital, low cash reserves and no indication of a significant increase in overall income.
Note 1. The United Nations and its activities
10. The programme identifies important operational objectives and priority activities within the framework of five key programme elements: integrated marine and coastal area management (IMCAM); marine and coastal living resources; marine and coastal protected areas; mariculture; and alien species.
Today, the Greek Cypriot administration is still perpetuating a policy of religious intolerance towards the Islamic heritage in South Cyprus, where Ottoman Turkish architecture is under threat of disintegration as a result of total neglect.
2. The suggestion to convene an extraordinary three-day meeting of the chairpersons in February 1998 is welcomed as it would provide an opportunity to further explore the issue of possible reforms designed to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of the treaty body system;
C. Recent developments of international institutions
Some Governments, well known for their support to national and international cooperative development, have not answered the questionnaire.
If an Annex A or Annex B Party achieves real reductions in net anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases which are greater than that determined by its commitments, this difference (in terms of the sum of annual reductions of tonnes of carbon equivalent) is registered as a contribution to the fulfillment of that Party's commitments for the next period.
At 2215 hours the minion Lahad's militia fired a mortar shell that fell in an outlying area of Majdal Silm.
In its resolution 1996/24, the Sub—Commission requested the Special Rapporteur to submit his final report at its forty—ninth session (1997).
Although the new Press Law (Act No. 16,099) is in general a positive achievement, the Committee is concerned that it still includes provisions that might impede the full exercise of freedom of expression.
Commodity conferences 3/ As required up to
All special missions were non-family duty stations, and staff were required to maintain their families at the parent duty station.
In 1990, Finland was the first country to apply a CO2 tax, currently (1996) equivalent to about US$ 8.5 per tonne of CO2.
A. Opening and duration of the Meeting 1-3 2
This practice was based on and consonant with the pertinent provisions of General Assembly resolution 2819 (XXVI).
Greater aid for infrastructure development in Africa, including road and rail networks, telecommunications capacities, computer systems and port facilities, would leave a tangible mark while generating employment, expertise and revenues in Africa itself.
On the other hand, stories concerning, for instance, the alleviation of poverty, social development, the rights of the ageing and the disabled, and so forth rarely appear in the newspapers or on broadcasts.
(iv) Reduce the amount of organic waste disposed of in landfill sites where this is the best practicable environmental option; and
4.1. MONITORING OF CONCENTRATIONS: SPHERE OF APPLICATION
8. WFP and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) undertook a food crop assessment in September 1997, which estimated the total cereal utilization at 601,000 tons and the net deficit for 1997–1998 at 247,000 tons.
(b) Welcomes the progress made in a number of the countries of the Commonwealth of Independent States in implementing the Programme of Action in both governmental and non-governmental sectors;
848. The Committee recommends that the State party launch a systematic information campaign, for both children and adults, on the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
54. Concern was expressed about the proposed deletion of General Assembly resolution 50/84 of 15 December 1995, entitled “Question of Palestine”, as a legislative mandate for the programme.
96. In another documented case in Phnom Penh, three young boys aged 14 and 16 held in the Youth Rehabilitation Centre were whipped with an electric cable on several parts of the body by one known police officer and another official.
(f) Appointment of members of the International Civil Service Commission: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/675)
The first table shows, for 1997, the number of retiree and non-retiree participants in the eight plans and how much each of these groups contributed towards the total cost of each plan.
Of this, an amount of $1,199,200 gross ($1,070,300 net) has been concurred in by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions for completion of the liquidation tasks.
12. Under this item, members of the Working Group may consider a range of issues relating to its mandate, including the definition of minorities.
The work would involve contacts with medical experts to draw up catalogues and prepare material for multimedia presentations.
The Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) will hold its third session from 1 to 10 December 1997.
Rule 52 (Submission of proposals and substantive amendments)
But the Panel found that, like Denmark’s Claim discussed above, the Claimant’s statement of claim did not meet the Commission’s particularity requirement nor was it supported by any evidence.
(e) modalities of staffing the Global Mechanism; and
Additionally, he has received recommendations in this regard from the Executive Coordinator for Reform and the Under-Secretary-General for Administration and Management.
The most important asset of people living in poverty is their labour time.
The housing units are currently under construction in the “CARICOM Village” located in the north of the island.
Germany indicated that it will compare 1994-1995 inventories also, once the national energy balance for those years is completed.
The sides call for an immediate halt to the fratricidal war and for the commencement of a constructive dialogue between the opposing Afghan sides, bearing in mind the need to establish solid foundations for the administration of the State through the creation of a broadly representative Government with the participation of all strata of the population, national and religious groups and influential political forces.
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries
Exchange of views on agenda item 83 (Rationalization of work and reform of the agenda of the First Committee) (A/C.1/52/INF/ 1)
The Committee notes the constructive dialogue it had with the delegation of the State party, and the replies it received from the delegation during the dialogue.
There is a growing number of treaties between countries which exempt foreign investors from double-taxation.
In addition, profiling of seized drugs is increasingly viewed as a valuable complement to routine law enforcement investigative work on new trafficking routes.
Through the same decision the COP requested the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) to prepare, with the assistance of the secretariat, a synthesis report for consideration by the COP(decision 5/CP.1, para. 2(c)).
Products benefiting from tariff quotas are often narrowly defined, exclude standard trade qualities, or are provided for industrial use.
UNDCP United Nations International Drug Control Programme
Annex II Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997: supplementary information
Examples of topics in this category include, subsidies, loan guarantees and other import/export incentives.
2. In order to enable the General Assembly to take the required action, it will be necessary to reopen consideration of agenda item 17 (a).
It was suggested that (i) and (ii) of (a) could be merged.
14. After the adoption of the draft resolution, a statement was made by the representative of the United States of America (see A/C.3/53/SR.46).
(b) Extend the expiry date of the HIPC initiative at the time of its scheduled review in September 1998;
404. The Madrid Protocol on Environment Protection to the Antarctic Treaty entered into force on 14 January 1998, following ratification by the 26 Antarctic Treaty consultative Parties.
The views received from Lebanon were submitted in response to both General Assembly resolution 52/38 R and 52/38 B, and are reproduced in annex I.
IX. Observations and comments on previous recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
National governments, local governments, business large/ small, education/research institutions, consultants/ engineering design firms, financial institutions and the public
TENDER FOR THE CCD COMMITTEE ON SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY
Additional requirements of $246,100 were due to changes in contractual arrangements.
The view was expressed that the Committee should have been consulted before these guidelines were issued.
Overpayment of mission subsistence allowance at the United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission
195. WWF stressed that it had become increasingly concerned over the impact of certain types of fishing gear on marine ecosystems, such as bottom trawls and longlines, which had recently been demonstrated to have serious impacts on both non-target species and the marine environment itself.
32. UNFPA followed a proactive process when formulating the 1996–1999 intercountry programme by linking it to country needs.
The emerging private sector has on the other hand exhibited resilience and capacity to adapt to a still-uncertain policy environment.
It further recommends that authorities develop and implement appropriate creative and socio-educational measures of discipline which respect all the rights of the child.
I appreciate that Governments have their priorities in the allocation of funds.
23. Requests the Secretary-General to report to it at its fifty-fourth session on the progress made in the implementation of measures, recommendations and activities related to the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty, including recommendations for possible action and initiatives towards the new millennium and proposals for better coordination of action taken by the United Nations system;
3. The Fifth Committee also had before it a note by the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/8), in which, in accordance with the provisions of article 20 of the regulations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund, the Secretary-General submitted for confirmation by the General Assembly the reappointment of Yves Oltramare (Switzerland), Emmanuel Noi Omaboe (Ghana) and Jürgen Reimnitz (Germany) as members of the Investments Committee for three-year terms of office beginning on 1 January 1999.
WHO also considers water supply and sanitation as an important concern, for which US$ 39,500 has been provided.
The social reintegration of demobilized soldiers and their employment remain priorities for the country.
3. In the light of those developments, the General Assembly reaffirmed the importance it attached to compliance with its resolution 46/215, in particular to those provisions calling for full implementation of a global moratorium on all large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing on the high seas of the world’s oceans and seas, including enclosed seas and semi-enclosed seas.
However, NRCT is not the only government organization that is responsible for the space programme.
231. At the 47th meeting, on 31 July, the Council adopted the draft decision as orally amended.
22. The practice of placing piecemeal purchase orders for commonly used commodities should be avoided.
The excessive delay which this mechanism causes in the receipt of the funds by the final beneficiary of a given payment results in higher costs.
Adoption of Rules of Procedure and Terms of Reference of Committee on Science and Technology (ICCD/COP(1)/2)
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Second Committee in paragraph 7 of Part V of its report (A/52/629/Add.4) (resolution 52/200).
That measure was revoked following the widespread outcry against the reductions and receipt of additional contributions (see paras. 4 to 6).
This case took nearly 20 years before it finally came up in the Supreme Court, and the decision was handed down on 29 January 1981.
Moreover, the Committee is concerned at the high number of institutionalized children and that insufficient measures have been taken to ensure effective alternatives to institutional care and to promote their social reintegration.
Informal consultations on agenda item 114 (Review of the ef-ficiency of the administration and financial functioning of the United Nations: Strengthening of the external oversight mecha-nisms (A/49/471 and Corr.1, A/49/633, A/49/368 and Corr.1 and A/51/674))
Its zeal in enhancing the basic human rights of all its people, irrespective of ethnic or religious backgrounds, gender or different cultures, is reaffirmed by the launching of the National Plan of Action on 25 June 1998, which was intended to coincide with the fiftieth anniversary of the 1948 Declaration of Human Rights.
IV. Selection, use and monitoring of plan administrators
In addition to the briefing on the standby arrangements provided to African Member States in November 1997, the Service carries out continuous briefings on the system including to external organizations.
(c) Requested the President of the Board to organize an informal meeting on 21 November 1997 for the purpose of considering organizational and procedural matters related to the seventh session of the General Conference;
73. Government actions will speak the loudest, but important signals can also be sent. One signal might be the development of a national plan of action for human rights aimed, for example, at advancing the ratification of human rights treaties, reviewing and amending legislation to ensure that human rights are adequately protected, and promoting human rights training of judges, police officers, lawyers and prison officials.
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution.
Kibuye Prefecture had not been visited since March 1997, owing to security and logistics-related constraints.
Following the serious border incidents in the area of the posts Gorozup and Liken, provoked from inside Albania on 27 and 28 November 1998, a strong protest note was delivered to the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Albanian Embassy in Belgrade at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs today.
(f) Actuarial implications of the proposed UN/UNJSPF cost-sharing arrangements
6. Expresses concern about the high vacancy rate in the Professional and General Service categories of staff at the Tribunal and requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary measures, including those related to the recruitment process, to address the situation, and to report thereon to the General Assembly in the budget proposals for the year 2000;
I have the honour to draw your attention to the statement issued in Brussels on 8 July 1998 by the Presidency on behalf of the European Union regarding Algeria.
III. Recommendation of the Second Committee
The Greek Cypriot daily Cyprus Mail of 28 October 1998 reported that "television footage of the scene showed members of MMAD (rapid reaction force) dressed in riot-gear viciously kicking, stomping and clubbing the African men, after using tear-gas on them to quell a cell-block riot".
Debt relief, additional and well-targeted resources, access to markets, information and technology, as well as better trade opportunities are all crucial to poverty reduction and eradication.
However, one of the persons involved in a case of forgery had failed to respond to the Fund's request for a refund of $7,693.
Agenda item 73 (a) of the preliminary list A/53/50.
Government contributions from 25 September 1997 to 31 July 1998
76. The internal corruption described above can have several connections in other countries: it then becomes transboundary and is carried out by private companies or individuals on a large scale and involving several States.
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.
However, administrative traditions and the power entrusted to local governments have also played a role in deciding on the kind of support agency to be established.
Only very few cases of neonatal tetanus, all in high-risk areas, occurred in 1997, which means that Lebanon has continued to maintain elimination status.
The audit gave rise to the following main observations and conclusions:
Second, an IPA usually also undertakes activities related to investor targeting, including: identifying potential investors; preparing investment profiles and feasibility studies; making direct contact with prospective investors and bringing to bear all kinds of marketing and selling skills to generate an investment.
Fifty years ago, development theorists focused almost exclusively on the objective of increasing GDP, with capital accumulation regarded as the main requirement for growth.
Concerned that the surplus balances in the Special Account for the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force have been used to meet expenses of the Force in order to compensate for the lack of income resulting from non-payment and late payment by Member States of their contributions,
However, despite these efforts, the results achieved are still not optimal, bearing in mind the tremendous potential of TCDC and ECDC as cost-effective modalities of international development cooperation.
They also urged the Security Council to institutionalize such measures and stressed that a commitment to institutionalize them should be an element of a package agreement on the reform of the Security Council.
(c) To strengthen participation and cooperation among all actors concerned with social development, as well as promotion of actions towards accomplishing the priorities of national programmes and internationally agreed norms;
This has occurred largely through buy-backs supported by the World Bank’s Debt Restructuring Facility and the IMF’s Economic Structural Adjustment Facility for low-income countries and through officially supported debt and debt-service reduction programmes (Brady operations) for middle-income countries.
When the Japanese imperialists suffered one defeat after another on the war fronts, they fabricated and effectuated evil laws, including the “Revised National Draft Order” (September 1943), the “Draft Order for All Middle-Aged Men”, the “Student Labour Order” and the “Women Voluntary Service Corps Labour Order” (August 1944), by which they forcibly conscripted all young and middle-aged Koreans, irrespective of their profession, age and sex, and drove them into a hell of drudgery.
7. Some conclusions have been drawn provisionally. As previously indicated, cost measurements cannot be made independently of the decision framework.
14. All other laws and practices insofar as they may have an effect on cooperatives: Many laws and judicial and administrative practices may affect the environment in which cooperatives operate, whether intentionally or not.
12. ICAO – Committee, one hundred and fifty-seventh session
The world is awash with these weapons which are difficult to monitor and next to impossible to intercept.
14. Given the importance attached to the situation in Africa by the General Assembly, the Security Council, the Secretary-General and the Department itself, we undertook at very short notice a major media outreach effort to publicize the recent report of the Secretary-General on Africa.
Japan generally grants a reduction of half of the MFN duty within the limits of binding tariff quotas for travel and leather goods and footwear, which are usually rapidly exhausted soon after the opening of the quotas.
7. Finally, Turkey has declared that there will be no impediment for its accession to the Convention following its exclusion from the Annexes.
(c) A consultant should be selected from among highly qualified candidates in their specific field of expertise, on the basis of a reasoned and documented process;
Inspection services will have to evolve from the classical inspection of final samples to auditing the application of the HACCP system.
238. The Committee is concerned that there are no special laws aimed at bringing about women’s de facto as well as de jure equality and that the Government has not demonstrated a commitment to introduce special, temporary measures in the near future.
7. In accordance with the relevant provision, the Statute shall enter into force on the first day of the month after the sixtieth day following the date of the deposit of the sixtieth instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession with the Secretary-General of the United Nations.
32. Australia was pleased to advise that the High Court decision reported to the Twentieth Meeting of HONLEA, Asia and the Pacific, ruling that controlled deliveries were illegal in Australia had been superseded by new legislation.
It was again emphasized that statements concerning the drug abuse and trafficking situation in a country or containing statistical data on drug seizures should not be given orally.
They also commended the Secretariat’s work in developing training norms for peacekeepers.
The Ministerial Conference shall prepare for the Summit.
Data management expert + 5 typists Sundries
Nevertheless, the resources for headquarters and field operations contained in the outline for 1998-1999 essentially relate to the biennial support budget, and project activities to the programme budget contained in the present document.
(a) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Agency (A/52/285);
The necessary actions to be taken by States to prevent diversion, and the success of those actions in identifying attempted diversions and stopping shipments, are only possible if States have established an adequate legislative basis or system of control that allows them to effectively monitor the movement of precursors.
Statements were made by the representatives of Kazakhstan (on behalf of certain members of the Commonwealth of Independent States), Egypt, Bahrain, Brazil, Lebanon, Saudi Arabia, Ukraine (also on behalf of the Republic of Moldova), the Islamic Republic of Iran, Cuba, China, Indonesia, the Republic of Korea and the Dominican Republic.
Other attacks were also attributed to the cell.
31. Under resolution 1125 (1997) of 6 August 1997, the Security Council endorsed the regional peacekeeping operation currently deployed in the country, the Inter-African Mission to Monitor the Implementation of the Bangui Agreements (MISAB).
This part of the assessment will form the core element in terms of identifying and quantifying the trade efficiency of a country.
Previously, intersectoral projects aimed at formulating coordinated national programmes and strengthening drug control institutions.
There have been some instances of joint evaluations.
No member had the right of veto in the Committee.
A Senior Management Committee, chaired by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, will review the draft evaluation reports.
The General Assembly has elected the following Member States Vice-Presidents of the Assembly: Brunei Darussalam, Cameroon, China, France, Georgia, Germany, Lesotho, Liberia, Morocco, Myanmar, Nicaragua, Russian Federation, San Marino, Senegal, Suriname, Syrian Arab Republic, Turkmenistan, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America and Yemen.
How could decreasing costs in telecommunications be better geared to LDCs’ participation in global networks?
In addition, business-class travel by air may be authorized by the Secretary-General in certain circumstances, in accordance with administrative instruction ST/AI/249/Rev.3 of 29 March 1989.
In cases Nos. 619/1995 (Deidrick v. Jamaica), 704/1996 (Shaw v. Jamaica) and 732/1997 (Whyte v. Jamaica), the Committee found violations of article 7 in respect of the conditions of detention.
She is the wife of one Kamil Yusuf Abd Allah, who has been held in Khiyam prison since 25 January 1998.
The team included experts from Egypt and the Netherlands.
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.20 and L.37
shall be payable as of the first day of the month following the death of the former participant.
An additional uncertainty in both directions is related to the effects of deregulation of the electricity market.
Reliable sources claim that Ayatollah al-Burujerdi had suffered various forms of harassment by Iraqi officials in the two years prior to his death.
As a loan administrator, the Office reviews and approves the withdrawal applications submitted by Governments to draw funds from the loan account maintained by IFAD.
45. There is a continued perception that globalization is a powerful force leading to new opportunities and challenges.
“Report on a proposal for a world financial organization”, press release issue in English in July
– Signing Ceremony between the Economic Commission for Africa and the Government of Japan – Cabinet Office of the Executive Secretary
This is a requirement ensuing from the constitutional principle of freedom of speech.
394. Concern is expressed that, since the protections in the Penal Code are limited to groups which constitute the nation, the provisions of article 4 are not fully implemented and non-citizens may not receive the protections envisaged in article 5 (a) and (b) of the Convention.
10. Recognizes that the exercise of tolerance and non-discrimination by persons and groups is necessary for the full realization of the aims of the Declaration;
38. The General Committee further recommends, at the suggestion of the Secretary-General (ibid., para. 36), that observances and commemorative meetings should take place, as far as possible, immediately following the general debate.
In addition, rapid changes in Eastern and Central Europe and in the former Soviet Union have shaken the belief in a centrally planned and party-controlled economy.
Soldiers responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets, injuring some 10 Palestinians.
Per diem: 34 days at US$ 268 = US$ 236, 912.00
24. The Committee considered the fourteenth periodic report of the Russian Federation (CERD/C/299/Add.15) at its 1246th and 1247th meetings, on 2 and 3 March 1998. At its 1268th meeting, on 17 March 1998, it adopted the following concluding observations.
Indeed, the degree to which a world conference mobilizes the attention of NGOs and other organizations of civil society has become an important criterion for judging its success.
1967- Full Professor of Public International Law in the Faculty of Law of the Catholic University of Chile.
(f) Exicom Hawk rural telephone receiver test set;
4. Decides to continue its deliberations on pending issues pursuant to the mandates given to it, as contained in General Assembly resolutions 50/227 and 52/12 B;
Though it occurs at varying times and with varying schedules across the world, research has shown that it is a developmentally flexible time.
Those services were for the most part provided directly to beneficiaries by the Agency, parallel to the public sector services provided by local authorities to their constituents.
More often States parties submit only geographical coordinates.
75. The Committee recommends that refugee and migrant women be provided with adequate information to protect them from traffickers and others who seek to exploit women for the purposes of prostitution.
A motion calling for a decision on the competence of the Sub—Commission to adopt a proposal submitted to it shall be put to the vote before a vote is taken on the proposal in question.
57. He noted with concern, however, that the secretariat report (para. 92(d)) stated that SMEs “... often make a relatively large contribution to industrial pollution”.
While the internal oversight mechanisms are generally organization-specific, external oversight has a system-wide element.
They met Mr. Sam Rainsy, one of the presumed targets of the grenade attack.
The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) actively participated in the Habitat II preparatory process and at the Conference in Istanbul, articulating water resource management as one of the key sets of issues in the Habitat Agenda.
271. The representative of AFICS/Moscow, participating in the discussion on this item at the request of AFICS/Moscow and the Federation of Associations of Former International Civil Servants (FAFICS), appealed to the Board's goodwill and sympathy to find a solution to the impasse that had occurred in relation to both the proposed agreement and the subsequent steps envisaged by the Board and the General Assembly.
The United States is also leading efforts among G-8 countries and at the United Nations Crime Commission to use the Organization of American States convention as the basis for an international instrument against illicit arms trafficking.
10. Finally, the last clause of paragraph 3 (g) again presupposes a one-dimensional solution outlined as the first option of the relevant conference room paper.
5. At the same meeting, the representative of Indonesia made a statement.
Training and operations have been established in Choman and Maidan.
“the media, non-governmental organizations, business organizations, academic institutions, educational organizations and government agencies.
All but one of the western African countries have established interministerial coordinating bodies entrusted with policy planning and coordination of national efforts, and more than 200 senior national officers have benefited from training in legislation, law enforcement, health, social work and demand reduction.
7. One of the questions to be addressed at the forthcoming discussion of the draft principles is sovereign equality of the parties to international negotiations on the one hand, and marked disparity of power of the parties to negotiations on the other.
It provided 15 fellowships for advanced training and it also published quarterly issues of two journals, Food and Nutrition Bulletin and The Journal of Food Composition and Analysis.
(i) The contributions to the regular budget paid by members pursuant to Financial Regulation 5.1;
The representatives of Egypt and the United States spoke.
UNCHS (Habitat) is also ready to work with countries in the formulation of compatible guidelines for the implementation of five-year plans of action at the local level and to assist countries that have no five-year plans of action to develop their capacity to engage all partners in national and local planning processes.
Specific recommendations to promote wider participation in the reporting instrument are given in details in the Secretary-General’s report to the current session of the General Assembly in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 52/32 of 9 December 1997 on objective information on military matters, including transparency of military expenditures.
global sales of telecommunications equipment and services, 1990-2000
Informal consultations on agenda item 119 (Pattern of confer-ences (A/52/32 and Add.1, A/51/946 and Corr.1 (Russian only), A/52/215 and Add.1, A/52/216 and Add.1, A/52/291, A/52/340 and Add.1 and A/C.5/52/CRP.1))
The trial began in February 1998 and, at the prosecution’s request, the United Nations arranged to have several staff members available to testify at the hearing.
3. The situation of democracy and human rights in Haiti
The draft report is to be circulated for internal and external comments in September 1997 and presented at a workshop during the GEF Council meeting and NGO consultation in November 1997.
29. The Union provided support to the follow-up of the World Summit for Social Development.
24. Letter dated 15 April 1986 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/17991)
The total number of returnees includes 14,283 Angolans who returned between January and May 1998.
(d) Decisions adopted by the Executive Board of the United Nations Development Programme/United Nations Population Fund at its annual session of 1998 (DP/1998/28);1
In March 1998, the Agency issued a request for donor-funded technical expertise to assist in review of eligibility criteria for the SHC programme.
102. In March 1997 the Government informed the Special Representative that an administrative reform simplifying and expediting the procedure for the allocation of food rations to the prisons was being set up.
Monitoring of population programmes: programme experience in implementing health and mortality activities Report of the Secretary-General
28. In July 1994, the Programme issued guidance for the development of country and subregional programme frameworks.
It provided, as a matter of priority, guidance to the Balkan States on addressing the drug problem.
Such visits are meant to demonstrate oversight interest in duty stations away from Headquarters, follow-up of compliance with recent OIOS recommendations and to assist and advise the Secretary-General in his managerial responsibilities for United Nations activities outside of New York.
After the Committee has made a finding on the merits - its "Views" under article 5, paragraph 4, of the Optional Protocol - of a violation of a provision of the Covenant, it proceeds to ask the State party to take appropriate steps to remedy the violation, such as commutation of sentence, release or providing adequate compensation for the violations suffered.
Welcoming the assistance extended to Non-Self-Governing Territories by certain specialized agencies and other organizations of the United Nations system, in particular the United Nations Development Programme,
23. Regional and subregional activities aim to stimulate awareness of the Convention and to facilitate the consultative processes it mandates.
“Recalling General Assembly resolution 48/162 of 20 December 1993 on further measures for the restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields,
In particular, emissions of HFCs are anticipated to increase by 2000 as they are used as a substitute for ozone-depleting gases controlled under the Montreal Protocol.
The large number of vacant posts in the Mission is the result of the precarious security situation which has impeded UNMOT operations for quite some time (see S/1998/754, paras. 18-23).
57. Materials science is the study of the principles that govern the useful properties of substances.
64. At its 8th meeting, on 14 November 1997, the Committee proceeded to take up item 7, Preparation and adoption of the report of the Committee to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session.
220. Security Council Committee established pursuant to resolution 1132 (1997) concerning Sierra Leone
24. The rapid assessment methodologies and the development of annex I to the Convention are expected to be ready for COP/5.
For example, Africa’s share in world merchandise trade in 1996 and 1997 was only about 2.2 per cent, actually down from a share of 2.75 per cent in 1990.
35. The task forces provided a mechanism for bringing together all relevant actors of the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions.
“(c) To allow complete, unimpeded access to Kosovo for all forensic experts of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, to examine the recently alleged atrocities against civilians”
It is my fervent hope that by then a large majority of Member States will have signed and ratified it, so that the Court will have unquestioned authority and the widest possible jurisdiction.
He recalled that the debate on liberalization and competition policy was a device to set a policy discussion in motion, bringing a whole range of issues to the fore.
This report is submitted pursuant to that request.
14. In the report of the Secretary-General (A/52/792) details are provided on the final disposition of the assets of UNPF, the inventory value of which as at 10 January 1996 is estimated at some $345.2 million.
Regarded as a model initiative in Jordan, the programme required additional project funding to continue beyond December 1998, when existing funds would be exhausted.
For the purpose of promoting and protecting human rights and fundamental freedoms, everyone has the right, individually and in association with others, at the national and international levels:
In early 1998, a high-level team from the Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa (BADEA) visited the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD) to discuss co-financing opportunities.
It will also have available a technical paper (TP/1997/3) which will provide an overview of adaptation technologies and a note (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.4) on options for technology information centres and information.
41. The Advisory Committee recalls its observations that priority should be given to allocate resources to those areas identified as being of the highest priority, such as prosecution and investigation (A/51/7/Add.7, para. 21).
(c) A decision to continue the use of the Special Account established for UNSMIH for UNTMIH and MIPONUH.
In that connection, however, they identified serious gaps in the availability of commercially useful market information, market expertise and advice available to potential entrants to the various export markets.
Provision is made in the total amount of $22,100 for electrical supplies to support team sites and headquarters as follows: $200 per month to provide electrical supplies for UNMOT headquarters and the annex to headquarters ($4,800) and $80 per team site per month for the 18 sites ($17,300).
During the annual meeting of the Northern Corridor Transit Transport Authority in November 1996, the Governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, Uganda and the Democratic Republic of Congo (ex-Zaire) formally decided to extend the subregional transit agreement, which had expired in October 1996, for another 10 years.
- To bear fruit, efforts should be addressed not only at the trade transaction itself, but to all trade-supporting services sectors (e.g. customs, transport, banking and insurance, trade facilitation, business information and telecommunications).
13. Economic and environmental questions:
Draft resolution B, section IX,2 Turks and Caicos Islands
270. The representative stated that Indonesia would be taking concrete measures to revise gender-discriminatory legislation, to ratify United Nations human rights treaties and to sensitize the courts with regard to sexual offenders.
2. In the title of article 3 replace the word “competent” with the word “central”.
“TV Forum – 1997", a 10-minute video about world media and its influence on international affairs, in English
(b) The annual report of the Security Council to the General Assembly should give a substantive and analytical account of the Council’s work and it should be made available to the General Assembly not later than 30 August;
I have urged Africans and non-Africans alike to summon the political will to rise to the challenge which together we must all confront.
4. The Insurance Claims and Compensation Section, within the Office of Programme Planning Budget and Accounts (Insurance Section), at Headquarters, is responsible for establishing, administering and monitoring commercial insurance coverage for the United Nations.
She particularly emphasized three issues: initiatives should be explored to exclude pornographic pictures from the cinema and television because of the harm they might cause to children; the need to indicate in the Convention on the Rights of the Child the respect and love that children owe to their parents; the negative consequences of the involvement in armed conflicts and sex tourism, lack of education and early marriage on the normal development of a child's personality.
It is recommended that those discussions be finalized with the objective of concluding a country cooperation framework that would emphasize agreed support to be provided by UNDP, in collaboration with other agencies of the United Nations system, as well as relevant bilateral and multilateral partners, for the implementation of the country’s sustainable development plan.
For 1997, the Assembly, in paragraph 12 of its resolution 51/160 of 16 December 1996, decided that the Commission should meet from 12 May to 18 July 1997.
Statements were made by the representatives of the Netherlands, (on behalf of the European Union), Italy, South Africa, Paraguay (on behalf of the Group of Rio), Portugal, the Republic of Korea, Ireland, Trinidad and Tobago (on behalf of CARICOM), Côte d'Ivoire, India, the Sudan, Greece, the United Republic of Tanzania, Lesotho, Malaysia, Swaziland, Singapore, China and Slovakia.
32. Zone of peace and cooperation of the South Atlantic
While the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction, proclaimed by the Assembly in its resolution 44/236 of 22 December 1989, is coming to an end in 1999, the need for a continuation in the future of a concerted and coordinated international effort to prevent, mitigate and rehabilitate the damage caused by natural disasters has been recognized by the Assembly in its resolutions 51/185 of 16 December 1996 and 52/200 of 18 December 1997.
Although cooperatives in Singapore are consulted before adoption of any major changes in legislation, cooperatives in the Republic of Korea, Hong Kong and Thailand express their wish to have a bigger say in the process.
“Recognizing that in many developing countries, in particular African countries and least developed countries, the commodity sector remains the principal source of export revenues, the creation of employment, income and savings, as well as a driving force of investment and a contributor to growth and development,
In consultation with industry experts, the Department should include in the relevant job description the proactive responsibilities of a Risk Manager (AM/97/71/5/003);
Recommendations should also be made both formally and informally on how to correct the situation.
We have the honour to transmit to you herewith the text of a joint statement by the Presidents of the Russian Federation and the Republic of Uzbekistan which was signed on 6 May 1998 during talks between the President of the Russian Federation, Mr. Boris Yeltsin, and the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan, Mr. Islam Karimov (see annex).
If the Commission decides to elect new officers, it should be borne in mind that an officer elected for the regular segment of the fortieth session of the Commission may also be elected for the preparatory body.
The Council invites the Bretton Woods institutions and regional financial institutions to increase their participation in this process.
Bachelor of Law (LL.B.), Natal University, South Africa, 1965.
Supplementary information on the financial performance report for the period from 15 February to 31 May 1997
They can, however, be stricter: UNCLOS sets the minimum, and not the maximum standards.
29. Operational activities accounted for the balance of the total work-months utilized during the biennium, that is 13,788 work-months, or 28 per cent.
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
In some parts of the developing world poverty seems endemic.
The list of speakers will be open beginning 29 October until Monday, 3 November 1997.
24. In terms of the Oslo Accords,7 the occupied Palestinian territories were divided into areas A, B and C, with allocations of responsibilities with regard to security and civil administration being vested between Israel and the Palestinian Authority, in ways specified in the Oslo Accords.
Referring to the volatility of financial markets, the long-term rates of return and the related risks of asset types, and the four criteria governing the Fund's investment policy, several participants' representatives stressed that it would be advisable to consider modifying the asset allocation of the Fund to take into account a possible market correction in the equity market.
The Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People will hold a solemn meeting from 10.30 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Monday, 1 December 1997, in the Trusteeship Council Chamber, to commemorate the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People, in accordance with the provisions of General Assembly resolution 32/40 B of 2 December 1977.
Since one of the parties objected to this solution, it was necessary to revert to other options, presented to the Security Council, none of which were truly satisfactory: (a) to reduce UNOMIG to a minimal presence, pending a significant improvement in the security situation; (b) to redeploy UNOMIG at its authorized strength and resume previous operations using mine- and ballistic-protected vehicles; and (c) to strengthen security arrangements with the CIS peacekeeping force.
“HSFCA requires the Secretary to issue permits to United States vessels that fish on the high seas; such permits have been issued since April 1996.
897. The Committee recommends that further efforts be made to ensure that national laws conform fully with the Convention, having due regard to the best interests of the child, non-discrimination, respect for the views of the child and his or her right to participate in family, school and social life, and the right of the child to life, survival and development.
(a) With regard to pensionable remuneration levels:
Thus, the programme expenditure authority for the biennium 1996–1997 totalled $520 million.
(2) In the absence of agreement between the parties as to the sufficiency and form of the security, the Court shall determine its nature and the amount thereof [, not exceeding the value of the ship]..
12. The Board intends to examine the new guidelines when they are available.
30. I am not raising these two issues simply because I am leaving.
At the end of the paragraph add and of the Agenda for Development;
6. The establishment of the Islamic Republic of Iran in the strategic region of the Middle East disturbed the balance of many regional policies of the super-Powers at the time and changed the political and security structure of the region, which had previously been founded on the strategies of the United States of America.
They further expressed deep appreciation for the position taken by the European Union in support of the peace process, committed as it is to international legitimacy in accordance with the Madrid terms of reference and the principle of land for peace.
At the time, the Commission noted that a salary increase would be required in order to address this issue adequately.
At the same time, as is a key feature of the Danish industry, returns should be maximized by selling cuts on a number of markets depending upon which market offers the best return for any particular cut, while at the same time ensuring that the product is tailored to meet the requirements of the importer.
As from Wednesday, 1 October 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
During its consideration of the report, the Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.
66. Turning to other parts of the world, a regional conference on public service in transition on the theme “Enhancing the role, professionalism and ethical standards and values of public service” – was held at Thessaloniki, Greece, in November 1997.
Reaffirming that the costs of the Observer Mission are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,
15. Requests the Secretary-General to provide the Special Rapporteur with an adequate and stable level of human, financial and material resources, to enable her to carry out her mandate effectively, including through country visits;
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to the question of Guam,1
2. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include the item in its agenda and to allocate it to the First Committee.
32. Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea (A/AC.252/1998/WP.31)
(a) Costs of operation of the Logistics Base.
More severe design temperatures shall be considered for portable tanks subjected to severe climatic conditions.
B. Interim financial performance report and programme
“We do not think it is appropriate or even possible at this point in time to elaborate in great detail the administrative and operational modalities of the GM since these will depend on the hosting arrangement selected by the COP.
Unless the Conference of the Parties decides otherwise, the Chairperson of any other subsidiary body shall be elected by the Conference of the Parties.
Algeria, China, Cuba, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Egypt, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Mexico, Myanmar, Saudi Arabia, Yemen.
The representative of Canada informed the Committee that his delegation would have liked to have been a co-sponsor of the draft resolution.
Any item of the agenda of an ordinary session, consideration of which has not been completed at the session, shall be included automatically in the agenda of the next ordinary session, unless otherwise decided by the Conference of the Parties.
It had only granted access to vessels where: (a) significant tangible benefits accrued to Australia, (b) the vessel was licensed regionally or conformed with a regional fisheries management arrangement (which included not undertaking destructive fishing practices or drift-netting), and (c) where the vessel may have been adequately monitored.
Building on the results of the Expert Meeting and advancing the discussions to the policy level, the Commission had an exchange of views on criteria to test the development friendliness of international investment agreements.
The focus of the secretariat’s work has been on bridging this information gap, creating awareness, and promoting the market.
Chapter III. The benefits of applying competition law and policy 27 - 36
The in-depth review was carried out during the period November 1995 to November 1996, and included a country visit by the team from 3 to 7 December 1995.
The group elected Professor Wojciech Suchorzewski as a Chairperson to conduct the meeting.
Security of payment and regulations affecting payment would be considered as the main concerns, followed by customs-related issues, e.g. level of duties, requirements in respect of import permits, etc., followed by the quality of transport services.
The portable tank shall be capable of being loaded and discharged without the removal of its structural equipment.
29. The logic behind this method is that the effect of a contraction in the target State’s economy (i.e., a substantial income shock from discrete causes, such as sanctions) on the third State’s income will vary according to the relative importance of the former in the total trade of the latter and will tend to become smaller over time.
However, the recent above average rate of growth of chocolate consumption, especially in North America, if sustained, would provide a boost to the cocoa market.
2. Jamaica (for Latin American and Caribbean Group) requested that the text of the Deputy Secretary-General’s statement be circulated to delegations.
The subject of the first seminar, held in 1996, was “World economy for the benefit of all”.
Convinced of the need for the United Nations to continue to improve its capabilities in the field of peacekeeping and to enhance the effective and efficient deployment of its peacekeeping operations,
In her meetings with the leaders of the region, they discussed actions that could be taken to address these concerns, including measures to ensure the purely civilian character of refugee camps and to exclude persons who do not qualify for refugee status.
18. The participation of officials from capitals responsible for the specific follow-up to United Nations conferences, as well as experts, should be encouraged.
320. On 16 February, under the heavy guard of a 260-strong police force from Judea and Samaria (West Bank) headed by the Vice Commander of the Judea District (Southern West Bank) and border police forces, the Civil Administration evicted some 140 Jahalin Bedouin from an area south of the Maaleh Adumim settlement to a site assigned to them near the Abu Dis garbage dump.
With project funding, the Agency completed construction of two school buildings and eight additional classrooms, and comprehensive maintenance on four school buildings.
The Office also played an essential role in devising major reforms in United Nations procurement procedures and developed a regime of limited liability in respect of third-party claims arising out of peacekeeping activities.
2. Consequences for policy makers and negotiators
40. UNDCP is currently supporting, at the technical level, the elaboration of a regional multilateral drug control evaluation system, a task entrusted to CICAD by the Summit of the Americas at its April 1998 meeting in Santiago.
The United Nations is considering, on an urgent basis, a mechanism for instituting a full inquiry into all allegations of human rights violations, covering those reported in 1997, as well as the most recent ones, as soon as security and conditions permit United Nations international staff to travel and work inside Afghanistan again.
123. In its outreach activities, particularly as they relate to students and educators, the Department has consistently promoted a better understanding and knowledge of human rights.
39. A more advanced approach to data collection was elaborated for the follow-on generation of the regional survey programme, the Pan Arab Project on Family Health (PAPFAM).
These issues can be effectively addressed when already existing achievements in the sphere of institution-building are translated into functioning procedures in accordance with international standards.
Interregional cooperation has also been initiated.
Background notes and other concise publications on United Nations work in peacemaking and peacekeeping are available in print and electronic form.
Replace General Assembly resolutions 50/30 and 50/221 with 51/136 and 51/218 Programme 3.
Table 6.6 Summary by object of expenditure
2. Further requests the Director-General to report on the implementation of the present resolution to the General Conference at its eighth session through the Industrial Development Board.
Given the time needed to draft, translate and produce the final report, it has set January 1999 as the date for the delivery of its report, and the Follow-up Commission has agreed.
claims that, following Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait, it was required to close its embassy in Kuwait City on or about 31 August 1990.
The indicative amount covers salary and common staff costs at standard rates as well as related common service costs (including rental of premises).
A key area affecting chilled and frozen beef in particular relates to foot-and-mouth disease.
One indicator of this was the increasing involvement of the ICSC secretariat in staff litigation, which strained its limited resources.
Moreover, their evaluation and reporting arrangements should focus more on results and impact and less on process.
22. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Asian-African Legal Consultative Committee (item 22).
It is also concerned at difficulties they encounter in securing access to educational and health facilities and at difficulties in ensuring family reunification.
For example, the negotiating committee on persistent organic pollutants agreed to use protocols established by the Economic Commission for Europe (ECE) as a basis for worldwide action.
Considering the broad variety of such legislation and environments, the "model statutes" offered had to embody a high degree of flexibility.
In this context, the two main strands of global educational policies are the deepening commitment of most countries to the democratization of education (Education for All and Education Throughout Life) and the tendency towards a more productive view of educational quality and purposes.
Letter dated 1 September 1983 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of Canada to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15949)
5. Further requests the administering Power to continue to recognize and respect the political rights and the cultural and ethnic identity of the Chamorro people of Guam, and to take all necessary measures to respond to the concerns of the territorial Government with regard to the immigration issue;
22. UNHCR assistance for the reintegration of Liberian returnees is community based. It targets basic infrastructure and public facilities in returnee communities.
The table shows that the number of pending cases has increased each year since 1994 (when the July session was extended).
The United States presented them for CO2 fuel combustion emissions.
It is important that, despite the near completion of the programme, the institutions responsible for this process maintain a high level of commitment to see it through to its termination.
Thus, it may be considered that the present processes for bringing the views of NGOs into the Convention through the channel of constituencies do not always accommodate the diversity of groupings or of the opinions held.
(e)[ Joint implementation projects can be undertaken by two or more Parties;]
The Financial Rules also require that the portion of the proposed programme budget relating to programme-support costs be submitted to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) for examination and comment.
8. There is a clear and urgent need to reverse current declining and stagnant funding trends, particularly in the area of core resources.
It also contained the views of the Secretary as to the longer-term needs of the Fund in respect of, inter alia, (a) its computer systems and operations, (b) enhancement of the role of the Geneva office and (c) office space.
15. Emphasizes the importance of increasing the control of the poor over resources, including land, skills, knowledge, capital and social connections;
Ms. Masako Kimura, on behalf of Free East Timor Japan Coalition
The Chairman advised the Committee that action would be taken at its next meetings on all outstanding draft resolutions which had heretofore been introduced.
Electrical wiring installation, Camp Beal
At 2000 hours occupation forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired a number of artillery shells at Mayfadun, Mlikh, Yatar, Habbush, areas along the Zahrani river, Jabal al-Rafi`, Sujud hill and Bayyadah.
It is with that perspective in mind that the World Bank has led the process of international coordination primarily by establishing the Consultative Group to Assist the Poorest (CGAP), which brings together a number of western donor countries and international agencies.
15. Admission of observers and accreditation of non—governmental and intergovernmental organizations (ICCD/COP(1)/2, Add.1; ICCD/COP(1)/8)
Once confidence is lost, however, a deep economic contraction and high unemployment may have to be withstood before confidence in the peg is restored.
In addition, as has been indicated in this report, EMS may bring benefits to both companies and Governments.
For most of the reporting Parties, the bulk of transport emissions are on account of gasoline consumption by automobiles and other vehicles, while diesel and jet fuel consumption are responsible for a much lower share of emissions.
73. There have also been initiatives to ensure that improved respect for human rights is among the objectives of assistance programmes, particularly in post-conflict societies.
(b) Encouraging developing countries and countries in transition to identify specific competition law and policy areas and issues which they would wish to see receive priority attention in the implementation of technical cooperation activities;
9. Another delegation requested some clarification as to the reasons for including “shippers” in subparagraph (p).
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (f) of agenda item 97.
The United Nations Office for Project Services implements United Nations International Drug Control Programme projects at a support cost rate of 7.5 per cent and the funding for the project is channelled through UNDP.
The relevant findings have helped in the preparation of ancestral domain management plans.
Tribal women have been the target of skills development efforts through informal literacy and technical training.
That meeting is expected to identify appropriate innovative approaches for the development of rules and procedures for the determination of liability and compensation for damage resulting from pollution of the marine environment which could be readily applied in the Mediterranean region.
Shot and fatally wounded by IDF soldiers, allegedly while trying to infiltrate Israel from Rafah in the Gaza Strip.
- Other bodies doing work similar to that envisaged for CST
A. Interdepartmental Committee on Charter Repertory
The policies and strategies outlined in the proposed reform include: (a) decentralization and social and ethnic participation; (b) increased investment in education to promote efficiency and academic excellence; (c) organization of educational services based on linguistic and cultural situations and needs; and (d) strengthening of comprehensive training for democracy, the culture of peace and sustainable development.
The General Assembly approved a total of $5.5 million, bringing the total approved budget for the project to $68.1 million, and requested the Secretary-General to submit revised estimates, taking into account the recommendations of the Board of Auditors and of the independent experts.
2. The Regulations of the United Nations Governing Programme Planning, the Programming Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation were adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 37/234 of 21 December 1982.
As the statistics for the year 1 July 1997– 30 June 1998 bear out, appointment and promotion percentages in the range of 41-46 per cent do not have a significant impact on the improvement of women’s representation overall in the Secretariat.
2. Nature and extent of the “telecom revolution” 8
(ii) Investments include securities acquired by the Organization to produce income.
It gave an overview of some of the human resources management reform actions under way, both in organizations and at the common system level.
The United States must discard unilateral economic measures as a means of political coercion, which is a mode of thinking of the cold-war era, and remove all economic sanction measures and related laws against the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea immediately and unconditionally in line with its obligations under the Agreed Framework.
The Supreme Council expressed its deep appreciation to His Highness Sheikh Zayed Bin Sultan Al-Nahyan, President of the United Arab Emirates, and to the Government and people of the United Arab Emirates for the warmth of their reception, their gracious hospitality and their genuinely fraternal sentiments, commending the arrangements that had been made in order to host the meeting.
It is to serve as the basis for the work of a possible diplomatic conference convened by the General Assembly of the United Nations.
2. Tasks expected to be completed by the contractor
The document was drafted on the basis of the conclusions of the second ASG meeting after a series of consultations with assistance stakeholders.
Although it seems likely that such large-scale trials will increase the overall trial rate, the Field Operation was concerned that they could also be a cause for delays, as there is not, currently, a sufficient number of lawyers to represent large numbers of defendants and civil claimants simultaneously in several areas of the country.
(c) Only one form is used for both planning and appraisal;
How can business, NGO, Governments and UNCTAD work together to design market incentives that make social as well as business sense?
15. In that report, the Secretary-General reaffirmed the importance of the function of the Emergency Relief Coordinator as an integral part of the United Nations Secretariat and as the focal point for the coordination of humanitarian affairs within the Secretariat.
69. In addition to its support, outlined above, to the work of local and international mechanisms, the Office of the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories continued to coordinate bilateral and multilateral training programmes for the Palestinian Police Force.
22. Condemns the abduction of children in situations of armed conflict, and urges States, international organizations and other concerned parties to take all appropriate measures to secure the unconditional release of all abducted children;
Many other Eritrean civilians are also dying in other concentration camps, particularly in Tigrai; these deaths are unaccounted for by the International Committee of the Red Cross.
III. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session
Any person who is taken into custody or regarding whom any other measures are taken or proceedings are carried out pursuant to this Convention shall be guaranteed fair treatment, including enjoyment of all rights and guarantees in conformity with the law of the State in the territory of which that person is present and applicable international law, including international law of human rights.
Ethylene oxide and pentafluoroethane mixture, with not more than 7.9 % ethylene oxide
42. Indicators will include: number of countries where the Computer and Telecommunication System for International and National Drug Control has been installed and effectively used; and feedback from national users of the system with regard to its usefulness and effectiveness.
She also recognized that the most profound changes were born in the deepest values and attitudes of society, which could only be achieved through processes that demanded time and a strong political will.
73. In the view of the Advisory Committee, the lack of coordination in the development of management information systems and budgetary reform among the agencies of the United Nations may lead to unnecessary expenditures from funds contributed by member States.
Previous recommendations of the Board of Auditors not fully implemented
156. The Committee also recommended to the General Assembly that in the year 2002, programme 27, General Assembly and Economic and Social Council affairs and conference services, be subject to evaluation by the Office of Internal Oversight Services for consideration by the Committee for Programme and Coordination at its forty-second session.
Report of informal meeting held on 21 November 1997.
The Board noted that the Administration had outsourced the Gift Centre to a firm for five years with effect from 1 May 1997.
However, the charter contract for the rotation of the largest contingent of UNIKOM was significantly lower than estimated, resulting in unutilized resources of $339,600.
1. Facilitation of the exchange of NGO experiences and information by supporting and participating in some 5 subregional level NGO/Government fora ($137,100).
Based on invoices submitted by the lead United Nations agency for the construction of common premises on six of the projects, there were substantial cost overruns ranging from 29 to 287 per cent over the contract prices;
(a) Prepare an annual investment guide on investment opportunities in agro-related industries in least developed countries at the regional level (East Asia, South Asia, Pacific Islands, East Africa, Southern Africa, Central and West Africa).
The report covered some of the cooperative activities referred to under (e) above.
the first special session devoted to disarmament, as well as of the decision on principles and objectives for nuclear non-proliferation and disarmament of the 1995 Review and Extension Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, 1995 Review and Extension Conference of the Parties to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, Final Document, Part I (NPT/CONF.1995/32 (Part I)), annex, decision 2.
and Add.1 second session, held at Geneva from 8 to 19 July 1996
Some steps have been taken with a view to addressing the recruitment difficulties encountered during this period.
(a) Report of the Administrative Committee on Coordination;
Steps are also being taken to address the issue of underperformance (see also A/53/266).
Industrial associations have been important participants in the consultative process.
Furniture, equipment, other non-expendable property and leasehold improvements are not included in the assets of the Organization.
The need to enhance the IMF capability to act as a lender of last resort was also emphasized.
The present report incorporates the additional requirements for the maintenance of UNPREDEP at its increased military strength of 1,050 troops for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amount to $34,438,800 gross ($33,609,600 net).
The capacity and start-to-discharge pressure of the relief valves shall be based on the results of the tests specified in 4.2.1.13.1.
26. In 1994, the Estonian Competition Board received assistance from the European Union's PHARE programme involving seminars on competition law, detailed advice of PHARE experts on cases, and assistance on the reform of Estonian competition law.
The Centre is collaborating with the Global Parliamentarians on Habitat in their follow-up activities, including regional meetings of parliamentarians focused on implementing the Habitat Agenda.
We have left the Government with practically no levers to influence the economy, especially operational processes that require urgent intervention.
In the case of unpackaged articles the marking should be displayed on the article, on its cradle or on its handling, storage or launching device.”
6. Operational activities for development (item 95).
Ms. Claudia Vaconcellos Vae, Manager of Planning, Brazilian Agency for the Support of the Small and Medium Companies (SEBRAE), Brazil
(a) As an instrument of leadership for the Secretary-General in bringing to bear the wide-ranging capacities of the system on the overall effort to advance security and development; A/52/855
Statements were made by the representatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union), the United States, the Syrian Arab Republic, Egypt, Pakistan, the Bahamas, Cuba and Mexico.
The European Union offers a regional approach to FDI-related development assistance.
Substantive production activity on the island has virtually ceased.
The Committee concluded its consideration of the item in closed session.
Its theme was "Facing the challenges of the year 2000: promoting Palestinian national development".
Taking fully into account the regional dimensions of the crisis in Kosovo, particularly with regard to the human rights and the humanitarian situation, and deeply concerned at the potential adverse consequences thereof,
9. The annex to the present report provides preliminary indicative estimates of resources distributed among the various parts of the programme budget.
(b) Acts which enable decisive influence to be exerted.
It is estimated that the phasing out of these components will be completed by the end of September 1998.
They should abstain from engaging in any functions or activities which may appear to be not readily reconcilable with the obligations of an independent expert under the Covenant.
(f) Improving the juvenile justice system, particularly by complementing the newly created juvenile court with facilities for the separate pre-trial detention and post-trial incarceration (if necessary) of minors, in line with the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The amendments, after entering into force would clarify the responsibilities of Governments and put greater emphasis on the regional approach and coordination between maritime and aeronautical search and rescue operations.
(a) Drugs, imprisonment and alternative sentencing;
1994/3 Development of information systems on drugs and their abuse
Further they often lack transparency or clarity in terms of defining the objectives to be achieved, the issues to be addressed, including the particular needs of SMEs as well as the role and participation of the private sector, including NGOs, and of the bureaucracy.
The primary reason is the massive transfer of detainees from communal cachots to central prisons.
In the administrative management area, UNFPA also delegated further authority to its representative.
The two leaders affirm that their countries will continue working to accomplish the above tasks and to improve the environment for trade and investment between the two countries.
Rising infertility rates in some countries, the widespread use of contraceptives, legalization of abortion, and changing mores which now enable single mothers to keep their children are factors which have drastically reduced the number of children who would otherwise be available for adoption locally.
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
38. Oceans and the law of the sea (P.38):
It focuses on seven microfinance projects selected from UNCDF major interventions, of which four are in Africa (Lesotho, Madagascar, Malawi and a regional project in West Africa), two are in Asia (Bhutan and Laos) and one in Latin America (Bolivia).
They are elaborated in decision 6/CP.1 of the COP and in decisions related to specific issues, particularly decision 13/CP.1 and decision 3/CP.1 which relate to the transfer of technology and submission and review of national communications respectively.
(a) Stressing the need for scrupulous respect for the rule of law, participants unequivocally condemned the use of armed force as a means of winning and retaining political power.
Both sides decided to consider the possibility of increasing coastal trade and expressed their will to further liberalize their trade relations in accordance with their respective obligations towards third countries as well as their international commitments.
Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors
were seen as being of considerable importance as well. In this regard, it was pointed out that the Disputes Settlement Understanding should, inter alia, include greater technical and legal support to developing countries in order to make the World Trade Organization judicial enforcement mechanism more accessible to those countries.
The regular budget allocation for the biennium 1998–1999 to UNHCHR constitutes 1.67 per cent ($42.2 million) of the regular budget of the United Nations.
These officers shall constitute the Bureau of the Committee.
“14. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the sub-item entitled ‘Implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa’.”
The Executive Secretary informed the AGBM of changes regarding procedures for the preparation of documentation and reported on the challenges faced by the secretariat in its new location in Bonn.
Not at all: cooperation with Russia is a separate and, I would say, an exemplary topic, for that country cannot be considered in isolation from all the existing aspects of world development.
Report of the International Narcotics Control Board for 1997 on the implementation of article 12 of the United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988
In Ramallah, a group of 200 Fatah activists marched through the streets chanting “No peace until the release of prisoners”.
349. Emphasizing the continuing relevance of printed publications, the Committee endorsed recommendation 14, on the understanding that the question of provision of funds for the work would be reviewed by relevant bodies.
8. The sides expressed serious alarm at the explosive situation in Afghanistan.
Accordingly, we are moving step by step, instilling democratic culture in the population.
Ryokichi Hirono (Japan) Nurul Islam (Bangladesh)
On their return to India, it was discovered that several of them had broken limbs.
The cost estimates of $3,412,800 provided for the phase-out of the UNMIH logistics contracts and the hire of local contractors and individual local contract personnel to carry out a variety of services.
Indeed, in four countries in this group the ratio of interest payments on external debt to GNP rose during the two years in question, whereas in two countries it remained unchanged.
14. The Chairman-Rapporteur asked Mr. Weissbrodt to introduce the paper he had prepared on the basis of a request by the sessional working group at its 1996 session (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/16).
For all these reasons Africa’s growth rates need to be substantially higher than at present, and thus Africa must mobilize additional domestic and external resources.
The Advisory Committee had informed the Executive Committee that the Advisory Committee would report to the General Assembly and that its recommendations would be available to the Executive Committee, taking into account any decisions that may be taken by the General Assembly.
This new layer of review would not only add substantial delays but could lead to the introduction of a mechanism parallel to the test and examination system administered by the Office of Human Resources Management.
It will also continue supporting the remaining activities of UNTAES and the Police Support Group.
Those measures have dramatically improved the manner in which the Organization procures and manages its aviation operations.
The briefings will take place at 3.30 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).
The United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT) was initially established by the Security Council in its resolution 968 (1994) of 16 December 1994.
Tensions still exist between the two sides at the time of the writing of the present report.
116. The Division’s Electronic Data Processing Audit Section reviewed information technology activities at Headquarters, the regional commissions and at offices away from Headquarters.
Questions of American Samoa, Anguilla, Bermuda, the British Virgin Islands, the Cayman Islands, Guam, Mont- serrat, Pitcairn, St. Helena, Tokelau, the Turks and Caicos Islands and the United States Virgin Islands
The Board examined the cases of 27 (21 per cent) of the 147 consultants used by Programme headquarters in 1996–1997.
Although it is difficult to quantify or forecast with any degree of exactitude the effects of the phenomenon on agricultural production, much of the current concern involves the extent of the damage expected of the cereal crops planted for the 1998 harvest.
It shall be empowered to take any action necessary in pursuit of its objectives.
The Secretary-General notes that this unofficial estimate must be reviewed by the Controller and detailed estimates will be made available to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions and the Fifth Committee.
The dissemination of trade information is largely dependent on the capacity and abilities of trade promotion organisations in a country.
The Office has executed, or assisted in the national execution of, UNDP projects in all its focus areas.
Electronic commerce can thus be both an instrument of further integration of smaller players in global trade, and a factor of further marginalization for some others.
Such arrangements may help to provide a credible deterrent and lend additional political and military weight to the mission.
3. Also urges States to ensure, in particular, that no one within their jurisdiction is, because of his or her religion or belief, deprived of the right to life or the right to liberty and security of person or subjected to torture or arbitrary arrest or detention;
(c) To coordinate efforts with other international and regional organizations, in particular the World Trade Organization, to maintain full support to the least developed countries in their efforts to achieve sustainable socio-economic development;
86. Most software programs now on the market can only translate one language into another, such as Chinese into Russian.
Simplification and harmonization of documentation procedures in order to further facilitate cross-border railway operations is also an important area of concern.
9. Invites the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, within her mandate, to give due regard to the impact of the problem of the external debt burden of developing countries, in particular the least developed countries, on the full enjoyment of the right to development in those countries;
Recalling the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, which was held at Rio de Janeiro from 3 to 14 June 1992, and the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly for the purpose of an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21, which was held in New York from 23 to 27 June 1997,
The new vehicles are expected to be deployed in the mission area by January 1999.
68. To combat corruption and improve public-sector performance, the Bank is helping Governments in Albania, Georgia, Latvia, and Ukraine to formulate anti-corruption strategies.
Again, with a view to reaching a consensus, and on the clear understanding that that would not set a precedent, the Asian Group had agreed to hold the first session of the Commission in two parts.
32. Financing of the Military Observer Group of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala (item 142).
5. The present report contains, therefore, the revised budget for the maintenance of UNPREDEP at its increased military strength of 1,050 troops for the 12-month period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amounts to $55,492,545 gross ($54,189,845 net), of which $34,438,800 gross ($33,609,600 net) represents the additional requirements resulting from the continuation of the mandate of UNPREDEP and the expansion of its military component.
Without a narrow focus which restricts the GSP to the countries in most need of support schemes (LDCs and, possibly, lower-income countries), it appears more than likely that only the more advanced and competitive developing countries would benefit from the preferences.
20. Upon completion of the work currently under way, the IMIS team and the Office for Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts will review the list of requested changes and prioritize them for inclusion in the 1999 work plan.
The objective of the seminar was to integrate Salvadoran women in the establishment of a genuine culture of peace and to promote a clearly defined leading role for women in the consolidation of peace and democracy.
Between 1550 and 1650 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South at various altitudes and were met by ground-based anti-aircraft fire from units belonging to the Lebanese Army.
External insulation shall be protected by a jacket so as to prevent the ingress of moisture and other damage under normal transport conditions.
Whether they testified for the prosecution or for the defence during the trials at Arusha, all received the same treatment.
The 1988 Convention, for example, provides that parties shall carry out their obligations under that Convention in a manner consistent with the principles of sovereign equality and territorial integrity of States and that of non-intervention in the domestic affairs of other States (article 2, paragraph 2).
For example, UNIDO is supporting the Ministries of Industry in Lesotho and Uganda in implementing privatization programmes and promoting private sector development.
A solemn public declaration will be made to that effect.
At its 2nd and 4th meetings, on 25 and 28 February, respectively, the SBSTA considered the sub-item on communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention.
7. Expresses its conviction that an unbiased and fair approach to human rights issues contributes to the promotion of international cooperation as well as to the effective promotion, protection and realization of human rights and fundamental freedoms;
In addition to having to deal with the problems of economic dislocation and social upheaval, those trying to promote the rebirth of cooperatives had to battle for a complete change in the economic, political, legal and psychological environment.
36. The Advisory Committee, in paragraphs 49 and 50 of its previous report (A/51/533), made several comments on the level of peacekeeping funding.
3. Technology policy and information technology 22-26
267. The Secretary recalled that the approach set out in the proposed agreement and in the accompanying protocol, including the requirement to obtain prior approval of the agreement by the Board and the General Assembly before seeking the formal approval of the Government of the Russian Federation, had been adopted at the insistence of the Government of the Russian Federation.
If not corrected in time, the millennium bug will affect vital areas such as power supplies, telecommunications, financial systems, transport, public health, building and factory systems, food supplies, emergency services, the organization of social welfare and utilities.
A timetable for reductions in the strength of Greek Cypriot and Turkish Cypriot units until they are completely disbanded, with their weapons and military equipment being handed over to the United Nations forces for safekeeping;
CN 2 Standing Committee on Poverty Alleviation
of the United Arab Emirates to the United Nations addressed
67. The Government of Denmark contributed 4,865,000 United States dollars (US$) in 1998, of which 1,471,000 was donated to ICRC and 3,394,000 to non-governmental organizations.
Financing of professional officers 193 558
a An additional 30 work-months would be required by the Office of Legal Affairs to review and finalize the draft studies of volumes I to V of Supplement No. 6.
The chairpersons had invited the Division for the Advancement of Women to prepare an analysis of how gender was being integrated into the work of the United Nations treaty bodies for presentation at the next regular session of the meeting of chairpersons and had proposed holding a seminar to explore these issues.
In the same memorandum, the Chief Administrative Officer also stated that there would be no “carry-over or transfer of any entitlements or benefits from one system to the other”.
Welcoming all participants to the Conference, he thanked the Government and people of Italy, and the authorities and citizens of Rome, for their generosity in hosting the Conference as well as FAO for having made it possible to hold the first session of the Conference of the Parties at its headquarters.
The National Military Forces of the Republic of Poland do not possess at their disposal either the stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or nuclear weapons.
Mission subsistence allowance rates for Tajikistan were last reviewed by the Office of Human Resources Management in February 1996.
It is also obvious that it will set a very dangerous precedent for the rest of Africa if its present action were not to be checked by Africa’s collective reaffirmation of the validity of the Cairo resolution, the precedents incorporated in the various OAU decisions on border disputes between African States and indeed articles II (1c) and III (3 and 4) of the OAU Charter.
They will work closely with Governments and organizations within their designated region.
This is not sufficient if the Ministry is to address labour disputes in a comprehensive manner.
The higher growth rate was due in part to renewed dynamism in Costa Rica’s economy and the acceleration of growth in El Salvador and Guatemala.
, Barbados*, Belarus, Brazil, Burundi*, Cape Verde, Costa Rica*, Côte d’Ivoire*, Gabon, Guinea*, Jordan, Kyrgyzstan*, Madagascar*, Mali*, Malta*, Morocco*, Mozambique, the Niger*, Panama*, Papua New Guinea*, the Philippines*, Poland, Qatar*, Saint Lucia, Swaziland*, Turkmenistan*, Togo and Venezuela*, introduced a draft resolution (E/1998/L.14) entitled “International Decade for a Culture of Non-Violence and Peace for the Children of the World (2001–2010)”.
In this connection, we should like to ask the Special Rapporteur why he did not give himself the trouble to ask the reasons for such delays and obstacles in the 661 Committee.
13. On 11 May, the Government of Rwanda suspended the activities of the Field Operation, pending the conclusion of an agreement on a revised mandate.
“(b) For service as technical assistance project personnel, under the 200 series of Staff Rules, or
The Committee requests the State party to take the necessary measures to see that regulations and practices in this field do not have that effect.
At the same time, 55 per cent of the IPAs are also engaged in screening activities.
21. At the same meeting, the Committee voted on revised draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.16/Rev.2 as follows:
IUCN has entered into formal agreements to cooperate with international agencies such as the United Nations Development Programme and the United Nations Environment Programme.
CCPR/C/129 Third periodic report of States parties due in 1998
Summary of other voluntary funding resource estimates for the biennium 1998-1999 (US$ thousand)
6. Requests the Secretary-General to take all necessary action to ensure that the Observer Mission is administered with maximum efficiency and economy;
The consequent instability in export earnings has adverse effects on domestic savings and government budgets, as well as on the import supply of intermediate and capital goods and hence on investment and growth.
Provision is made for the painting of helicopters ($8,000).
62. In paragraph 15 of resolution 51/211 A, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to ensure closer cooperation between Headquarters, the United Nations Office at Geneva, the United Nations Office at Vienna and the United Nations Office at Nairobi in order to improve the coordination of conference services.
An effort was made during the regional meeting to place resettlement on the policy agenda, and to identify concrete steps to implement resettlement more effectively, consistently and transparently.
Right not to be compelled to testify against oneself Right of appeal
Provision is also made for positioning/depositioning costs of $40,000, a painting/preparation cost of $10,000 and a liability and war-risk insurance cost of $3,900.
The Special Committee was informed that although they are not charged and sentenced officially, administrative detainees are held in much the same conditions as regular prisoners.
49. Evaluating officers should be required to give greater attention to the completion of assessment forms and, as a minimum, the consultants’ strengths and weaknesses should be identified.
of article IV of the Financial Regulations of the United Nations
In selecting participants for meetings, the secretariat sought to balance scientific and technical expertise on the one hand, and regional experience on the other.
The KOMPSAT programme is managed primarily by the Korea Aerospace Research Institute and the Ministry of Science and Technology.
(k) United Nations Office for Project Services.
Mrs. Martha Dueñas-Loza 35684* 32978* DC1-1106*
The Committee notes with concern that continuing violence and unrest in the region of Casamance have resulted in persistent violations of rights guaranteed by the Covenant.
One hundred projects were closed in 1996 and 163 at 31 December 1997.
Confirming their commitment to the purposes and principles set forth in the Charter of the United Nations, and in compliance with the obligations entered into in the framework of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe,
Noted with appreciation the interest expressed by the secretariat of the Convention on Migratory Species (CMS), as well as the secretariats of other relevant conventions, such as, inter alia, the Convention to Combat Desertification and the Ramsar Convention, in cooperating with the Convention bodies on related climate change issues;
In promoting the goal of gender equality, ICSC had stressed the indispensability of a policy and commitment from the top, coupled with rigorous monitoring and accountability.
Total implementation as a percentage of programmed parliamentary services
They offer women and girls from Asia and Eastern Europe, providing photographs accompanied by information such as the woman’s height, weight, and measurements.
(e) protection of the portable tank from impact or overturning by a vacuum insulation jacket.
Continuation of the consideration of the actions contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950).
Political parties and concerned sectors of society are urged to do their utmost to promote consensus on the constitutional reform.
13. The Committee recommended that, when planning the calendar of conferences and meetings, every effort should be made to avoid simultaneous peak periods at the various duty stations.
The frequency of subsequent submissions by all Parties shall be determined by the Meeting of the Parties, taking into account the differentiated timetable for the initial submission set by this paragraph:
(a) A summary of additional information that is not contained in the reports of the Secretary-General should, if necessary, be included in the introductory section of the reports;
Those incidents allegedly have led to the displacement of about 30,000 people in the province.
As a first step, Member States should be called again upon to fully participate in the reporting.
Unfortunately, the Nigerian authorities have neither acknowledged nor responded to that communication.
Monitoring of national professional project personnel and special service agreements
According to an OECD study, “most of the industrialized countries are already deeply enmeshed in globalization and are taking steps both to maximize its benefits and to ease adjustments it demands.
In the field of communication development, UNESCO is assisting the Government of Mozambique in the implementation of a project aimed at strengthening democracy through the creation of printed media as well as community or local radio stations in the central and northern provinces of the country.
4. Expresses its full support to the Government of Nigeria in the important process of building a peaceful and stable Nigeria rooted in the rule of law, democracy and respect for human rights;
310. One of the main obstacles to full implementation of the Convention is poverty, which affects 44 per cent of Peruvian women. The situation is worsening, with 18 per cent of women living in extreme poverty.
4. These activities were undertaken concurrent with the takeover, refurbishment and occupation of additional facilities from the Italian Air Force, which had previously been identified for transfer to the Base under the terms of the Memorandum of Understanding.
Recalling that the protection and promotion of human rights and the strengthening of democratic institutions are essential to prevent mass population displacement,
11. Contributions in cash and in kind by Governments and the European Community
Bond issuance, which has acquired increasing importance as the channel for private capital flows in other regions, has been limited to modest amounts in Africa.
The Controller responded to questions posed.
The Mission, which has already commented on the lynchings that have taken place (A/52/330, para. 62), reiterates its belief that this phenomenon, like the cases of “social cleansing” and the possible resurgence of illegal security forces and irregular armed groups, is fundamentally incompatible with the rule of law.
Moves to establish a drug section within the Palestinian Customs Department is also proceeding.
14. By a letter dated 14 August 1998 addressed to the Acting Chairman of the Special Committee (A/AC.109/2133), the Permanent Representative of Trinidad and Tobago to the United Nations informed the Bureau and the membership of the Special Committee of the decision of Trinidad and Tobago to withdraw from the Committee with effect from 14 August 1998.
SECTION 4: BODIES RESPONSIBLE FOR ENFORCING THE ACT
In addition, administrative and logistical support was provided to a number of other field operations and trust funds which fall under the political direction of the Department of Political Affairs and other United Nations entities.
The Agency’s 1998 regular programme budget for the Syria field was $23.3 million.
The fellows also met with survivors of the atomic bombing.
Firstly, if the veto were to be extended to the new permanent members they would agree not to exercise their right until the review takes place.
Pakistan has proposed that, in view of the current situation, the two sides should address, on a priority basis, the issues of peace and security and Jammu and Kashmir in the resumed talks.
12. Every aspect of the United Nations remains a stake and a prize in the escalating debate between the North and the South, particularly in a world where one super-Power dominates; each side with conflicting claims on fundamental values and perspectives, causing political gridlock in virtually every aspect of reform.
433. The Committee agreed that the pre-session working group should make it its usual practice to invite the specialized agencies to present to the Group country-specific information concerning periodic reports.
48/180 Entrepreneurship and privatization for economic growth and sustainable development
116. The problems are still more severe in rural areas, where the failures of political and economic policies are more acutely felt.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions orally presented the report of that Committee on the question.
It was noted that the Council had decided that UNEP should give priority, in the short and medium term, to: (a) environmental assessment, (b) coordination of environmental conventions, © freshwater, (d) technology transfer and industry and (e) support to Africa.
This included a waiver of overpayments totalling $72,905 made to seven beneficiaries in accordance with administrative rule J.9 (b). 3. Ex-gratia payments
Note 6. United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (statement XXV)
Between 1540 and 1600 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the Tyre areas at high altitude.
1. The General Assembly, by its resolution 34/180 of 18 December 1979, adopted the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
The Working Group was concerned that if the definition remained unchanged, it might inhibit the flexibility necessary for IMO to evaluate the safety and pollution hazards in accordance with the existing criteria under MARPOL 73/78, or to develop new criteria to define operational discharge classifications and ship types (see MEPC 41/3).
Having considered the budget estimates for 1998, and for 1999, presented by the head of the Secretariat in accordance with paragraph 3 of the financial rules, which are contained in documents ICCD/COP(1)/3, ICCD/COP(1)/3/Add.1 and ICCD/COP(1)/4 and which take account of documents A/AC.241/46 and A/AC.241/65,
11. Demands that the Government of Iraq bring the actions of its military and security forces into conformity with the standards of international law, in particular those of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights;32
31. Prescription cannot be invoked against serious crimes under international law such as crimes against humanity. It cannot run in respect
6. The Committee for Programme and Coordination and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions shall examine the proposed programme budget in accordance with their respective mandates and shall submit their conclusions and recommendations to the General Assembly, through its Fifth Committee, for the final approval of the programme budget.
National currency and unit of measure: Maltese liri
It was also emphasized that the recent financial crisis should be given priority attention in subprogramme 15.2, Development research and policy analysis.
Regular programme of technical cooperation
DPKO stated in response that a military-civilian study, including a cost-benefit assessment, has been initiated and must be completed before outsourcing can be adopted.
It also advised that there were regulations in force concerning the yearly reporting of quota transfers and exchanges of quotas between the Contracting Parties, the reporting of vessels authorized to fish cod in the Baltic Sea, monthly catch reporting and monthly landings reporting by Contracting Parties.
c General Assembly resolution 40/33, annex.
Image-building is often seen as a public relations activity.
The negotiation process will be facilitated by the new bankruptcy law.
Noting the Joint Ministerial Declaration of 9 June 1998 A/53/138. and its call for a new international agenda to achieve a nuclear-weapon-free world, through the pursuit, in parallel, of a series of mutually reinforcing measures at the bilateral, plurilateral and multilateral levels,
More advanced food industry products make up only 5 per cent of the agricultural exports of LDCs and 16.6 per cent of those of developing countries as a whole, against 32.5 per cent for developed countries.
34. Violations may be of individuals' rights or massive, indicating that the human rights situation in a particular State is unwholesome.
The genocide that has been repeatedly committed against the Azerbaijani people, which for a long time was not subjected to proper political and legal assessment, is one of these unopened pages of history.
This review will focus on sustainable energy technology, but will also include readily available information on technologies for other sectors.
26. Concerning the preparation of the draft report of UNISPACE III, the Working Group of the Whole had conducted a section-by-section consideration of the text contained in document A/AC.105/C.1/L.218 and provided detailed comments concerning the structure and content of the text.
Report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget
Aside from the above timetable, assistance could be obtained in emergency situations (hospital, emergency room, ambulance services, etc.) by contacting security services, at telephone number (212) 963-6666, or on extension 36666 from within.
While providing industry with a check-list to assist in the identification of potentially suspicious orders, the system had the advantage of flexibility, and did not put additional administrative burdens on industry.
With the honourable exceptions of Costa Rica and Uruguay, all countries have seen a rise in their indicators of inequality.
The Committee on Relations with the Host Country will meet on Thursday, 13 November 1997, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 7, to consider an addendum to the annual report of the Committee (A/AC.154/1997/CRP.2/Add.1).
42. The Special Rapporteur C.L.C. Mubanga-Chipoya was overoptimistic when he concluded that: "Freedom of movement within the country ... has progressed substantially and only a few examples could be mentioned of the limitation of this freedom."E/CN.4/Sub.2/1988/35, para. 512.
20. During 1997, UNICEF and WHO supported efforts to eradicate polio in Somalia by implementing sub-national immunization days in the north-east and north-west zones.
In paragraph 2 of the same section, it noted with concern the observations of the Board of Auditors that a number of findings warranted further investigation with a view to taking appropriate action against personnel responsible for such malpractice,6 and requested the Secretary-General to take appropriate action in this regard and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session.
Irrespective of the venue of the special session, resource requirements for the session will, according to established budgetary practice, be included in the Secretary-General’s proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001, and the special session and its servicing requirements will be listed in the draft biennial calendar of conferences and meetings for 2000–2001, based on resolution 50/161 and on the assumption that the session would have been held at Headquarters.
F. Role of technical agencies in the field
However, the property of being capable of remaining in airspace for a certain period of time is an admissible criterion provided that it is made sufficiently clear that such objects are subject to air law rather than space law during the period that they spend in airspace, in particular with regard to the provisions on air transit and liability for damage on the surface of Earth.
The reduction in resources may be attributed to a number of causes, as explained below.
8. During the forty-ninth session of the General Assembly, the Fifth Committee decided to defer its consideration of the reports of the Secretary-General (A/49/714 and Corr.1 and 2 and Add.1) and the related report of the Advisory Committee (A/49/867), pending the submission by the Secretary-General of the report on the comprehensive evaluation of all aspects of the administration and management of UNTAC, as requested by the Assembly in its resolution 48/255 of 26 May 1994.
For a typical 20 m3 insulated portable tank:
The key to the model was the ability of different Customs offices and administrations to communicate and exchange information with one another using EDI.
66. The management of consultants is commented on by the Board in paragraphs 71–75 of its report and involves a test sample of 234 special service agreements for consultants and experts.
Therefore, my Government would like to ask for your intervention in preventing the attempts of the Greek/Greek Cypriot side aimed at undermining security and stability in Cyprus and in the region.
Measures should be undertaken to facilitate rapid and negotiated accession to the WTO by non-member African countries.
For this reason, the Government of Denmark objects to the said reservations made by the Government of Lebanon.
It should be noted that the recently intensified provocative Turkish violations come at a time of renewed efforts aimed at breaking the impasse in the intercommunal talks, and create doubts about Turkish political will for the success of those efforts.
Furthermore, consultations had started at the local level to reform the civil and criminal codes of the majority of the states of Mexico with regard to violence against women.
The unutilized balance was also realized from the actual number of hours flown (2,051) being lower than originally planned (3,000).
The initial degree of filling of the shell, except as provided for in 4.2.3.6.3 and 4.2.3.6.4, shall be such that if the contents, except helium, were to be raised to a temperature at which the vapour pressure is equal to the maximum allowable working pressure (MAWP) the volume occupied by liquid would not exceed 98%.
United Nations Disarmament Yearbook, vol. 21 (1996) (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.IX.1) and vol. 22 (1997) (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.98.IX.1); forthcoming in all languages
If an Annex A or Annex B Party achieves real reductions in net anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases which are greater than that determined by its commitments, this difference (in terms of the sum of annual reductions of tonnes of carbon equivalent) is registered as a contribution to the fulfillment of that Party's commitments for the next period.
Indeed, these treaties - which were originally concluded almost exclusively between developed and developing countries - are now increasingly being concluded between developing countries and between these countries and economies in transition, although the great majority are still concluded between home countries that are developed countries and host countries that are developing countries (figure 3).
Inter-fund indebtedness with the General Fund is not restricted to transactions directly between the General Fund and other funds.
Furthermore, it requests the Director General of the World Health Organization (WHO) to promote the inclusion of indigenous health in its work programme at the country, regional and global level.
If so, there can be no dominant position.
3. The Special Committee reports to the Secretary-General.
Moreover, the Assembly had requested the Commission to undertake and complete its review at the current session.
Paradoxically, however, the macroeconomic policy reforms, including economic liberalization and the strengthening of the private sector, effected by the developing countries in the context of the structural reform programmes implemented in recent years, by inducing more outward looking policies, have laid the basis for the emergence of new patterns of economic cooperation among developing countries.
A Party which is a regional economic integration organization may make a declaration with like effect in relation to arbitration in accordance with the procedures referred to in subparagraph (b) above.
17. Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples [General Assembly resolution 1654 (XVI)]
International collaboration for the comparison of results and transfer of techniques;
A trade structure involving many enterprises, particularly SMEs, will require widely available and accessible trade-related services and a closer integration of the services of key sectors, whereas a trading structure involving a few large enterprises will tend to have many of the trade-related services in the enterprises themselves, with a low level of availability and accessibility to newcomers.
4.2.1.2 During transport, portable tanks shall be adequately protected against damage to the shell and service equipment resulting from lateral and longitudinal impact and overturning.
In an effort to facilitate the updating by missions of their requirements, the Secretariat had provided them with lists of document symbols, indicating the number of copies of each document that had been supplied in the past.
Estimated monthly cost is based on historical consumption patterns in the Inter-African Mission to Monitor the Implementation of the Bangui Agreements (MISAB).
In September 1997, a mission of the Department, the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank visited the Russian Federation to assess the statistical infrastructure and identify ways to enhance statistical information.
And global cocoa shortages are also in the offing if the effects of the current El Niño turns out to be as severe as in 1982–1983.
74. The Committee recommends that the Government review the legislation relating to the exploitation and trafficking of women so as to eliminate the discriminatory content of such legislation.
The representative of the United States made a statement in explanation of position.
364. The situation of rural women in Mexico was very diverse, depending on their ethnic origin and the region.
Participation in international conferences
Regarding the region of Africa, the Centres for Space Science and Technology Education for French-speaking African countries and for English-speaking African countries are expected to be inaugurated in Morocco and Nigeria, respectively, by the end of 1998.
6.6.3.14.1 The competent authority or its authorized body shall issue a design approval certificate for any new design of a portable tank. This certificate shall attest that the portable tank has been surveyed by that authority, is suitable for its intended purpose and meets the requirements of this Chapter and when appropriate the provisions for gases provided in portable tank instruction T50 in 4.2.4.2.6.
While military spending has declined in several countries, debt service payments are increasing and special initiatives have not had an adequate impact on the debt burden of the least developed and low-income countries.
[(d) Identify and implement procedures that enable their governments to take climate change considerations into account in relevant decisions, including those of intergovernmental organizations and in particular multilateral development banks;]
A second book, Globalization, Foreign Direct Investment and Technology Transfer: Impact on and Prospects for Developing Countries, is now undergoing a review.
Where there are threats of serious or irreversible damage, lack of full scientific certainty shall not be used as a reason for postponing such measures.
Although this share is expected to decline to 9 per cent in 2000, it will remain the highest for this energy carrier in a country's energy balance among Annex I Parties.
13. Total expenditures for 1996-1997 are projected at $141,235,100, comprising $137,030,600 for operational activities of the Fund and $4,204,500 for support costs (E/CN.7/1997/9, table 2).
(b) For service as technical assistance project personnel, under the 200 series of the Staff Rules;
United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala
The programme will address data collection and analysis, school curricula for prevention of drug abuse, training of health professionals and educational programmes.
In late 1997, Parliament approved the implementation of a priority programme for the Baalbeck-Hermel area, amounting to LL 150 billion and comprising agricultural credit, road building and specific projects, with an immediate return.
Reiterating, in the light of the Santiago Commitment to Democracy and the Renewal of the Inter-American System, our will to promote the revitalization of the Organization of American States,
44. In Operation Lifeline Sudan northern sector, the ERT structure facilitated the emergency operations of NGOs in areas where access for international NGOs had previously been restricted, including Wau and Unity states.
230. CPPS has stated that, with respect to fleet capacity management, the Commission does not have information on large-scale pelagic drift-net fleets, but both industrial and artisanal fleets in its area of competence are subject to management.
The second are those aimed at restricting each competitor’s room for manoeuvre in that market.
Interactions with such adults can impart knowledge about how to be and how to live together.
The Centre for Disarmament Affairs, in collaborating with the Department of Public Information and the NGO Committee on Disarmament (New York), will hold a series of panel discussions to take place during Disarmament Week of 1997 from 21 to 23 October 1997.
197. Particular concern is expressed at the inadequate measures taken to ensure the effective implementation of the general principles of the Convention on the Rights of the Child both in legislation and in practice.
ICSC pointed out, moreover, that on a number of occasions, most recently in section D of its resolution 51/226, of 3 April 1997, the Assembly’s request to establish a career development policy had been directed to the United Nations Secretariat, not ICSC.
Appendix II Members of the Working Group on the Consultative Process and Working Arrangements
Fusible elements used on portable tanks intended for the transport of elevated temperature substances shall be designed to operate at a temperature higher than the maximum temperature that will be experienced during transport and shall be to the satisfaction of the competent authority or its authorized body.
As the technology advances, inexpensive biosensors will be developed, possibly to the point where they will be disposable after a single use.
EU’s GSP benefits for clothing and textile products are generally limited to a 15 per cent margin of the MFN rates and subject to several country-sector limitations.
Lack of action could result in the loss of many lives in racial conflict.
15. Since this is the last regular meeting of the Council that I will attend in my capacity as Executive Secretary, I would ask the indulgence of the Council members to let me share a few personal reflections about the Commission and its future work.
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system
Training national cadres: Officers of the Ministère Public (Prosecutions Office), Deputy Government Procurator.
Statements were made the representatives of Ghana, Cyprus, Rwanda, Morocco, Benin, Indonesia, Turkey, Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Azerbaijan, Belarus, Yemen, Croatia, Armenia, Malawi, Latvia, Lithuania, Ukraine, Pakistan and the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Principle 29: Restrictions on the right of asylum
Other reports add that, of these, four are judges in the family court and one is an assistant judge in the general court.
The globally observed trend towards democracy has also benefited the areas of human rights and development.
20. Budgetary assumptions have been modified in line with the recommendations.
Under HIPC, Mozambique’s debt stock-to-export ratio is expected to be reduced from 466 to 200 per cent.
Many experts acknowledged that although ODA had been diminishing over the last few years, it continued to play an important role, particularly in capacity-building and institutional development in developing countries.
For the Registry, 1998 vacancy rates for Professional posts ranged from 35.1 per cent in January projected to 11.0 per cent in December and, for General Service posts, from 17.1 per cent to a projected 4.3 per cent.
15. Emphasizes that the opening of the capital account must be carried out in an orderly, gradual and well-sequenced manner, keeping its pace in line with the strengthening of countries’ ability to sustain its consequences, underscores the crucial importance in this regard of solid domestic financial systems and of an effective prudential framework, and invites the International Monetary Fund, the World Bank and relevant international regulatory bodies to contribute to this process;
Between 0000 and 0545 hours the minion Lahad's militia and Israeli forces strafed areas around Qal`at al-Shaqif (Chateau de Beaufort) and areas along the Litani River.
(The value of missed equipment disposal recoveries assumes that, had the $165.2 million worth of equipment shipped to the Base been disposed of locally instead of being shipped, the United Nations would have recovered 44.3 per cent of its value through local sales).
OIOS Office of Internal Oversight Services
Training of personnel is also envisaged under this technical cooperation activity.
The view was frequently expressed that the measures were part of a conspiracy undertaken by the Agency in concert with donors.
24. The Permanent Secretariat shall, on request and within the limits of its resources, facilitate assistance to affected developing country Parties, particularly affected African country Parties and least developed Parties among them, in the compilation and communication of information pursuant to the present procedures, or seek such assistance from bilateral donors and/or competent intergovernmental organizations. Decision 12/COP.1
Between 0400 and 0600 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
SADC leaders committed themselves to do everything within their power to ensure that the Angolan peace process remained on course and was speedily and successfully completed.
41. Requests the Secretary-General to provide by the end of 1999 a compilation of updated statistics and indicators on the situation of women and girls, including older women and those with special needs, in countries around the world, including by issuing a volume of The World’s Women;
I ask that you have this letter distributed as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly in connection with agenda item 97 (a).
The Assembly decided to waive the provision of rule 40 of the rules of procedure.
However, the availability of data and the cost of analysis may impose serious limitations to applying some of the bottom-up and top-down methods described above.
109. Right of peoples to self-determination (P.112).
In addition, intercom systems were also purchased for armoured personnel carriers ($2,745) and expenditure in the amount of $23,000 pertaining to the period ending 30 June 1996 was recorded during the period under review.
The impact of microcredit lending varies widely between rural areas and urban areas.
Details are provided in paragraph 22 below.
(e) Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s;
Further action is required by the Office to improve the financial management of projects.
1. The current financial crisis afflicting the world economy has systemic elements and the countries affected cannot deal with the problem in isolation.
The suspension of all political parties (except AFDL) does not bode well for progress in this area.
Today, there is ample evidence that inadequate shelter and related services can cause and exacerbate ill-health and morbidity.
15. This trust fund was established pursuant to Security Council resolution 1063 (1996) of 28 June 1996 to defray the cost of additional military personnel provided to supplement the military personnel authorized by the Council for UNSMIH.
Moreover, even though the psychiatric expert had stated that a more thorough examination was required because “it could not be established whether, at the time the act was committed, the individual was suffering from a mental illness ...”, that examination was never conducted and it was impossible to know whether, as the accused asserted, he had acted under emotional duress.
Report of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee)
289. On 16 April, the Israeli daily Ha’aretz reported that 96 Palestinians had been placed under administrative detention by the Israeli authorities on the grounds of security.
In addition, a policy regarding the shipment of used assets to Brindisi is now in place (see A/51/905).
Annex I Parties may meet up to 25 per cent (twenty-five per cent) of their domestic emission reduction obligations through joint implementation projects, and up to 100 per cent (a hundred per cent) of their emission reductions outside their territory.
278. After considerable debate, the Board decided by consensus:
Referring to the opening words of paragraph 3, he observed that Article 1, paragraph 1, of the Charter also made reference to the requirement of conformity with the principles of justice and international law.
182. Commission on Human Rights – Working Group on Enforced or Involuntary Disappearances, fifty-ninth session [Economic and Social Council decision
Status of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide
. In 1996, the operational focus of UNDCP included the development of a global approach, the strengthening of interregional links between ongoing regional and subregional cooperation programmes, particularly between programmes in countries in central and south-west Asia.
As regards the latter, a programme of action for advancing financial intermediation in Africa was adopted in May 1998 in Mauritius by a high-level workshop organized by the Office of the Special Coordinator for Africa and the Least Developed Countries.
Room B CONFERENCE: OPEN-ENDED WORKING GROUP ON THE UNITED NATIONS REFORM AND
357. The participation by observers in the deliberations of the Committee enriches and strengthens the work of the Committee.
19. FAO - Council, one hundred and sixteenth session
On the other hand, most other countries are only starting to grapple with these subjects.
1 The name of the Trust Fund was subsequently modified to “United Nations Fund for International Partnerships”.
“13. Also calls upon the administering Powers that have not participated in the work of the Special Committee to do so at its 1998 session;”.
The present report is submitted pursuant to that request.
20. It would appear that, given the refusal of the authorities to establish a genuine dialogue with the leadership of the NLD and the failure to convene the National Assembly, the NLD leadership has embarked on a campaign designated to achieve those ends by resorting to political actions in line with the normal exercise of basic civil and political rights.
Environment and sustainable development [98] (A/52/25, A/52/112, A/52/217-S/1997/507, A/52/284, A/52/318, A/52/347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/52/514-S/1997/815)
Hungary seeks compensation in the amount of US$21,898 for such costs.
All of the OECD countries promote outward FDI, primarily in three areas: information and technical assistance; financial support and fiscal incentives; and investment insurance (see table 2).
6. Since the High Commissioner’s previous report to the General Assembly, the Field Operation has focused its monitoring activities on alleged violations perpetrated chiefly in the north-west of Rwanda; on the extremely harsh conditions of detention; and on national genocide trials.
Noting with concern the vulnerability of the Territory to drug trafficking and related activities, as well as its problems caused by illegal immigration,
Improving knowledge of the rapidly changing drug-abuse situation and generating accurate information on the consequences of different intervention options were crucial for success.
The effort includes establishing access to potable water, the provision of agricultural seeds and tools, the restarting of local markets and the erection of appropriate sanitation facilities.
* Following the adjournment of the 22nd meeting of the Sixth Committee.
A major factor has been export growth, which according to the Economic Commission for Africa, went from -4.2 per cent in 1993 to 3.3 per cent in 1994 and 16.2 per cent in 1995.
31. Takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the development of United Nations international radio broadcasting capacity; A/AC.198/1998/4.
A number of its Chairmen have made every effort to deal with the urgent and relevant issues concerning the rationalization by rearranging the agenda and improving the functioning of the Committee.
A consequence is the lack of branding, which can be an effective method of creating niche markets for processed meat at the international level.
We have the honour to transmit herewith the texts of the Joint Communiqué on the results of the State visit by the President of the Russian Federation, Mr. B. N. Yeltsin, to Uzbekistan, and of the Joint Statement of the Presidents of Uzbekistan and the Russian Federation on the situation in Afghanistan, adopted on 12 October 1998 (see annexes I and II).
6. The most important international legal instrument establishing the right to freedom of movement is the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, articles 12 and 13 of the Covenant being the most informative as regards the content of the right to freedom of movement:
(e) The entry into force of this Convention;
(c) Provision of equal social protection for women in both the public and private sectors including extension of paid maternity leave to the private sector to bridge the gap between the working conditions in these sectors;
Furthermore, many of them also give rise to questions of great significance for the overall “philosophy” of certain fundamental aspects of human rights.
Report of the Programme and Budget Committee on the work of its resumed thirteenth session (continued) (19 November 1997)
The Committee concurs with the Board’s recommendation and notes that its implementation will improve the Organization’s ability to follow up, namely, to collect overdue accounts receivable and to maintain proper control over accounts payable.
Special Representative of the Secretary-General on In-ternally Displaced Persons Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Cuba
Such recognition would not merely create a general legal basis for the solution of a number of questions connected with the responsibility of States committing such violations but could also play a significant role as a preventive measure.
Although there is no specific section or chapter in the national communication devoted to education, training and public awareness, a number of examples of this are mentioned in the sections on policies and measures, which were complemented by additional information provided during the country visit.
The high-level segment will consider, through a comparative examination of concrete experiences, issues pertaining to the relationship between competition and competitiveness from a development perspective in a globalizing and liberalizing world economy.
Note: The summary of the 49th plenary meeting of the General Assembly will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 1997/221).
COMESA is expected to expand with the inclusion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo and the construction of a transport grid that would directly link East and West Africa.
Held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, from 28 to 30 May 1997
Innovative financial mechanisms, including international environmental fundsEnvironmental funds can pool various types of financial resources (earmarked taxes and charges, grants or concessional loans, debt-for-nature swaps, etc.) to provide long-term funding for environmental programmes.
We are in a critical phase and without free movement of people, there can be no economic development, no peace, no autonomy, he declared.
The incumbent would be responsible for tiling and masonry work.
A new maximum security prison has been constructed with an estimated accommodation of 2,100 inmates.
INSTRAW United Nations International Research and Training Institute for the Advancement of Women
For the majority of reporting Parties CO2 emissions from international bunkers were equivalent to 1 to 6 per cent of total CO2 emissions; in Iceland and Netherlands they were equivalent to 17 and 24 per cent, respectively.
Any contribution made later than March is carried over to the following year.
3. By the same resolution, the Security Council also authorized the Secretary-General to take the measures necessary to ensure that MINURCA would be fully deployed by 15 April 1998 in order to carry out its mandate, and to ensure a smooth transition between the Inter-African Mission to Monitor the Implementation of the Bangui Agreements (MISAB) and MINURCA.
18.2 Despite the budgetary reductions, tangible achievements were made during the biennium. In the area of new technologies, the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean (ECLAC) made considerable efforts to improve the Commission’s electronic communications system. The production of traditional hard-copy fascicles, such as CARISPLAN Abstracts, is now being done in electronic format and disseminated through the ECLAC website on the Internet.
The situation as regards portfolio investments, however, was different.
The total amount available for programming in 1996–1997 was $109.1 million.
III. Correspondence between the Government of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Special Representative, January–August 1998
2. At its opening meeting, the Expert Meeting elected the following officers to serve on its Bureau.
The Committee remains concerned at the lack of adequate and systematic training for professional groups working with and for children, including judges, lawyers, law enforcement personnel, policy makers, lawmakers, government and military officials, community leaders, health professionals, teachers, social workers, and personnel working in child-care institutions.
Table 1 Programme budget implications, 1998–1999
The SBI took note of the comments expressed by the Parties on the date and venue for COP 4 and recommended the decision contained in annex V to this document for adoption by the COP at its third session.
The report combines selected reports of the Secretary-General, reports of related past meetings, the deliberations of the Expert Group and several case studies.
The unutilized balance of $600 resulted from no new subscriptions being opened and close control of the renewal process.
62. Special attention has been paid to the revision and updating of existing issues.
2. As of 15 June 1998, no communication had been received from Member States on this matter.
The scope of work of the contract includes support for movement control and air operations, buildings and engineering services, communications and information technology, fuel operations, equipment maintenance, general services, warehouse management and ground transportation services at mission headquarters, six regional headquarters and provincial offices and team sites.
In 1995-1996, 147 anti-dumping actions were initiated by a number of developed countries and nearly 600 definitive anti-dumping duties were in force in these countries at the end of 1996.
Trusting in the will and ability of the people of Guatemala to meet the historic challenge, the European Union reaffirms its active support for the peace process and its solidarity with all Guatemalans committed to it.
Foreign Minister Dr. Mapopa Chipeta of Malawi
“No contracts, agreements or undertaking of any nature for an amount exceeding $1,000 shall be entered into until credits have been received in the accounts through the recording of an obligation, to meet any expenditures which may accrue in the financial period”.
II. RESOLUTIONS ADOPTED BY THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES
You may read in a second special report which is before you about the work that has been done for the implementation of the Strategy.
11. Of the commitment authorization of $1,773,618, actual ($1,030,640) and estimated ($131,153) expenditures as at 5 February 1998 amount to $1,161,793, leaving an unencumbered balance of $611,825.
However, it was also noted that to a certain degree the rules of origin are designed to ensure that recipient countries derive real benefits in terms of trade growth and vertical industrial processing in recipient countries.
While in the Syrian Arab Republic, the Committee also received a written communication from the Governor of Quneitra Province.
As regards its part in Brussels in 1995, the first collective traineeship focused only on antitrust policy.
Developing countries have not generally been able to take significant advantage of new opportunities presented by ISO 14001 due to the novelty of EMS in the developing world.
(iv) The simplification and streamlining of all personnel rules and procedures;
C. Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
4. Calls upon the Secretary-General to implement fully and monitor the strategic plan of action for the improvement of the status of women in the Secretariat (1995–2000) A/49/587 and Corr.1, sect. IV. in order to achieve the goal of 50/50 gender distribution by the year 2000, especially at the D-1 level and above;
Under the authority of the Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, the strategy is being translated into concrete actions, and actions are being implemented with contributions from partner agencies.
Annex I Draft decisions recommended by the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological
2. The officers referred to in paragraph 1 shall remain in office until their successors are elected at the next ordinary session and shall serve in that capacity at any intervening extraordinary sessions.
Education must not be an instrument for the destruction of the culture of peoples or the social fabric.
E. Adoption of the report of the Committee
He described the case of a woman who had died of a heart attack caused by emotional distress when speaking through a megaphone.
In that resolution, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General, subject to the decision of the COP at its first session, to consider:
It shall establish a programme commission and an administrative and financial commission.
No compensation should be awarded for the duplicate claims.
80. OAS invited UNEP to make a presentation on the existing international environmental agreements in August 1998, in Brazil, during the annual inter-American course on international law.
An underlying priority is poverty eradication, particularly the feminization of poverty, and related economic and social issues, including population, health, food security, education and environmental impact.
At the end of the debate, the Council, for the first time in its history, adopted a ministerial communiqué (E/1998/L.13) which provided a political impetus to the trade negotiations under the auspices of the World Trade Organization.
(c) The exercise would be extremely expensive, difficult in practice, and would involve volumes of required data and there were political considerations in applying the methodology.
This paragraph shall be applied provisionally, pending its entry into force in accordance with Article 15.
This initiative allows for the expertise of the Section to be drawn on even when it is not possible to provide investigators to conduct inquiries.
Actual expenditures averaged $8,400 per month and amounted to $100,900 (inclusive of $5,579 pertaining to UNMIH in respect of the period ending 30 June 1996), resulting in the unutilized balance of $23,900 under this heading.
President of President of President of President of
“The joint convention on the safety of spent fuel management and the safety of radioactive waste management.”
Interactions of these with earth-orbiting satellites affect the sensors and electronic systems of the latter.
The Board observed that there had been limited progress in this area and that the methodology was yet to address the issue of the treatment of boarding costs in its entirety.
36. Financing of the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic (D.161).
At the same meeting, the Conference then conducted the poll by secret ballot.
5. In his reports to the Security Council of 13 December 1995 (S/1995/1031) and 6 February 1996 (S/1996/83), the Secretary-General stated his intention to retain small but adequately staffed United Nations liaison offices at Belgrade and Zagreb, whose primary function would be to provide political and information support to all the United Nations missions in the former Yugoslavia.
At the 3rd meeting, on 5 March, statements were made on behalf of five
Provision is made for spare parts and replacement equipment for UNIKOM water-purification equipment in order to ensure reliability of quality and quantity of water.
No. 19 National Institutions for the Promotion and Protection of Human Rights
At the fifteenth executive session, the Board will be invited to consider applications from the two non-governmental organizations listed below.
3. At the time the Government of Jordan proposed the agenda item relating to the new international humanitarian order, it pointed out that its purpose was not to question the existing humanitarian instruments and mechanisms but rather to build on them and thus strengthen the international response to humanitarian challenges.
Its assistance consisted mainly in the supply of essential pharmaceuticals, training of health professionals and traditional birth attendants, and the development of strategies and operational guidelines.
141. The Committee on Conferences convened its 404th meeting on 21 October 1997, pursuant to a decision taken at its 402nd meeting to defer consideration of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999 to a resumed session, after receiving the revised estimates contained in the proposed programme budget for the biennium (A/52/303).
Still greater policy convergence and harmonization are required if these efforts are truly to gain momentum.
20. No provision is required under this heading.
Statements were made by representatives of 12 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States, one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China and another speaking on behalf of the African Group.
The United Nations Resident Coordinator in Liberia will be the Deputy to the Representative of the Secretary-General, and will continue to be responsible for the operational coordination of development activities carried out by the United Nations system.
14. For these reasons, the quantification of such “contingent opportunity costs” is extremely difficult.
Work on updating the backlog in bank reconciliations is progressing according to schedule.
31. In the interest of making the preparatory process efficient and cost-effective, it is recommended that the second substantive session of the preparatory committee be held for five working days in February 2001, back-to-back with the eighteenth session of the Commission on Human Settlements, which would also be held for five working days immediately before the preparatory committee.
The Board will convene its Advisory Expert Group in June to assist it in that work.
Therefore, the Secretariat should take the steps necessary to fully integrate such policies and activities in its work and undertake the coordination role required in that regard.
Vacancies for which eligibility to apply is restricted to such internal candidates shall be referred to as “internal vacancies”.
X. Types of social reintegration programmes available 25
7. In a note verbale dated 30 July 1998, the Permanent Mission of Australia to the United Nations informed the Secretary-General that the Government of Australia had offered 13 scholarships in 1997/98 to New Caledonia and an additional six scholarships will be offered in 1998/99.
United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Saharaa
Accordingly, Russia considers that, at the present stage, it would be counter-productive to include this category of weapons in the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms, or to assign them to a separate register.
However, there are countries, most recently, South Africa, which have adopted laws restricting and regulating the activities of these companies in order to avoid any tolerance of mercenary activities.
The two CN-235 violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the area of the Cape of Apostolos Andreas.
5. Early on the Council established a practice whereby an abstention by a permanent member on a non-procedural question would not constitute a veto.
2 United Nations publication, Sales No. E.96.II.D.3.
World demand for cocoa has been growing at about 3 per cent per year, and this trend is expected to continue over the next decade.
17. The Government did not cooperate with other rapporteurs and working groups of the Commission on Human Rights that submitted urgent cases to it for action.
The plan would help Jerusalem’s housing shortage by building 100,000 additional housing units in the annexed areas, including in areas located beyond the Green Line.
(b) The use of consultants hinders the dialogue with the Government;
The General Assembly may consider the issue of unlimited financial liability for losses due to hostile action and forced abandonment of contingent-owned equipment in the global context of the overall review of temporal and financial limitations on claims against the Organization.
• For improved transparency, there is a need to modify the manner in which the programme’s income, expenditures and reserves are reported in the Organization’s financial statements;
The provisional agenda, annotations, list of documents and work plan are contained in document DP/1998/L.1.
The CHAIRMAN drew attention to the draft decision on agenda item 14 entitled “Programme and budgets, 1998-1999” appearing in document GC.7/CRP.7 (“Draft decisions based on recommendations of the Industrial Development Board”).
(e) Costs of legal assistance and valuations.
After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the representatives of Cuba and Canada.
The first instrument, mounted on the Russian satellite Meteor 3 and launched in January 1994, functioned for 13 months.
These policies have sustained and given form and identity to the respective programmes and activities, and have shaped unique roles for each of these organizations in the intricate world of development cooperation.
Legislative approaches (legislative recommendation 2 and paras. 5-8)
354. The documents should be factual and analytical and should be prepared in conformity with legislative mandates in order to facilitate the deliberations of the Committee.
28. The Economic Commission for Africa (ECA) convened a major conference entitled “African Women and Economic Development” and a series of subregional meetings on the implementation of the African Platform for Action.
“Noting that considerable progress has been achieved in developing and applying the latest information technologies and means of telecommunication,
Nearly $500,000 worth of contracted aviation services were unused in that period.
(b) The administrative expenses charged to the Fund should not be increased to relieve organizations of the budgetary cuts that have been imposed on them, as this would have negative implications on the Fund's long-term financial equilibrium;
Appreciation was expressed to the Inter-agency Committee for Women and Gender Equality for having made great progress in supporting the mainstreaming of a gender perspective into the work of the United Nations system.
194. The statement made by the State party during the oral dialogue indicating its intention to pursue cooperation with all international mechanisms for the protection of human rights is noted.
(a) Strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations;
Macroeconomic policy questions [95] (A/52/284, A/52/347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/C.2/52/4)
He recommends, in particular, that the National Human Rights Commission should now be given the structure and the means to play an essential role in the promotion and protection of human rights in Rwanda as decided by the Government of Rwanda and as stipulated by the fundamental law of Rwanda.
(b) The discussion section should reflect views expressed in a precise and objective manner.
The RDMHQ would consist of earmarked personnel currently in the Secretariat, personnel nominated by Governments who would remain in their home country until deployment, and a small core of personnel for functions which will require full-time attention.
UNCTAD/DTCI/30(Vol.I) International Investment Instruments:
The rate of increase approximated estimated population growth.
Work with a major research institution in the United States focused on the identification of areas of UNDCP activity where the collection, analysis and dissemination of drug-related data could be improved.
331. On 14 November, it was reported that a new road was being built for a new neighbourhood of 350 housing units in the Maaleh Adumim settlement.
119. The UNU peace and governance programme has three focuses: studying past events, conceptualizing the present and planning for the future.
14.14 The work of the secretariat of the International Narcotics Control Board (INCB), was implemented as programmed during the entire period of the medium-term plan 1992-1997.
In addition, article 18 of the 1996 draft Code of Crimes Against the Peace and Security of Mankind lists five "crimes against humanity": among them "forcible transfer of population".
The situation is also reflected in the continued abuse of cough syrups containing codeine.
The final document also outlined, in paragraphs 109 to 111, the respective areas of work to be dealt with by the three Commissions.
40. The prescription of heroin is expected to continue until 1998 for those who were enrolled in the programme before June 1996.
(c) To participate in the work of the Contact Group of guarantor States and organizations and to serve as its coordinator;
B. Strategies for promoting child-centred human-settlements development
One host Party focuses on new financial mechanisms to direct AIJ.
37. At its two hundred sixty-eighth session, in March 1997, the ILO Governing Body decided to refer the complaint to a Commission of Inquiry chaired by Sir William Douglas (Barbados).
(e) To encourage the regions having Implementation Annexes to expand their efforts to collaborate and exchange experiences with other regions of the Convention in order to improve CCD interregional cooperation. Decision 13/COP.1
(c) The scale and scope of humanitarian action must be determined principally on the basis of identified needs;
Based on this rationale, the 20/20 Initiative, launched at the 1995 World Summit for Social Development, calls on Governments to allocate, on average, 20 per cent of their national budgets and aid flows to basic social services.
UNITA has been reluctant to hand over four strategic locations, namely Andulo, Bailundo, Mungo and N’Harea.
The view was expressed that even in some sections that suffered from the resource constraints, equal treatment was not followed and priorities were shifted without informing the General Assembly and getting its prior approval.
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Ibid., Supplement No. 36 (A/53/36).
But commodity exports continued to constitute a major source of foreign exchange earnings for a large number of developing countries.
The Togolese Federation of UNESCO clubs and associations organized a week of activities to promote tolerance.
The activities of Operation Lifeline Sudan were also constrained by the deterioration of the main road from El Doret to Lokichokio, which was essential for the supply of aviation fuel to the Lokichokio camp.
(d) To upgrade the technological capacity in conference services in line with new developments in technology;
Implementation at offices away from Headquarters
The Secretary of the Committee responded to questions raised by the representatives of the Sudan and Indonesia.
12. Also at its 27th meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.5/Rev.1 without a vote (see para. 24, draft resolution B).
Thus, a community consultation process should be established, allowing community members to articulate their actual problems and advocate for desired changes.
The list that follows shows the additional cases in respect of which follow-up information has been requested from States (Views in which the deadline for receipt of follow-up information had not yet expired have not been included).
In addition to the names of the experts, the communications shall include a reference to their field(s) of expertise, as well as their addresses.
45. The UNICEF Field Manual requires field offices to ensure that arrangements have been made to transfer responsibility for UNICEF supplies and equipment to the Government and that an appropriate government official must sign the government receipt as formal evidence that UNICEF has delivered supplies and equipment as previously agreed with the Government.
Furthermore, as with all statistically estimated parameters, the predicted trade losses have an associated error term of some 10 percentage points to the mean prediction.
As the activities of the 1998-1999 biennium are costed at over $17 million annually, it is clear that the currently projected fund balance of $1,522,135 at the end of 1999 will not be adequate to ensure a healthy financial status for the Foundation beyond the biennium 1998-1999.
Regrettably, many of the humanitarian issues identified by the Independent Commission remain unresolved; some of them, such as internal conflicts and the attendant problems of refugees and displaced persons, have grown in magnitude and complexity in recent years.
UNCTAD IX called for the identification and analysis of the implications for development of issues relevant to a possible multilateral framework on investment.
They confirm their firm commitment to the development of the provisions laid down in the Treaty on the foundations of inter-State relations between the Kyrgyz Republic and the Republic of Tajikistan, of 12 July 1996,
24. The representative of Venezuela highlighted her country's recent liberalization experience, especially in the area of petroleum exploitation and exploration.
33. Most speakers were supportive of the views expressed in the report of the Secretary-General on the importance of forming partnerships with information redisseminators, in the belief that such links were absolutely essential in reaching the people of the world.
35. In paragraph 18 of its resolution 50/225, the General Assembly recommended that the Secretary-General ensure maximum coordination of the activities of the United Nations system in the field of public administration and development.
In the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East (UNRWA), the total combined income for all funds of $633.8 million fell short of the actual combined expenditure of $651.5 million, resulting in a deficit of $17.7 million, which was funded from the General Fund.
Even the limited application of telemedicine to date has increased awareness of its potential benefits in terms of cost savings for service providers and consumers and increased accessibility of health services, including specialized care.
The following sections, arranged on a country-by-country basis in the sequence followed by the Committee in its consideration of the reports, contain the concluding observations adopted by the Committee with respect to the States parties' reports considered at its sixty-first, sixty-second and sixty-third sessions.
64. The observer for the International Chamber of Shipping (ICS) preferred the text of alternative 1 but felt that, since this alternative could not be accepted, a compromise had to be found.
In April 1997, it conducted a survey, which showed that headquarters sections and 10 field offices had their own rosters.
UNDP would apply modalities of accountability for the GM, involving a number of dimensions:
In a system of trial by “faceless judges”, neither the independence nor the impartiality of the judges is guaranteed, since the tribunal, being established ad hoc, may comprise serving members of the armed forces” (annex XI, sect. F, para. 8.8).
The proposals, which can come either from an organization individually or from two or more organizations jointly, must be received by the interim secretariat by 15 May 1997.
2. States parties shall take appropriate measures consistent with their domestic legislation to protect the confidentiality of any information which they receive in confidence by virtue of the provisions of this Convention from another State party or through participation in an activity carried out for the implementation of this Convention.
“(k) Working paper submitted by the Netherlands, on behalf of the European Union (A/CN.10/1997/WG.II/WP.5).
The Media Accreditation and Liaison Unit provides the following services to correspondents:
6. Adoption of the report of the Working Group on its fifteenth session.
As from 1997, the Committee holds two regular annual sessions in New York of 15 working days each, preceded by a five-day meeting of the pre-session working group.
Under the principle of geographical rotation provided for in rule 12 (2) of the Commission's rules of procedure, the following regional groups should provide candidates for the offices in question for the sixteenth session of the Commission: Sixteenth
29. In Asia, a regional conference was held in New Delhi from 21-23 August 1996.
74. Further progress was made during the period under review on the follow-up to the Beijing Conference.
Prepared in consultation with the General Secretariat of the Organization of American States (OAS), the report reviews the general context in which MICIVIH has been operating, the Mission’s efforts to enhance respect for human rights through its monitoring of, and technical assistance to, the police force, the prison administration, the justice system and the Office of the Ombudsman as well as its human rights promotion programmes.
19. Also takes note of the report of the Secretary-General on the results of the trial integration of United Nations information centres with field offices of the United Nations Development Programme, submitted to the Committee on Information at its nineteenth session;14
6. As part of the five-year review process, UNFPA is sponsoring a series of events, including technical meetings and round-table discussions on selected subjects, as well as an international forum focusing on operational aspects of implementation of the Programme of Action.
(j) United Nations Special Initiative for the Implementation of the New Agenda for the Development of Africa;
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
The proposals in section II reflect the recommendations of the Working Party.
2. Criteria for the classification of human rights violations
A. Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention
It is composed of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, the Executive Heads of the specialized agencies as well as of those of the United Nations Programmes established by the General Assembly under Article 22 of the Charter, including UNCTAD.
Proposed programme budget outline for the biennium 2000–2001
INTERMAN links leading management development centres and enterprises in over 72 countries, including all major regional associations worldwide.
At its 2nd and 4th meetings, on 25 and 28 February, respectively, the SBSTA considered the sub-item on communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
Recalling the provisions of its resolution 2312 (XXII) of 14 December 1967, by which it adopted the Declaration on Territorial Asylum,
39. Although the Council and OSZhD have made commendable efforts to facilitate inter-railway cooperation, railways operations have continued to suffer from many problems, notably falling freight volumes and revenues, difficulties related to late return of wagons back to home lines, and settlement of balances which have now to be paid in hard currency.
The report of the GM to the COP may contain data on the financial flows, their patterns, balance and gaps, on the demands not satisfied and on the under-utilized sources of funding.
The SBI took note of the activities undertaken by the secretariat to facilitate the provision of support to non-Annex I Parties for the preparation of their initial national communications described in document FCCC/SB/1997/INF.1, and requested the secretariat, keeping in view decision 10/CP.2 and Articles 4.3 and 12.5, to continue to report to the SBI at future sessions on further progress achieved.
114. Some Commission members considered that the survey was biased since those surveyed would be directly affected by whatever conclusions the Commission reached.
This large majority for substantive decisions should meet the concerns of all groups of Parties, including those that fear that their concerns may not be taken into account if voting majorities are not large enough.
18. Air traffic control services and equipment.
An appeal may be made within three months by the Prosecutor and will be examined by the Appeal Court in Cyangugu.
Each Party to the 1988 Convention is required to adopt such measures as may be necessary to establish as criminal offences certain acts under its domestic law.
Although the number of participants, 68,708, as at 31 December 1995 decreased over the biennium to 67,740 as at 31 December 1997, the total contributions increased by $0.10 billion (7 per cent) to $1.59 billion (1995: $1.49 billion) owing to changes in the levels of pensionable remuneration.
The Committee notes that the proposed staffing includes an upgrading of one P-4 post to the P-5 level for a staff member to serve as head of the implementation team for offices away from Headquarters.
This principle could be further elaborated and applied to obtain equity in burden sharing in the future;
UNMOT would establish a team site at each assembly area to carry out those functions.
3. At the 3rd meeting, on 5 October 1998 following a statement by the representative of the Comoros, A/C.5/53/SR.3. the Fifth Committee decided to give priority consideration to the recommendations of the Committee on Contributions contained in chapter III, section C, of the report, prior to its consideration of the item as scheduled in its programme of work.
Indictment reviews: two attorneys to visit Rwanda Tribunal in Kigali ($28,800)
Additional interest may have been forgone in respect of those countries and NGOs who had failed to submit complete disbursement reports for 1996 and 1997.
OIOS is following up the issues raised and the remedial measures recommended.
Structured discussion of specific subjects on the adopted thematic approach on disarmament and international security agenda items (items 62-82) (A/C.1/52/INF/1)
Regrettably, the level of contributions to this Fund has been decreasing (see figure III).
Compensation for service at hazardous duty stations was in effect until 28 February 1998 and is subject to periodic review.
50/117 International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction
(c) The present salary structures tended to reward length of service and seniority rather than merit.
. IFAD has a broad base of collaboration agreements in operation with almost all IFIs and the Regional Development Banks, as well as FAO and WFP.
5. Further requests the organization housing the Global Mechanism and the Permanent Secretariat to work out appropriate arrangements for liaison and cooperation between the Permanent Secretariat and the Global Mechanism in order to avoid duplication and to enhance the effectiveness of Convention implementation in accordance with their respective roles in implementation;
2. Information activities continue to benefit from the generosity of member States.
Subsequently, the Secretary-General reiterated his position in a letter to the members of the Executive Committee of UNDG earlier in 1998, in which he asked that they focus on common efforts to strengthen the resident coordinator system based on the legislative link between the resident coordinators and UNDP resident representatives.
348. On 26 December, it was reported that plans to expand the Beit El settlement were expected to be launched during the following week, in a cornerstone-laying ceremony for a new neighbourhood built in memory of two settlers who had been shot in its vicinity in 1996.
2. Regulation 3.11 provides, inter alia, that the medium-term plan shall be revised as necessary every two years to incorporate required programme changes and that the proposed revisions shall be as detailed as required to incorporate the programme implications of the resolutions and decisions adopted by the intergovernmental organs or international conferences since the adoption of the plan.
Specific requirements are laid down for certain substances in the applicable tank instruction indicated in Column 10 of the Dangerous Goods List and described in 4.2.4 or by a portable tank special provision indicated in Column 11 of the Dangerous Goods List.
Overall direction, management and coordination of legal advice and services to the United Nations as a whole
A review of the working arrangement with UNDP will also be done, if necessary, to facilitate receipt of audit reports.
1. The brief presentation by the UNCTAD secretariat on the evolution of telecommunications services in the world and some prospects for the future was placed in the context of the recommendations of the United Nations International Symposium on Trade Efficiency (UNISTE).
99. Likewise, to ensure that the institution is not held responsible for illegal acts committed individually by its members or former members, the army should cooperate actively with the competent State agencies to elucidate such acts and punish their perpetrators, and should issue clear instructions to its members to refrain from committing any act that could affect the independence and impartiality of the courts or obstruct official investigations.
In East Jerusalem, the march marking the anniversary of Al-Naqba was forcibly dispersed by police and border police forces.
They also pledged to work for donor countries and other partners to ensure comprehensive and complementary programmes for mine clearance, destruction of stockpiles and rehabilitation of victims.
IMIS Integrated Management Information System
I. OVERALL PRESENTATION OF THE SET OF PRINCIPLES 16 — 43 5
It further suggests that the State party ratify the Hague Convention on Protection of Children and Cooperation in Respect of Intercountry Adoption.
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on assistance to unaccompanied refugee minors (A/53/325);
Bearing in mind these results, the need to follow up this programme was clear and, in December 1996, an agreement between CNES and NASA was signed.
The parties to a dispute which is likely to endanger the maintenance of international peace and security shall first seek a solution by negotiations, enquiry, mediation, conciliation, arbitration, judicial settlement, resort to regional agencies or arrangements, or other peaceful means of the parties’ choice.
The determining question was "who could do what best".
The workshop will include an examination of the outreach strategies used by successful campaigners on behalf of issues other than desertification.
(b) After changes on 1 January 1984 and 1 January 1985
These new violations occurred on 18 May 1998, when four F-4 fighter aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the Nicosia flight information region at 1139 hours from a northeasterly direction and violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the Cape of Apostle Andreas and exiting the Nicosia flight information region at 1144 hours.
Another view was that specific publications should not be discussed in the Working Party; they should be taken up by the competent body.
Whatever the outcome of the armed conflict, it is to be hoped that, this time, mercenaries will not be brought in to fight on any side and that a peaceful, democratic solution will finally be found which is based on respect for life, mutual understanding among all groups, self-determination of peoples, non-intervention in the internal affairs of States, and peace.
The Office also plans to implement in 1998 monitoring mechanisms that ensure that fees paid are in conformity with market rates. Comments by the Board
24. Annex VII provides information by section of the programme budget on the relative weight, in terms of work-month utilization of activities falling under the major categories of International cooperation and Coordination, harmonization and liaison.
Since expected cash income for 1998 fell far short of the $314.0 million regular budget for the year, the Agency was obliged to carry forward all austerity measures previously implemented, including those announced in August 1997 and not rescinded.
15. Decides to keep under continuous review the process unfolding in New Caledonia as a result of the signing of the Nouméa Accord;
54. After the adoption of the draft decision, statements were made by the representatives of Canada, the United States of America and Pakistan and by the observer for Egypt.
This will be reflected in the 1999 State of the World’s Children report, which will specifically address education.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 11 5
See section C for additional information.
10. Measures to eliminate international terrorism (item 155).
23. The Advisory Committee recommends, in the context of the proposed programme budget for the coming biennium, that the Secretary-General submit to the General Assembly, through the Committee, his proposals to implement this recommendation.
At 1740 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at Jabal Safi, areas along the Tasah Spring and Mazra`at Umqata from their positions in the occupied villages.
B. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 16 June 1993 to 31 December 1997
The State party should urgently ensure that:
A working group was established to consider the Rules based on the final draft Rules of the Tribunal prepared by the Preparatory Commission for the International Seabed Authority and the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea which the Tribunal had decided to apply provisionally pending formal adoption of its Rules. This enabled the Tribunal to deal with cases which might come before it.
15. Another purchasing trip to South Africa in March 1996 involved purchases totalling $1.4 million.
The SBI, at its sixth session, recommended the holding of a high-level segment of the session from 8 to 10 December 1997 “to promote decision-making” and noted that it should be open to participation by ministers and other heads of delegation in all its meetings accompanied by senior advisers as necessary (FCCC/SBI/1997/16, para. 34 (g)).
II. The Economic and Social Council and non-governmental organizations 3 - 11
It is also concerned at the lack of sufficient training for professional groups working with or for children, such as judges, lawyers, magistrates, law enforcement personnel, army officials, teachers, school administrators, health personnel, social workers, officials of central or local administrations and personnel of child-care institutions.
As Solicitor-General in the Attorney-General's Department, I was one of the two Law Officers of the Republic of Sri Lanka and ranked next to the Attorney-General and the Second-in-Command in the Attorney-General's Department.
Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
The President shall also cause to be published in the Federal Register a list of all significant projects which have been publicly tendered in the oil and gas sector in the Islamic Republic.
The company is the contractor for the development of the automatic transport vehicle (ATV) for servicing the international space station and is studying, within the framework of a European economic interest group, the crew transport vehicle (CTV) for the European Space Agency (ESA).
(d) Human rights questions: comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Pro- gramme of Action
Type: Cluster bomb (Rockeye 1 and Rockeye 2)
The ad hoc working group also compared the proposed generic fair market value figures with the United Nations Standard Cost Manual and concluded that there were no significant differences.
I wish to assure you that the authorities of the Republic of Serbia make a clear distinction between terrorists and terrorism on the one hand, and the members of national minorities, on the other.
Recalling also Economic and Social Council decision 1998/275 of 30 July 1998, in which the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/83, approved the Commission’s appeal to the Council, the Secretary-General and the General Assembly,
(e) Convention on Biological Diversity (A/52/413, A/52/441)
While recognizing that no single model of cooperation will cover all eventualities, various possible modalities for co-operation were considered on the basis of the existing strengths and capabilities of the organizations. A/53/272
An expert described the national response to the phenomenon of designer drugs in the United States.
49. At the 47th meeting, on 31 July, the Vice-President of the Council, Anwarul Karim Chowdhury (Bangladesh), introduced a draft resolution (E/1998/L.46) entitled “Further measures for the restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields: modalities for elections”, submitted on the basis of informal consultations.
The Committee is deeply concerned that under the guidelines for the conduct of interrogation of suspected terrorists authority may be given to the security service to use “moderate physical pressure” to obtain information considered crucial to the “protection of life”.
8. It was agreed that in reporting on the issues discussed, the procedure would be to outline the substance of the debate in each matter and then record the conclusion.
The United Nations Development Programme will hold informal consultations on the Human Development Report 1998 on Monday, 15 December 1997, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. in Conference Room 6.
39. The internationally controlled solvents used in the illicit manufacture of heroin and cocaine are acetone, ethyl ether, methyl ethyl ketone and toluene.
10. The Committee shall serve as a liaison between the Conference of the Parties and the scientific community.
The staffing and other resources required from the core budget for implementation of the methodology subprogramme need to be reviewed on the basis of guidance from the SBSTA on the programme of work on methodologies it will consider at its sixth session (see FCCC/SB/1997/INF.2).
9. Urges the secretariat, in the implementation of technical cooperation activities, to make maximum use of capacities from developing countries, including local and regional expertise;
The General Assembly, in its resolutions 52/12 A of 12 November and B of 19 December 1997, entitled “Renewing the United Nations: a programme for reform”, and 52/220 and 52/221 of 22 December 1997, both on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999, endorsed those proposals.
142. In reviewing the procedures for sale of surplus equipment in UNPF, the Board was concerned that:
The Assembly concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (a) of agenda item 95.
The State party may wish to consider requesting further international assistance in this area.
81. The tolerance centre organized a first seminar on women and tolerance, on 10 and 11 April 1998, in Belgrade. About 20 women from the various regions of Yugoslavia participated.
There was no clear segregation of certifying and approving functions in the Mission, expenditures were incurred in excess of allotments and an unreconciled discrepancy of almost $625,000 existed between the amounts advanced to, and accounted as received by, the Provisional Electoral Council.
The Committee understands that primary responsibility has been shifted to the field offices, which are now required to establish annual audit plans, including the timing of the receipt of audit reports and a review of their quality.
Some 9 persons were killed and 31 wounded.
In order to satisfy that requirement, the vendor must demonstrate its authority to operate the type of aircraft, by having that type of aircraft listed on its Air Operator’s Certificate, at the time that it lodges its bid.
Item 10. Elimination of racism and racial discrimination
Furthermore, as a trusted interlocutor between the United Nations system and NGOs, and to facilitate direct communication, interaction and dialogue, the Service organizes, or helps to organize, from time to time, consultations between United Nations agencies and NGOs on specific sectoral issues.
165. Divergent views were expressed regarding the duration of the session of the Special Committee.
(i) Developing guidelines on the processes for consideration of national communications;
Between 0930 and 0940 hours an Israeli helicopter overflew areas along the Litani River and Sujud hill at high altitude.
35. UNFPA monitors the operating fund advances but only requests representatives to follow up with the Government where there are both large outstanding balances and missing disbursement reports.
PDP provides project grants to organizations of indigenous people.
At 1030 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew Iqlim al-Tuffah and the area to the east of Sidon.
CGAP has also collaborated on World Bank projects in several countries to leverage the Bank’s ability to create enabling policy environments.
65. The representative noted that equality was guaranteed in the social security system, including with respect to pensions, health insurance, State-provided social benefits and social care.
As indicated in paragraph 17 of the report of the Secretary-General of 9 April 1998 (A/52/869), this appropriation is in addition to the amount of $15,091,000 gross ($14,478,400 net) already appropriated and assessed under Assembly resolution 51/15 B of 13 June 1997, inclusive of the amount of $561,000 for the support account for peacekeeping operations.
Also convinced of the need to proceed expeditiously with the elaboration of a convention against transnational organized crime,
Graduate, Prizewinner, Faculty of Political Science, Ankara University.
(f) All staff members are asked to indicate at least one professional development goal to be achieved during the reporting period;
For purposes of clarity, it was suggested that those "institutional investors" should be dealt with separately from other sources of subordinated loans.
If the shell and service equipment are so constructed as to withstand impact or overturning it need not be protected in this way.
At its substantive session of 1996, the Committee endorsed the idea of the Secretariat to make the active dialogue a permanent coordination feature, and directed that such action should be taken at Headquarters, as well as at the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office at Vienna.
Curricula for training at pre-university and university levels, as well as in-service and further training, will be designed and tested by 1999.
B. Reports on requests made or received by parties pursuant to article 5, paragraph 4, and articles 6 and 7 of the 1988 Convention 15-19 5
287. While taking note of article 61 of the Provisions Relating to the Judiciary and Criminal Law and Procedure Applicable in Cambodia during the Transitional Period, concern is expressed over the lack of legal provisions required in order to implement fully the State party's obligations under article 4 of the Convention, in particular article 4 (b) and (c).
11. Trends in investment rates are similar to those in domestic savings (see fig.
This programme is being formulated on the basis of the results of the needs assessments and will be implemented in close cooperation with regional organizations (e.g. ARSO, ITC, ISO) and donor agencies/ countries.
Seventy villages suffered 50 per cent destruction, while others were severely damaged, including some of the villages affected by the February earthquake.
Finland's regular electricity import peaked in 1990 at 17 per cent of consumption.
g Includes assessed contributions unpaid irrespective of collectability.
67. The Government of Spain hosted the Workshop for Indigenous Journalists, held in Madrid in January 1998.
Verbal intimidation is allegedly also coupled with physical violence inflicted by sticks, whips, electric cables or iron bars, involving blows to the body and particularly to the feet and hands.
Between mid 1997 and mid 1998, UNICEF assisted in the rehabilitation and construction of 100 water sources in the Sool, Middle Shabelle, and north-east regions.
II. Consultations between representatives of the United Nations and the Organization of the Islamic Conference and representation at meetings
209. WWF and Bird Life International stated that they had been encouraged by the initiative of the FAO Committee on Fisheries to hold an expert consultation in late October 1998 on the subject of seabird mortality with a view to developing a plan of action on that issue.
(h) Possibly meet in New York with the following programme of work:
72. In Latin America, the indigenous peoples are the most discriminated against and are thus the poorest sector of the population.
The association of coffee producers drew up its first five-year diversification plan in 1960, funneling resources from the coffee sector into the development of other products.
(a) Intensified international cooperation;
V. Observations regarding the current human rights situation
Some action could be undertaken multilaterally to facilitate the movement of persons belonging to groups of occupations which are covered by GATS commitments.
The Chairman noted that Parties' positions had become clearer, and that considerable streamlining and some negotiation had taken place.
The murder of the boy highlighted the urgent need for action both nationally and on a international scale to combat highly organized child pornography rings and access to paedophile material on the Internet.1
4.2.1.13.9 For insulated portable tanks the capacity and setting of emergency-relief device(s) shall be determined assuming a loss of insulation from 1% of the surface area.
Right to defence and to be assisted by a lawyer
In view of the fact that the developing countries are already suffering from the deterioration in the terms of trade, a fall in exchange rates cannot but be disastrous for their economies.
77. The construction of the second courtroom, which became operational on 29 August 1997, has made it possible for the two trial chambers to operate simultaneously and for the proceedings before the Tribunal to be speeded up.
Developing country firms that do not have a management system in place may have significant difficulties in implementing relatively sophisticated management systems.
47. Working group II was composed of Charlotte Abaka, Ayse Feride Acar, Emma Aouij, Silvia Cartwright, Ivanka Corti, Aurora Javate de Dios, Yolanda Ferrer Gómez, Aída González-Martínez, Ahoua Ouedraogo, Anne Lise Ryel and Lin Shangzhen.
Such countries have been unable to diversify their economies to any significant extent over the past two decades and thus continue to experience very high commodity dependence.
The existence of trade preferences contributed to restraining the extent of participation by developing countries in multilateral trade negotiating rounds such as the Tokyo Round and the Uruguay Round.
44. The remaining caseload of Ethiopian refugees in Kenya, estimated at 5,000 refugees, will be repatriated during the latter part of 1998.
The Board will examine the new guidelines when they are available to see how well they address these issues.
Seventh session 28 July - 7 August 1997 Bonn
Upon inquiry, the Advisory Committee was informed that, at the time of the Committee’s hearing (13 October 1998), there were only five missions related to Kosovo owing to the security situation.
The Palestinian Police tried to quell the riots near Rachel’s Tomb and in Hebron.
Moreover, as indicated in the budget report (ibid., annex II.C, para. 57), the increase in requirements under uniform items, flags and decals from $372,000 in the prior period to $569,500 in the proposed budget includes safety measures and upgrades in body armour for military and civilian personnel.
(d) Joint implementation projects shall be assessed on a project basis;
6. Three working groups held in-depth discussions on specific topics.
The Working Group periodically reminds Governments of these obligations and draws the attention of non-governmental organizations to the general and specific aspects of the Declaration.
The Commission had probed complaints from religious minorities “notably the Baha’is”.
Sheathing, thermal insulation and the like shall be removed only to the extent required for reliable appraisal of the condition of the portable tank.
11. Reaffirms regulation 4.1 of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, and reiterates that resources should be utilized strictly for the purposes approved by the General Assembly;
3. During the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, at the 60th meeting of the Fifth Committee, the Chairman of the Advisory Committee informed the Fifth Committee that the Advisory Committee had not yet considered the Secretary-General’s report on the subject and that it was essential for the Advisory Committee’s views to be sought for any amendment to the Financial Regulations of the United Nations.
4. Expert Meeting on Positive Measures to Promote Sustainable Development, Particularly in Meeting the Objective of MEAs.
In project design, the possible use of solar energy and applications of informatics have been taken into consideration.
The issue needed to be addressed to ensure predictable and secure sources of funding so that the mandated activities would not be affected in the future.
(b) Review of General Assembly resolution S-17/2, adopted by the Assembly at its seventeenth special session, in particular progress made in implementing the Global Programme of Action annexed thereto.
Subsequently, the representative of Egypt informed the Com-mittee that his delegation intended to vote against the oral amendment to the draft resolution.
7. Comprehensive national plans of action to empower parents in the media market. Governments should initiate a national discussion on means to promote positive alternatives to the negative tendencies in the media market, to encourage media knowledge and support parents in their role as guides to their children in relation to electronic and other media.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/342 and Corr. 1 and Add. 1);
It is couched in terms too vague even for a general principle.
(a) The financial statements of UNEP for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 conform to the United Nations System Accounting Standards, except that they do not disclose the value of non-expendable property acquired by cooperating agencies and supporting organizations out of the funds provided by UNEP;
The registration of presidential candidates will begin on 10 November and end on 30 November 1998, that is, 40 days before election day.
A similar document will be prepared for the thirty-eighth session of the Committee, to be held at Accra in 1999.
The Board will review the new procedures for the allocation of general resources in future audits.
30. At its 29th meeting, on 12 November, the Committee took action on draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.22 as follows:
The Global Parliamentarians on Habitat participated in the preparatory process of Habitat II and emphasized the public policy and legislative aspects of human settlements development.
61. For the reasons cited above (paras. 32–34), the chairpersons reiterated their request that necessary steps be taken to enable the four human rights treaty bodies meeting only at Geneva to hold occasional sessions in New York, and for the Committee on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women to hold sessions at Geneva.
Therefore, the Secretariat should take the steps necessary to fully integrate such policies and activities in its work and undertake the coordination role required in that regard.
27. The rehabilitation of areas affected by the presence of refugees is necessary to mitigate the social and environmental impact of refugees on the communities that host them, and to help redress the perceived disparities in the levels of international assistance provided to refugees as compared to the local population.
UNDP will use this material to prepare a Programme Advisory Note to assist programme staff in developing viable coastal management projects.
Consultations, insofar as possible, should be continued among Member States and with the regional groups in order to find a solution on the matter.
The utilization of 10 mini M terminals and 1 A terminal.
UNDCP has initiated action to start the implementation of the project.
The General Assembly decided in its resolution 47/236 of 14 September 1993 that beginning 16 June 1993 the costs of UNFICYP should be treated as expenses of the Organization to be borne by all Member States.
10. In this sense, seeking insurance coverage does not follow the typical pattern for the procurement of goods or services.
The review carried out by the Council indicates a growing involvement on the part of agencies and programmes in activities relevant to human rights (see also para. 25 below).
On 2 August 1998, the coalition troops of Rwanda and Uganda embarked upon an invasion of the Democratic Republic of the Congo.
(a) General assumptions used in preparing the above estimates:
326. The Committee recommends that further measures be taken with a view to ensuring the physical and psychological recovery and rehabilitation of the child victims of abuse, neglect, ill-treatment, violence or exploitation, in accordance with article 39 of the Convention.
No expenditure was incurred against the apportionment of $228,800 owing to the non-requirement for the rental of earth-moving equipment.
6.6.3.4.6 When mild steel is used (see 6.6.3.1), calculation using the equation in 6.6.3.4.4 is not required.
8. Implementation of General Assembly resolutions 50/227 and 52/12 B.
The most horrifying and pressing aspect of this outrageous behaviour is that all these monstrous acts are being committed without any relevant international presence in Eritrea.
10. The Commission decides to consider at its second session the contribution that infrastructure services can make to the informal sector and the development of micro-enterprises.
“High” for energy and industrial processes estimates has an error range of less than 10 per cent.
Analytical studies and reports on the reservations to treaties; succession of States and impact on nationality; diplomatic protection; and unilateral acts of States;
Not only has the Republic of Albania not fulfilled its obligations under relevant Security Council resolutions, but, by providing shelter to terrorists and facilities for their recruitment, training and infiltration in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia it has gone a long way in the opposite direction.
Programme budget implications of draft resolution A/52/ L.72/Rev.1: United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/C.5/52/36)
An effective struggle in favour of the right to education and against extreme poverty will make a substantial contribution to the creation of a system of "equal opportunities".
A/53/611 Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Joint Inspection Unit on the United Nations University (A/53/392)
The Conference was convened by the Bethlehem 2000 Project, in association with the European Commission, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) and the World Bank.
We must acknowledge with pride the enormous strides that have been taken in seven short years to create a free and independent Kazakhstan.
F. On-line development centre (Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat)
However, these methods are difficult to perform and tests must be conducted carefully.
He hoped that, for the next session of the Commission, an outline of the distribution of labour among these organisations in the field of enterprise development could be developed.
A 10-year-old child, Hasan Fayyad Harb (mother's name Layla), was hit in the back by a piece of shrapnel and was taken to Hammud Hospital in Sidon.
Due attention should be given to the issues of any negative impacts on staff and to the need to respect the international character of United Nations system organizations.
Notably, shrimp are produced primarily for export, and as much as 90 per cent of production is exported.
At 2300 hours the minion Lahad's militia fired illumination flares over the Litani River.
According to the lawyer representing the tribe, 32 families had been ordered to leave their area of residence without being served with eviction orders or any written documents.
C. Interaction with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
143. Questions relating to witnesses and victims comprise a major area of cooperation, even if the circumstances differ in several ways from one context to the other.
8. Expresses its deep concern about the time and cost overruns for the completion of the project;
(h) Programme of work of the Committee on Science and Technology
The financial period is a biennium and consists of two consecutive calendar years.
(j) Translation of currencies. The accounts of UNEP are presented in United States dollars.
The representative of the Russian Federation, on behalf of the sponsors listed in the document, as well as Japan and Turkmenistan, introduced the draft resolution.
12. The overall average vacancy rate for international staff was 7.8 per cent.
However, the Committee draws attention to article 4 of the Covenant, which permits no derogation from certain basic rights even in times of public emergency.
The Director-General shall be subject to the Staff Regulations of the Organization, together with such amendments as may be made thereto, in so far as they are applicable to him.
35. Though welcoming the establishment of the Higher Council for Childhood, the Committee recommends a review of the various central and local administrative structures in order to ensure the effective coordination of policies and programmes on matters of child rights and child welfare.
Also at the 2nd meeting, Mr. Ian Pickard (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland), Chairman of the Annex I Expert Group to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, made a statement with regard to the work of that group.
Follow-up to the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II)
The events of the past year lead me, once again, to draw to your attention the value of preventive action before tensions are transformed into armed conflicts.
Women who have terminated a pregnancy through abortion are in critical need of family planning services.
Between 0315 and 0415 hours an Israeli gunboat at sea off Rashidiyah camp fired several bursts in all directions.
Visits to be undertaken by Headquarters aviation staff to field missions would include one aviation specialist and one safety specialist.
La condition des étrangers au Sénégal. Revue internationale de droit et de coopération.
The costs arising from the operation of the Base during the period from 24 November 1994 to 3 December 1997 were as follows:
45. Field evaluations of the potential and actual humanitarian impact of sanctions have been undertaken upon the request of the Security Council, as in the case of the Sudan and most recently in Sierra Leone, where an inter-agency team assessed the humanitarian effect of the imposition of United Nations sanctions and the ECOWAS embargo.
There has been a growth in the recognition of the importance of empowering all people by increasing their access to all the factors of production, including credit.
23. The field assets control system uses the Organization’s existing global mission communications, data storage and transmission infrastructure and is designed to interface with the Reality procurement support system and with the Integrated Management Information System.
III. Reform of the United Nations humanitarian sector
870. The Committee notes with appreciation that education is free at all levels and that attendance is nearly universal.
4. Stresses the need for full implementation of Security Council resolution 904 (1994) of 18 March 1994, in which, among other things, the Council called upon Israel, the occupying Power, to continue to take and implement measures, including, inter alia, confiscation of arms, with the aim of preventing illegal acts of violence by Israeli settlers, and called for measures to be taken to guarantee the safety and protection of the Palestinian civilians in the occupied territory;
As a subsidiary of Alcatel, Alcatel Espace occupies an important place in the field of satellite telecommunications systems and telecommunications payloads.
I have in mind the very important upcoming special session on the world drug problem as well as the United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court.
29. At the twelfth session of the Working Group, a technical note by the secretariat was submitted as document E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.4/1994/11 and comments received from Governments and indigenous organizations were contained in addenda to the document.
Access to public sector health services was restricted by a public health infrastructure that was still developing, and refugees were for the most part unable to afford the high cost of private care.
25. Invites Member States, space agencies and space-related international and national organizations to support the preparations for UNISPACE III by providing the executive secretariat with junior or senior experts, by co-sponsoring activities related to UNISPACE III and by providing other voluntary contributions;
6. The President held informal consultations on draft rule 42, paragraph 1, with some ministers during the high-level segment of the UNEP Governing Council in February 1997, Nairobi, Kenya.
International Alliance of the Indigenous Tribal Peoples of the Tropical Forests
In the context of its highly open economy, Chile adopted a combination of financial and quantitative controls on external flows.
The Committee also remains convinced that reservations to article 16, whether lodged for national, traditional, religious or cultural reasons, are incompatible with the Convention and therefore impermissible and should be reviewed and modified or withdrawn.
Shell means the part of the portable tank which retains the refrigerated liquefied gas intended for transport, including openings and their closures, but does not include service equipment or external structural equipment;
The Committee also notes with dissatisfaction that there are no detailed statistics available on teenage pregnancy.
2.0.4.1 When the hazard class of a substance is uncertain and it is being transported for further testing, a tentative hazard class, proper shipping name and identification number shall be assigned on the basis of the consignor's knowledge of the substance and application of:
The Committee considers the existence of an active civil society, in which a wide range of views and attitudes on gender equality find expression, to be highly beneficial for the promotion of equality between women and men.
8. Before taking action on the D’Amato Act the Government of the United States of America had already taken several measures against the Islamic Republic of Iran, among which are the following:
– Relations among the Balkan States must be normalized;
United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), Geneva
446. As water depth increases, the precision of data for detailed seabed mapping obtained through surface-operated survey systems becomes insufficient.
Exceptions were made for a few hundred medical personnel, lawyers and humanitarian cases. (Ha’aretz, Jerusalem Post, 28 April; Ha’aretz, 29 April)
The secretariat presented document FCCC/AG13/1997/MISC.2 containing submissions from two Parties.
The two institutions worked together in the preparation of the 11th meeting of the Conference of African Ministers of Transport and Communications (Cairo, 25-27 November 1997), coupled with a forum on transport and communications development in Africa.
In fact, OIOS resident audits of the UNTAES liquidation showed that the mission had adopted most of the OIOS recommendations in carrying out its auction of surplus equipment and supplies.
Never before in the history of the Institute have almost no contributions been received from member States in a given year.
We have the honour to transmit herewith the text of the Ukrainian-Turkish joint communiqué, signed on 21 May 1998 in Kiev, by Mr. Süleyman Demirel, President of the Republic of Turkey, and Mr. Leonid Kuchma, President of Ukraine, during the official visit of President Demirel to Ukraine.
The Committee held 6 meetings (1st to 6th) and a number of informal meetings.
Consideration of all draft resolutions submitted under all agenda items (items 62-82) (A/C.1/52/INF/1)
Excerpts from reports of the Secretary-General and the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
The recruitment of teachers on a special contract basis at lower salaries, to fill vacancies created by the departure of regular staff, was also used increasingly as a cost-saving measure.
3. The Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 20 of the report (A/53/347) that it is anticipated that all remaining accounts, particularly those relating to the new telecommunications system, will be finalized within the 1998–1999 biennium .
In the absence of a consensus on this issue and in accordance with the applicable procedures, the Chairman proceeded with a roll-call vote.
The Committee continued its general discussion of the sub-items.
Third, while environmental assessments and analyses are routinely required in developed countries, firms in developing countries may have to incur significant expenses in identifying environmental aspects and impacts.The identification of environmental aspects and impacts is a key element in the development and implementation of an EMS.
Believing also that an important objective of conventional arms control in regions of tension should be to prevent the possibility of military attack launched by surprise and to avoid aggression,
Alteration in composition of regional economic integration organizations
In each case it was determined in the light of the facts known at the time that: (a) the responsibility for the loss could not be fixed and attached to any official of the United Nations, (b) every effort had been made to collect the amounts due, and (c) further collection efforts would be fruitless.
They declare that a lasting solution to the Kosovo problem can be based only on the full protection of the rights of Albanians, Serbs and all others living in Kosovo in accordance with the Charter of the United Nations, the Helsinki principles and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE) standards.
Urban growth in developing countries is proceeding at an unprecedented rate.
In the action plan, Member States also called upon the Office for Drug Control and Crime Prevention of the Secretariat to continue to work, within the framework of its global programme against money-laundering, providing training, advice and technical assistance.
1. Stresses the importance and necessity of further improving evaluation and integrating it into the cycle of programme planning, budgeting and monitoring with a view to improving and strengthening programme formulation and implementation;
TP20 - This substance shall only be transported in insulated tanks under a nitrogen blanket.
The programme of work shall be subject to approval by the Conference of the Parties.
CCD quarterly newsletter in English and French (USD 12,000);
Moreover, the number of countries in which there was discretionary pricing of export crops by governments declined from 25 (out of 28) before the reforms to 11 in the 1990s, with marketing board prices liberalized in varying degrees or closely linked to world prices.
(a) Appointment of members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions;
Noting with satisfaction that the realization of the programme of action dedicated to the centennial of the first International Peace Conference, A/C.6/52/3, annex. presented by the Netherlands and the Russian Federation,2 is consistent with the goals of the United Nations Decade of International Law,
The mission did not have an explicit human rights mandate.
The representative of Canada introduced and orally revised the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed as well as Iceland, Japan and Norway.
(e) Increase in information, advice, education, training, and awareness regarding the use of renewable energies;
Designation as Rapporteur of the impartial Commission of Experts.
UNIIMOG United Nations Iran-Iraq Military Observer Group
Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
In the light of the general principles of the Convention, in particular the best interests of the child, the Committee also emphasizes the need to take immediate steps to tackle the problem of child poverty and to make all possible efforts to ensure that all families have adequate resources and facilities.
(a) Cooperation among States on questions relating to persons belonging to minorities, in accordance with the Declaration, including, inter alia, exchanging information and experiences in order to promote mutual understanding and confidence (arts. 6 and 7);
This includes a need that countries be aware of the whole range of issues involved, in order to be in the best possible position to define their own interest situations.
(a) Guidelines for international arms transfers in the context of General Assembly resolution 46/36 H of 6 December 1991 (A/51/42, annex I), adopted in 1996;.
None of those students were inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories.
3. The majority of Djiboutians are from the Afar and Somali ethnic tribes; the other groups are Yemeni Arabs and French.
It was suggested that the definition of relevant markets should take into account the emergence of regional markets such as those in Europe and Latin America.
Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
B. Regional/international cooperation and transparency
Disabled children were significantly more likely to suffer sexual abuse than able-bodied children, precisely because adults could act with impunity.
For the consultant who will need to travel to perform his or her assignment, an amount equivalent to the applicable daily subsistence allowance established by the United Nations would be added.
OF THE COMMISSION ACTING AS PREPARATORY BODY FOR THE SPECIAL SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY ON INTERNATIONAL DRUG CONTROL
63. The expenditure of $436,300 represents the prorated share of UNIFIL of the cost of maintaining the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, based on paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 52/1 of 15 October 1997.
15. The following activities to be implemented during the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination (1993–2003), as set out in the revised Programme of Action approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 49/146, were not carried out because of low levels of contribution to the Trust Fund.
We hope that, under the circumstances, all parties interested in a peaceful settlement of the dispute would counsel the Greek Cypriot side to give up its policy of tension in the island and cease forthwith the ongoing military build-up in South Cyprus.
69. The University’s biotechnology programme addresses pressing human, animal and plant health problems.
317. The representative pointed to the creation of several mechanisms to ensure implementation of the legal and normative framework for women.
According to reports, the woman had been arrested while on her way from Bethlehem to Bir Zeit University for a commemoration ceremony marking the second anniversary of the assassination in Malta of Islamic Jihad leader Fathi Shkaki.
In general, awareness of ISO 14000 standards in Africa is very low.
To strengthen the media response capacity of the Department, in order to respond adequately to media comment on the work of the Organization, I intend to establish an interdivisional task force that will be responsible for analysing media reports and for providing advice on appropriate responses.
4.2 The State party notes that the relevant sources of legal protection against ethnic discrimination in Sweden are the Instrument of Government, the Act of Public Employment and the Act against Ethnic Discrimination.
The Secretary-General on 5 June 1998 circulated document T.S.N. 1. 1998, informing all Member States of said suspension of innocent passage by Mexico.
(b) Improvement of the links between scientific and technical activities and United Nations operations in development, capacity-building and humanitarian assistance at all levels (global, regional, national and local);
The continued enhancement of transport infrastructure has as a result promoted trade activity between land-locked and transit developing countries.
It has been rightly pointed out that corruption cannot thrive in a pluralistic and democratic society.
Appropriate reporting schedules and common indicators of progress will ensure that programme activities are monitored to provide the basis for programme analysis and revision.
This would make any staff member eligible to apply for any vacancy, regardless of the series of the Staff Rules under which he or she was appointed, regardless of the functions and length of prior service of the staff member (thus removing all restrictions contained in paragraph 27 of section III.B of resolution 51/226, as amended and clarified by resolution 52/219), and regardless of the requirements relating to competitive examinations, gender equality or equitable geographical distribution.
(e) Nationalities that are not normally allowed to visit France;
Lack of enforcement and failure to implement existing legislation at all levels, from law enforcement agencies to the judiciary, need to be addressed.
7. It is a basic principle of international law and practice that no one shall be subject to arbitrary arrest or imprisonment.
The overall repayment rate was 98 per cent.
126. Resident coordinator questionnaire respondents described United Nations work for planning recovery, landmines clearance, resettlement and reintegration of populations, preparations for elections, strengthening of judiciary and police, revamping of administrative structures, conducting workshops on reconciliation, mobilizing inter-agency area-based development programmes etc.
34. The system adopted by over 120 nations in the framework of WTO promotes the holding of extensive, comprehensive negotiations as the best tool for attaining wider trade liberalization that will bring benefits to all members.
2. Macroeconomic policy questions (item 91):
(c) Promote the use of existing bilateral and multilateral financial mechanisms and arrangements that mobilize and channel substantial financial resources to affected developing country Parties in combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought.
240. The Greenpeace Principles advocated “low-impact fisheries”, with the objective of shifting fisheries management from maximizing short-term profits to minimizing environmental impacts, especially the risk of irreversible harm to fish stocks, marine wildlife and marine ecosystems.
6. Strengthening of the information dissemination capabilities of the secretariat, including the Secretariat World Wide Web site, an interactive CD-Rom and printed material ($74,600);
Item 142: Financing of the Military Observer Group of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala;
The national communication followed recommendations for reporting on expected impacts of climate change contained in the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee guidelines.
Accordingly, Israel abstained on resolution 52/60 and voted against resolutions 52/57, 52/59, 52/61, 52/62 and 52/63.
It also assisted in the convening of the First Meeting of Chief Information Officers of Caribbean Countries, organized by CARICOM and held in Guyana, 18–19 November 1996.
As of early June 1998, there were 27 arrangements in place with OAU member countries for a total commitment of 3.14 billion special drawing rights; the undrawn balance totalled 1.54 billion special drawing rights. Through its catalytic role, the Fund also assisted African countries in mobilizing additional resources from bilateral and multilateral donors.
This is in agreement with WHO Executive Board resolution (EB 102.R2) which recommends that the present functions and independent scientific role of the Committee, including the present reporting arrangements, should be maintained.
5. Urges the Commission on Human Rights to take fully into account the negative impact of unilateral coercive measures, including enactment of national laws and their extraterritorial application, in its task concerning the implementation of the right to development;
The Asian-Pacific Resource and Research Centre organized a regional workshop on women and health in Dhaka in November 1997 and, also in Dhaka, the Centre on Integrated Rural Development for Asia and the Pacific held a regional workshop entitled “Towards Gender Equity: Poverty, Rights and Participation” whose objective was to advocate compliance with the Beijing Platform for Action.
The findings of intergovernmental review of evaluations shall be reflected in subsequent programme design, delivery and policy directives.
215. The representative stated that a women’s development fund had been established in 1994, in order to mobilize resources, provide loans, act as a guarantee fund, create employment and income generation and offer business advisory services for women.
January 1990. Member of the Permanent Committee for the purpose of implementing the above scheme.
It should be recalled, however, that the accounts of UNHCR implementing partners are accessible for examination by UNHCR external and internal auditors at all times.
8. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization: report of the Sixth Committee (A/52/652) [151].
As the final step in this reform, ECE has initiated evaluation procedures that will include indicators of quality and efficiency.
(a) First and foremost, indigenous lands and territories must be declared nuclear—free zones, in matters not only of the testing of nuclear devices and processes, but in mining and nuclear milling and processing and all other nuclear activity.
They started in a certain sector or with certain niche products, attracting customers among larger enterprises, both domestic and abroad, and then branched out from their original sectoral or product base.
Although UNHCR is present in Rakhine state and in Cox’s Bazar (Bangladesh), the Special Rapporteur hopes that UNHCR will soon finalize an agreement with the Government of Thailand regarding a presence on the Thai/Myanmar border.
In order to support the increased level of responsibilities assumed by the Special Representative/Head of Mission, it is proposed to upgrade the post of Public Information Officer from P-3 to the P-4 level to incorporate the duties of Special Assistant.
45. At its 53rd meeting, on 23 November, the Committee had before it a revised draft resolution entitled “Right to development” (A/C.3/53/L.58/Rev.1), submitted by the sponsors of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.58.
2 The analysis of the five Asian and five Latin American countries in the present section is based on available data published by J. P. Morgan Bank in World Financial Markets, as reproduced in table 2 below.
69. With regard to staff policies, the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) has adopted measures to recruit personnel in accordance with established procedures and transparent processes to ensure that it is served by persons having the required qualifications, experience and expertise.
Technical Development, development; case studies of Latin America
The Committee recommends that of the 49 local posts being requested, 11 posts providing core support functions be established as regular local posts and 38 additional service personnel continue as short-term contractual personnel, with a consequential reduction of $887,600 in the proposed appropriation (see para. 22 below).
The theme of the meeting was “Cooperation for conflict prevention”.
41. The Forum further agreed that members, through the Forum Secretariat, should pursue in the relevant international agencies a strong regime of prior notification to, and consultation with, coastal States on planned shipments of hazardous wastes, and the development of a regime for the preparation of environmental impact statements and emergency response plans. Whale sanctuary
Anti-satellite weapons and related satellite and defence
18. The Regional Bureau for Latin American and the Caribbean of UNDP has supported research and analysis of the potential and challenges of using pension funds to finance development in Latin America.
A time-frame of six months can be foreseen, with about half that time required for initial development activities.
One P-3 post (regular budget) under 1997-1998 should be deleted.
For the past several bienniums, activities have been limited on account of the amount of resources provided (about $1.3 million in the biennium 1996-1997).
The Meeting of the Parties may establish such further subsidiary bodies as may be deemed necessary for the implementation of this Protocol.
Based on the foregoing, the Panel cannot recommend that compensation be awarded with respect to the payments made by the Claimant in this case.
3. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that all resolutions and decisions, and their annexes, if any, adopted by the principal organs of the United Nations should be posted on the optical disk system expeditiously;
The representatives of Germany and Greece informed the Committee that had they been present during the vote, their delegations would have been amongst those delegations abstaining.
The Special Representative raised his concerns with co-Minister of the Interior Sar Kheng in early June 1998.
Report of the Secretary-General to the Security Council: “The causes of conflict and promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa”, released in English and French in April
(f) Automotive sector, transport equipment and electronics.
3. The President, in the exercise of the functions of that office, remains under the authority of the Conference of the Parties.
(f) projected costs of operation of the Global Mechanism, the extent to which the institution would absorb them and the nature of charges to the Conference of the Parties for costs not absorbed.
Occasionally, some apparent duplication might be perceived in the work of United Nations forums because the entirety of the work of the United Nations was interrelated.
ANNOUNCEMENTS The main Delegates’ Dining-room and private dining rooms will be closed from 23 to 28 November 1997, due to renovations.
Recalling its resolution 52/75 of 10 December 1997,
The fact that actual outputs during 1996-1997 would in general be lower than originally foreseen was reflected in 1997 in the statistical information included in section 27E of the proposed programme budget for 1998-1999.
57. Among the various aspects of performance management covered by the PAS, the linguistic performance and continued development of linguistic skills of United Nations staff members are considered critical.
167. As a result of its deliberations, the Special Committee recommended to the General Assembly that its future sessions should be scheduled, to the extent possible, later in the first half of any given year.
Any disagreement concerning such corrections shall be decided by the presiding officer of the body to which the record relates, after consulting, where necessary, the sound recordings of the proceedings.
The embargo and sanctions imposed against Cuba by the United States over the past 30 years have not only immensely hampered social and economic development in Cuba and inflicted tremendous impairment on the welfare and health of the Cuban people, particularly women and children but have also had negative impacts on the normal economic and trade exchanges between Cuba and many countries, seriously jeopardizing their legitimate right and interests.
All the victims belonged to two families.
An up-to-date regulatory framework was indispensable to derive the maximum benefit from technological and economic changes.
1257. Finally, the Committee recommends that, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the initial report and written replies presented by the State party be made widely available to the public at large and that the publication of the report be considered, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.
Enrolment remained stable, increasing by just 71 pupils (0.1 per cent) over the previous school year, owing to lower population growth, stricter control over admission, and drop-outs.
A total programme budget of $21,507,300 for the biennium 1998-1999, for the purposes listed in table 1 below (not including contingency itemsA post-Kyoto intergovernmental process and conference servicing.
It is also concerned about the general health situation of women, particularly in view of the spread of tuberculosis and other contagious diseases.
This proposal was sent out in a note verbale dated 4 June 1997.
202. UNCTAD – Other commodity conferences and commodity meetings [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]
Finally, to improve the information, follow-up and evaluation systems relating to public investment policy, all social funds should be included in the Integrated Financial Administration and Monitoring System.
16. In section II of its resolution 44/226, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to consider ways and means of ensuring more effective involvement of non-governmental organizations in promoting the dissemination and utilization of the Consolidated List.
2. United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)
(ii) Insurance Claims and Compensation Section
(a) Endorsement of the International Undertaking on Plant Genetic Resources;
Since then, 20/20 studies have been completed in three African countries (Niger, Namibia, and South Africa) and are near completion in eight additional countries (Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Kenya, Malawi, Mali, United Republic of Tanzania and Zambia).
Considering the grave developments in Kosovo and Metohija since the adoption of its concluding observations on 30 March 1998 concerning the report submitted by the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia,
41. Following UNTAES, a new mission, the United Nations Police Support Group (UNPSG), has begun its operations.
At 1745 hours Israeli forces and the South Lebanon Army fired several 155-mm shells and 81-mm mortar shells and several bursts of medium-weapons fire in the direction of the outlying areas of Haddatha, Bra'shit and Jabal al Za'tar (outlying areas of Tibnin) from their positions in Mays al-Jabal and on Bil'uwayn hill.
This procedure was established by the 1996 Genocide Law, and allows eligible accused persons to confess and plead guilty in exchange for a reduced sentence.
GC.7/Dec.8 ELECTION OF TWENTY-SEVEN MEMBERS TO THE INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT BOARD
The Committee would be composed of 10 experts (14 experts after the entry into force of the Convention for 41 States parties), acting in their personal capacity, who would be nominated and elected by the States parties to the Convention for a term of four years.
∙ Accreditation, liaison and services to correspondents, film and television crews and photographers (room S-0250, ext. 36934; fax 34642);
(e) Human resources development: UNCTAD is encouraged to pursue and develop its activities in enhancing the know-how of decision-makers and trade practitioners of developing countries and economies in transition in the areas of electronic commerce and the use of information technologies for the purpose of business facilitation and trade efficiency, in particular the Internet.
9. Measures to eliminate international terrorism: report of the Sixth Committee (A/52/653) [152].
GSS, the report stated, organized courses and seminars for its employees, especially interrogators, with a view to teaching them the principles of basic rights and human dignity.
Construction of the network was completed in the eastern section of the camp in December 1997, and in the northern and southern sections in May 1998.
on 31 August 1998 by President Rauf R. Denktaş
FIGHT AGAINST THE ILLICIT PRODUCTION, SALE, DEMAND, TRAFFIC AND DISTRIBUTION
191. ICAO expressed its concern that the text as drafted could compromise the safety of international air navigation by permitting the designation of air routes independent of ICAO-approved air routes and by granting IMO jurisdiction over all normal passage routes used for international navigation as well as for overflight.
Police stated that one of the suspects had admitted to preparing the bombs, claiming he was suspected of collaborating with the Israeli authorities and had planned to use the bombs for self-defence.
The report of the Secretary-General on regional cooperation addresses the review of the regional commissions (see E/1998/65).
Owing to unavoidable delays in implementation, the projected completion date was extended to March 1999, when the project would be transferred to a local coordinating committee.
15. Proposed form of institutionalization:
126. The United States indicated that, as a sponsor of resolution 52/29 and a Contracting Party to the 1993 Compliance Agreement and the 1995 Fish Stocks Agreement, it had fully supported compliance with conservation and management measures established by regional fisheries organizations and arrangements.
It had before it the reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/579 and A/53/347) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/53/7/Add.5).
On the other hand, in two other cases in the United States, where international cartels for lysine (an animal feed) and citric acid were successfully prosecuted, the Justice Department discovered evidence of price-fixing and market allocation relevant to other countries, but because of legal constraints, it could not share it with countries which were not parties to anti—trust cooperation agreements with the United States.
A campaign to promote positive images of women should also be organized, involving the mass media.
This development has inspired new and innovative concepts, principles and ideas and resulted in facilitative and enabling mechanisms and procedures in areas such as implementation and compliance and dispute avoidance and settlement, among others.
48. The consequences of untreated cumulative and critical incident stress inevitably have an impact on a staff member’s performance.
II. The General Assembly and its Main Committees
“Limited quantities of dangerous goods for personal or household use, that are packaged and distributed in a form intended or suitable for sale through retail agencies, may furthermore be exempted from marking of the proper shipping name and UN number on the packaging and from the requirements for a dangerous goods transport document.”
Where necessary, we shall therefore review the procedures of the Mechanism, while at the same time maintaining its flexible and informal character and its consensus-based working method.
Noting the important role of the Regional Centre in assisting region-specific initiatives of Member States, including its assistance to the work related to the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia,
The representative of the United Republic of Tanzania intro-duced and orally corrected the draft resolution on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
An amount of $14,300 has been included for spare parts, repair and maintenance of United Nations-owned equipment, including office equipment, data-processing equipment, generators and water purification equipment.
Thirteen UDPS activists: arrested in Ndjili on 4 February.
This commission will also consider ways to manage river basins, including the Zarumilla basin.
Subsequently Latvia and Mauritius joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
The organism has the relatively rare capability of removing nitrogen from the atmosphere, converting it to ammonium, retaining some for its own nourishment and releasing the rest.
1. The Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People was established by the General Assembly in resolution 3376 (XXX) of 10 November 1975, with the task of recommending a programme designed to enable the Palestinian people to exercise its inalienable rights as recognized by the Assembly in resolution 3236 (XXIX) of 22 November 1974.
8. The Chairman emphasized that the aim of the session was to complete negotiations, based on his consolidated negotiating text (FCCC/AGBM/1997/7), in order to present a draft protocol or another legal instrument to the third session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 3).
The review showed that the Insurance Section relies too much on its external brokers.
Support for proposals to eliminate tax exemptions for international aviation fuel was noted by Germany and the United Kingdom.
45. In view of the relevance of an adequate database on capacities in the developing world, urgent action should be taken to expand TCDC-INRES into a multidimensional information system providing data not only on institutional capacities but also on individual experts, centres of excellence and innovative cooperation arrangements that could be replicated in other developing countries.
The Committee regrets the absence of training for the police in human rights and in the proper use of riot equipment, such as “rubber bullets”.
The total requirements for air and surface freight are estimated at $1,092,500 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $75,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
Exceptions to this rule include the Indian Ocean and Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuaries, which have been established by the International Whaling Commission.
31. The progress achieved by the Andean Group, the Group of Three, CARICOM, MERCOSUR, the Central American Common Market and other existing or proposed bilateral integration and trade liberalization arrangements in Latin America and the Caribbean represent our contribution to a more open and competitive world order that is consistent with the guidelines laid down by the World Trade Organization (WTO), which complement the multilateral trading system in a way that is mutually reinforcing.
(a) In the title of the subprogramme, insert facilitation after assessment;
(c) China has accumulated a lot of experience, know-how and successful techniques during the experiencing of combating desertification over a long period of time.
92. The right to a healthy environment has been violated as a result of human activities which increase concentrations of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, with all the consequent effects on global warming, rising sea levels and climate in general.
Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women on its nineteenth session
5. Administrative and financial implications of the actions of the Board . 59
The costs associated with the major equipment are calculated on a full-cost basis using the standard wet-lease reimbursement rates and are estimated at $1,171,600 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $1,955,500 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
Delegation of human resource management responsibilities
(a) making the roster more balanced in terms of gender representation;
Joint progress report of the Executive Directors of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) (HS/C/16/14) - for decision
Situation of Arab workers of the occupied Arab territories
The most stringent conditions are perhaps those determined in the context of the HIPC initiative, which require a complex process of debt sustainability analysis (undertaken by the World Bank and IMF) and a rather long period of proven performance.
In the case of UNPF, listings of stolen vehicles were even provided to Interpol.
“As convener of the Executive Committee for Peace and Security, it will also coordinate and collaborate with other departments in the Secretariat, as well as various United Nations programmes and agencies and regional arrangements and organizations”.
Serbian Ministry of Interior officials announced that they had arrested two members of the KLA who had given statements describing the torture and execution of a number of abducted persons, including women and children.
Official statement issued on 30 May 1998 by the Ministry of
6. Adoption of the report of the Preparatory Committee on its first session.
These categories are subject to a labour market needs test and, in the case of hospital auxiliary occupations, to quotas.
ISO 14001 could potentially be used as a marketing tool both domestically and internationally.
382. The Committee’s further concerns include:
The following aspects notably affected the methodology of the mission:
One delegation, speaking on behalf of a group, said that this was due to external circumstances outside the control of the Committee.
28. In order to implement this recommendation, provision has been made in the present budget for the following:
He stressed that the broad objective of United Nations assistance is to shift away from emergency relief measures and to try to focus on long-term sustainable development.
Item 5: Review of progress in the implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s:
Third, the Japanese Government forcibly drafted through its conscription order. This was conducted using most brutal methods. It was, in fact, ‘man-hunting’.
3. Exclusivity (legislative recommendation 5 and paras. 17-21)
Letter dated 22 December 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
About one-tenth of all tariffs of developed countries exceed 12 per cent ad valorem.
It is also vain to imagine that an international criminal tribunal offers a solution.
One delegation, speaking on behalf of a large group, observed that the evaluation contained many useful proposals and that it should be implemented at an early date.
Seventh, the infrastructure of the agricultural produce market should be developed on the basis of a special state programme.
New Zealand seeks compensation in the amount of $NZ 17,322 for the lost vehicle.
The chairpersons recommended that the Secretariat amend its proposal accordingly.
Ethnic Vietnamese who had documents showing that their parents lived in Cambodia in the 1960s were turned away from registration stations, although some others registered without any documentation.
Most reporting Parties described bilateral policies and programmes that transfer either “hard” or “soft” technologies to developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
The Policy, Advocacy and Information Division and the Emergency Liaison Branch have been established in New York.
11. The financial statements include 18 notes.
The General Assembly had concurred with the proposed agreement on the explicit understanding that it was self-financing and contained no financial implications for the Fund; this was in keeping with the Assembly's view that the Fund had acted in accordance with the legally effective and binding transfer agreements when it made payments to the Social Security Fund of the former USSR in accordance with the terms of those agreements.
Restoring security requires not only constant action by the Palestinian security services; it also requires creating an environment free from incitement to violence.
In attempting to do so, the secretariat focused its consultations on the three main non-governmental constituencies that have so far emerged from the Convention process.
Enhanced oversight in the United Nations system
In so doing it reflects the principle of indivisibility of rights.
(b) to strengthen the ability of developing countries to attract foreign investment and develop enterprises capabilities and a technological base to strengthen their production and export capacity;
The Committee shares the concern expressed by the representative of the State party at the widespread severe malnutrition and at the inadequacies of data and statistics monitoring nutrition.
Periodic meetings with the host Government and improved consultation between the Government and members of the resident coordinator system were suggested by some countries.
Vice-Chairmen: Mrs. Sharon Brennen-Haylock (Bahamas)
It appears that the above position was not accepted by the Command Secretariat, which replied, “effective 16 June 1993, ... all locally employed civilians at UNFICYP are employed by the United Nations and the United Nations must take full and financial responsibility for any decision after that time to make these staff redundant” (Command Secretary’s memorandum of 3 August 1993).
At 2300 hours the minion Lahad's militia directed bursts of fire at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr.
Guidelines aimed at creating a supportive environment for the development of cooperatives
Furthermore, the Secretary-General wishes to express his appreciation to the City of Sapporo and the Hokkaido Prefecture for the 1997 Sapporo Conference, and to the Government of Indonesia for the 1998 Regional Disarmament Meeting in South-east Asia.
At the same time, the rationale for the support of UNRWA as a safety net for a vulnerable population and as an element of stability in a turbulent region was as valid as ever.
(a) The practice of competitive selection of consultants/contractors is followed;
Subsequently, the General Assembly, by its decision 52/453, requested the Secretary-General to submit a report on the role of civil society in the work of the United Nations at its fifty-third session.
THE PROSECUTION OF PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR GENOCIDE AND OTHER SERIOUS VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONAL HUMANITARIAN LAW COMMITTED
This estimate provides for the regular replacement of sandbags, concertina wires, barbed wires, corrugated steel sheets, fence posts, enamel painting, concrete tube culverts, Gabon boxes and mine tapes for use in repairing bunkers, constructing replacement bunkers and enhancing security at UNDOF camps and positions.
29.6 Under the subprogramme on investigations, 359 cases were reported, which far exceeded the projected number of cases anticipated, and 310 were completed during the biennium.
51. Increase in cocaine abuse was reported in Israel, the Syrian Arab Republic and Turkey.
Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women
Contributions received for the same period totalled $59,587,242, resulting in a shortfall of $9,529,643.
Between 0155 and 0705 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at Jabal Sujud, Jabal al-Rafi` and Jabal Safi.
For the period from October 1997 to June 1998 owing to a change in contract
11. Invites the Economic and Social Council and the Bretton Woods institutions, in their high-level dialogue in the spring of 1999, also to address ways and means on how to optimize the benefits and minimize the negative consequences of globalization and interdependence, in particular for the developing countries;
222. High-level Advisory Board on Sustainable Development, eleventh session [General Assembly resolution 47/191]
For this purpose, the two countries will hold annually meetings of the Japanese-Russian Intergovernmental Committee on Trade and Economic Affairs.
The Executive Board reviewed and revised the selection process and criteria in 1989, 1990, 1991 and 1994.
In the same resolution, the Assembly also decided to hold a special session in the year 2000 for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the outcome of the Summit and to consider further actions and initiatives.
(c) Establishment of preventive measures, both scientific and technical, such as early-warning systems and climate prediction and monitoring, and socio-economic, such as contingency measures and strengthening of coping capacities;
City Court judge in Helsinki, 1973-1976 (on leave of absence), and Court of Appeal judge in Turku, 1976-1979 (on leave of absence).
Should the General Assembly agree with the proposed approach, the Secretary-General recommends, in paragraph 13 of document A/C.5/52/25, that the General Assembly invite the General Council of WTO to accept the proposed arrangements and timetable for the review and approval of the proposed programme budget of ITC and related budget performance reports.
17. Troops were previously provided to the Mission by Canada, Chile, Denmark, Norway and Sweden.
WORKING GROUP ON THE RIGHT TO DEVELOPMENT
8. No staff member may be appointed within three months of retirement at or after the mandatory retirement age, unless approved by the Office of Human Resources Management as an exception to the general policy.
The accounts are maintained on a “fund accounting” basis and each fund is maintained as a distinct financial and accounting entity with a separate self-financing double-entry group of accounts.
(a) High-level international intergovernmental consideration of financing for development
The Government has also been greatly heartened by the outpouring of support from Indians abroad.
The recommendation was fully implemented in February 1997.
I should be grateful if you would have the present letter and its annexes circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under items 24 and 95 of the agenda of the fifty-third session, and of the Security Council.
D. Facilitation of Implementation and Coordination9
(except Chapter 12, Part I and Chapter 17)
77. The Special Committee continued to take into account the provisions of the relevant resolutions of the United Nations bodies concerned relating to the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination, including in particular General Assembly resolution 52/111 of 12 December 1997 and the relevant report of the Secretary-General.11
Moreover, to bolster further the Organization’s monitoring capacity, each peacekeeping mission that has aviation activity, because of either troop rotations or long-term charter work, should have an air safety officer and an air operation officer who would be responsible for the oversight of all matters pertaining to aviation, including the monitoring of vendors under contract to the United Nations.
The representative of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees made a statement.
During the first half of the reporting period, a major financial shortfall forced UNICEF to cut back certain key programme activities.
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]
Consequently, NPAFC in March 1998 convened a workshop on climate change and salmon production focusing on the impacts of climate change and the 1997–98 El Niño on salmon populations in the North Pacific, including impacts on smaller geographic regions, such as the Sea of Okhotsk, the Bering Sea, the Gulf of Alaska, and the coastal waters of the North America.
Evidence that a disproportionately large number of Roma children are placed in special schools, leading to de facto racial segregation, and that they also have a considerably lower level of participation in secondary and higher education, raises doubts about whether article 5 of the Convention is being fully implemented.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu’s communications adviser, David Bar Illan, stated that the Beit El project was meant to satisfy the settlement’s natural growth requirements.
Since then, the Department for Economic and Social Affairs has undertaken a study of trends and issues in international arms trade and an evaluation of the consequences of reductions in military spending.
At 0900 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr.
Additional provision is made for emplacement travel at an average cost of $3,200 per military observer ($243,200).
Letter dated 23 February 1998 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Islamic Republic of Iran to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the final documents of the eighth session of the Islamic Summit Conference, held at Tehran from 9 to 11 December 1997 (A/53/72–S/1998/156)
If a vote is equally divided on a matter other than an election, the proposal or motion shall be regarded as rejected.
The Committee intends to inquire into the extent of the implementation of its own past recommendations on the subject, as well as those contained in the JIU report, as approved by the General Assembly, in the context of its examination of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001 and future bienniums.
11. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.44 (see para. 14, draft resolution II).
143. The UNU/IAS postgraduate education programme offers Ph.D. fellowships and short training courses in three thematic areas: eco-restructuring for sustainable development, mega-cities and urban development, and multilateralism and governance.
The General Assembly monitors the adherence to and implementation of the international drug treaties through the annual report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action, adopted at its seventeenth special session,See resolution S-17/2, annex. and through a special report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the 1988 Convention, which is prepared in even years.
It is expected that the Meeting will further the exchange of best practices among host country investment promotion institutions, and also encourage greater cooperation among inward and outward investment promotion programmes.
The growth in sales of these consumer packs is reported to be 10-20 per cent per year.
REPORT OF THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE
No consensus was reached on either the modalities of decision-making in financial or budgetary matters or on the finance committee, and the Meeting decided to place the item on the agenda of its next meeting.
These standards require that the Board plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/29).
14. Also emphasizes the importance of providing adequate conference-servicing resources to all United Nations conference centres;
Ukraine further indicated possible forms of cooperation within the framework of the United Nations, including, inter alia, joint meetings and seminars; exchanges of experience and information on laws; and development of contacts between Governments to better deal with the matter of international terrorism.
Thus, from a position of a small trade surplus ($33 million) with markets other than Israel in 1981, the Palestinian economy today has a $144 million trade deficit with the rest of the world, and a $1,315 million deficit with Israel.
To the extent that the application of the provisions of air law to space objects while in airspace is accepted, articles 1827 to 1840 of Colombia’s Commercial Code, in its aeronautical section, contain provisions concerning, inter alia, damage to third parties on the surface of Earth.
331. On 6 March, it was reported that the Israeli Government had allocated $5 million for settlements in the West Bank, Gaza and the Golan Heights as part of the budget.
Attempts to categorize follow-up replies are necessarily imprecise.
Like China, it was ready to continue its participation in the Committee, to which it attached great importance.
5. At the present time, audit assignments are shared among the audit staff provided from the audit services of the members of the Board on an equal basis.
Such claims must be accompanied by bills, vouchers or ticket stubs.
– The 1994 amendments to the International Code for the Construction and Equipment of Ships carrying Liquefied Gases in Bulk (IGC Code)(adopted by resolution MSC.32(63)on 23 May 1994); and the 1996 amendments to the Code adopted by resolution MSC.59(67) on 5 December 1996;
40. The Board has noted the action taken by the Administration.
151. Donor countries have undertaken a few evaluations of United Nations operational activities, joint evaluation by Canada, Finland and Germany of UNFPA work; Germany’s evaluation of trust fund projects of UNDCP in Peru; evaluation of United Nations field system in Thailand and Viet Nam by the United Kingdom; evaluation of UNDP by the United States of America.
Reaffirming the principle of the permanent sovereignty of peoples under foreign occupation over their natural resources,
In addition, it was assumed that normal revisions of national data for earlier years would be reflected in the updating.
The global United Nations conferences, in particular those on women held in Nairobi and Beijing, have set out a comprehensive global agenda for achieving that goal.
D. Resolution 15/4: Role of the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) in providing assistance to
14. Action has been taken to solicit from executing agencies all outstanding project reports and to effect timely closure of projects.
While welcoming this development, the Board recommends that the Programme:
3. The Executive Director of MICIVIH reports directly to the Secretary-General of the United Nations and to the Secretary-General of OAS.
In this connection, it was proposed that a member of the Sub-Commission be given the opportunity to work more effectively on the paper.
2. Visits of sub-teams (2 experts each) to MCs to meet with CCDFP and TCP, visiting different institutions, agencies and bodies, writing a CPP, organizing a national workshop and writing the final CPP (14 days).
A database called LANDBASE, containing research results and selected policy options that are available to the region for improving sustainable development, is being developed.
Prisoner Viviane Bintou made a statement before the military court concerning the torture she had suffered at the hands of the National Information Agency (ANR), as well as the deplorable conditions in jail.
On behalf of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus, I wish to protest strongly against these new violations of the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Cyprus.
In the past, the President of the General Assembly had consulted with the members of the Committee to determine which delegation wanted to give up its membership and which wished to replace it.
2. Regulation 3.11 provides, inter alia, that the medium-term plan shall be revised as necessary every two years to incorporate required programme changes and that the proposed revisions shall be as detailed as required to incorporate the programme implications of the resolutions and decisions adopted by the intergovernmental organs or international conferences since the adoption of the plan.
Inquiries regarding Depository Libraries may be made to the Depository Libraries Officer on ext. 37444.
Thus, the “must-haves” should be separated from the “nice-to-haves”.
4. At its substantive session of 1995, the Committee decided that requests for inter-sessional departures submitted to the Committee that involved a change of venue should be referred to the members for approval.
More than 90 per cent of all fisheries trade is in processed form.
ESCWA is planning to convene a regional follow-up meeting to the Summit in November 1998, in cooperation with ILO, the League of Arab States and the Arab Network of non-governmental organizations, focusing on the three core issues addressed by the Summit, surveying national policies on these issues and assessing the impact of their implementation.
Cyprus does not favour any attempt to enforce laws in its territory that are promulgated by other States.
There will be a closed meeting of the Bureau of the Committee on Information on Monday, 3 November 1997, at 3 p.m. in Room S-1027.
“Taking into account the statements made during the debate,
Statements in explanation of the vote after the vote were made by the representatives of China, Pakistan, Viet Nam, the Russian Federation, Israel, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Lebanon, the Syrian Arab Republic, the Sudan, Nicaragua and Uganda.
Gradually, the extent and severity of the problem is reaching the average citizen.
They can be used as a basis for designing programmes to improve the situation of children, particularly those belonging to the most disadvantaged groups, including disabled children, children born out of wedlock, children ill-treated and abused within the family, in institutions, or deprived of liberty, children who are victims of sexual exploitation, children belonging to minority groups, especially Roma, and children who, in order to survive, are forced to live and/or work on the street.
5. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session:
(d) administrative infrastructure available to support activities of the Global Mechanism, including location, office space, personnel, financial, communications, information management and field office frameworks;
Working closely with ICRC, Norwegian Afghan Committee, Afghan Aid and other non-governmental organizations, the United Nations relief operation quickly established field centres at Faizabad.
Ten Parties (AUT, CAN, CHE, DEU, FIN, GBR, IRE, NLD, NZL, SLO) included the summary tables, though the degree of information provided varied considerably both in coverage and level of detail.
Norway, which did not provide a table, noted that “significant environmental side-effects consistent with promoting the Convention...are not the primary purpose of development assistance (and) they have been rather scarcely recorded and assessed”.
The experience garnered in the graduation of preference-receiving countries out of these benefits on a sectoral or whole country basis has been very controversial.
The session consisted of one meeting - the 874th plenary meeting of the Board.
Once again, the programme was not strictly implemented although a significant number of agreed measures were taken.
For example, the Committee notes that forced medical control of prostitutes, where such measures are not implemented with respect for clients, is discriminatory and might be counterproductive.
Experience from large-scale commodity development and diversification projects showed, moreover, that major local players and social groups were increasingly voicing their interests.
These conclusions and recommendations were thereafter comprehensively discussed in informal consultations.
The Special Representative has offered to provide international expertise to the Committee, if requested.
1. UNISTE’s recommendations concerning telecommunications
59. There is a need to diversify the process of globalization by challenging the emerging form of global capitalism and balancing it by other concepts universal in scope.
In April 1997, five companies obtained ISO 14001 certification, i.e. one car manufacturer and four public utility companies.
First Committee: Tuesday, 9 December, in the morning;
Some of these objectives, and their interrelations, are discussed below.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General, A/53/105.
47. Public information programmes contractual services.
The Committee was of the view that developing countries should enhance their potential in basic and advanced research in order to promote capacity-building for space applications and to benefit from spin-offs of space technology.
Emergency-type detention law currently in force.
If the agency were to start now, it would probably try to use IMIS, however, at this point, the cost of changing over to IMIS is too high.
The arrests were not made on the Sabbath out of consideration for the settlers.
The plan will be finalized by the end of 1998 and updated as necessary. Its actual implementation will be subject to the availability of funds.
Agency execution will be increasingly favoured, moving from 66 per cent in the previous biennium to 71 per cent, while UNDCP execution will decrease correspondingly from 31 per cent to 26 per cent, with the balance being national execution.
In summary, therefore, requirements under this programme for 1999 are estimated at this stage at USD 9,043,800, of which USD 2,005,200 under the core budget and the remaining USD 7,038,600 from the Supplementary Fund.
Up to the time this report was finalized, the Special Rapporteur had no knowledge of the launching of any investigation.
104. The Committee expresses concern that data has not been collected in some areas.
The Secretary also drew attention to the following:
In so doing, the system is not only contributing to a more effective integration of external assistance with national priorities but is also better able to respond to national requirements in a more effective and comprehensive way.
The participants began work on the development of a national human rights programme and called for clearer definitions of the roles of the different actors in the promotion and protection of human rights.
Noting the progress made in these countries in achieving macroeconomic stabilization in the course of structural reforms, which require more active investment policies,
88. The Committee agreed with the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that, while a revision of the Principles was not necessary at the current stage, it was important that States making use of nuclear power sources should conduct their activities in full accordance with the Principles (A/AC.105/697 and Corr.1, para. 68).
In addition, a comparative study of investment laws of Singapore, Sri Lanka, Saudi Arabia, Nigeria and Mexico was also undertaken.
172. The Staffing Support Section is responsible for establishing the civilian personnel structures for individual field missions and, based upon post vacancies, for identifying, selecting and appointing all international candidates to serve in peacekeeping and other field missions.
As mentioned above, the total of commercial and private vehicles crossing the borders of four European countries in 1994 was over 34 million.
In that case, unless the Commission decides otherwise, the usual rotation of officers will still take place in the regular segment of the forty-first session of the Commission, while the bureau of the special segment will remain unchanged.
Yet torture is still reported even in those countries.
Functional commissions may be encouraged to request through the Council, as appropriate, additional inputs from other functional commissions on issues of interest to the commission making the request.
Some 2,000 women die of pregnancy complications each year.
Despite the intention to strengthen cooperation between the government and the social partners, including employers' organizations, SMEs still feel to be inadequately represented in the dialogue.
4. The most important of these observations and recommendations stressed that a true saving from the introduction of efficiency measures is achieved if costs are reduced while the level and quality of service is maintained or further improved.
Statements were made by the Observer of Palestine and the Chairman of the Committee.
Bearing in mind that in their negotiations States should be guided by the relevant principles and rules of international law,
TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT BOARD, forty-fifth session 5-16 October (HIGH LEVEL MID-TERM REVIEW)
The facets are being explored in depth in the forthcoming publication World Ageing Situation, No. 3.
7. Implementation of article 21 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
97. During the year, researchers working on the project collaborated with the African Economic Research Consortium in organizing a conference on Comparative African and East Asian Development Experiences, which was held in South Africa in November.
The proposed additional medium utility helicopter will provide helicopter-based medical evacuation capability required under the standard mine-clearance operating procedures, as well as perform the supply, resupply and personnel movement tasks to support the Mission’s engineering projects;
Where trade measures are nevertheless deemed necessary, positive measures can be used as part of a policy package that takes account of the interests of all parties.
THE RISK OF NUCLEAR PROLIFERATION IN THE MIDDLE EAST
75. UPU has increased the resources allocated to economies in transition in its technical cooperation programme for 1996–2000.
A planned mission to Rwanda was cancelled upon notification by the Government of Rwanda that the national authorities were addressing the mine problem and that United Nations assistance was not required.
The Committee further requests that these concluding observations be widely disseminated among the public at large in all parts of Uruguay.
444. The need for obtaining better information about the ocean floor has led to recent advances in diving apparatus, submersibles, remotely operated vehicles (ROVs) and self-propelled autonomous underwater vehicles (AUVs).
(ii) 35 minutes maximum, for the presentation of a study, to be divided by the author between the explanatory remarks and the conclusion.
Arrangements required, including for menus, should be coordinated with the United Nations Catering Service (ext. 37098 or 37099).
(a) To conduct administrative investigations;
Bell-212 Charter cost of one Bell-212 helicopter for a total of 30 hours per month at $1,500 per flight hour.
New Zealand welcomes constructive United Nations initiatives to address the problem of illicit arms trading and would support an international conference on the illicit arms trade.
Others (natural prolongation, no definition provided, etc.)
The additional requirements of $3,494,200 were attributable to the following: (a) late receipt of invoices from the World Meteorological Organization ($68,400), the International Maritime Organization ($108,000), and the United Nations Office at Geneva ($185,800) for staff who served in prior periods; (b) retroactive special post allowance payments ($168,600); and (c) delays in the processing of personnel actions of UNPF staff who transferred to UNTAES, UNMIBH and UNPREDEP.
The Department has therefore continued to attach priority to these two traditional media, especially for broadcasts to developing countries.
Arrangements for administrative support to the Convention secretariat 32
60. The Committee recommended that the United Nations, through the Office for Outer Space Affairs, should continue to provide all necessary support, within the limits of its existing resources, to the centres.
At its 86th plenary meeting, on 2 June 1998, the General Assembly decided, on the proposal of the Secretary-General (A/52/236 and A/52/237), to add the following items to the list of items considered directly in plenary meeting:
Legislative reforms have also been introduced and further legislation is being contemplated.
10. Elimination of racism and racial discrimination (D.108).
Mr. POSTA (Hungary) said that, since the Business Plan had been adopted as the guideline for the future, clarity would be improved by incorporating the phrase “within the context of the Business Plan” in the chapeau part of operative paragraph 3.
The argument most often heard in international fora is that there are no possible measures or alternative systems in the face of the process of globalization now under way.
The Hill Tribes have begun to complain to provincial authorities but the authorities say they have little power to stop illegal logging.
5. The World Food Programme (WFP) provides emergency food assistance to an average of approximately 175,000 Burundians displaced by the violent hostilities.
The enhancement of existing national centres could be pursued independently or in parallel with activities to enhance and/or build new international centres and networks.
In connection with the deployment of the military contingents, the budget also provides for the additional estimated requirements of $40,000 under construction/prefabricated buildings for the construction of two base camps.
8. The Council considered the agenda of its organizational session at the 1st meeting, on 22 January.
The mission reports will be submitted to the Commission on Human Rights at its fifty-fifth session.
Mr. Nuno Krus Abecasis, Member of Parliament, Social Democratic Center-Popular Party
(a) The Committee approved the revised budget appropriations for the biennium 1998–1999 (see para. 43, draft resolution II A);
The present document contains information on those topics submitted by Member States between 1 November 1997 and 15 January 1998.
Poverty and below average living conditions result in nutritional deficiencies, poor housing and inadequate sanitation.
The results of the review and future arrangements will be considered by the Board during 1998, with the aim of establishing resources and long-term financing policies that will provide WFP funding to achieve its mission.
Morocco will introduce duty-free treatment for imports of selected products from African least developed countries.
(d) Develop model forms for requests for mutual legal assistance;
I have the honour to enclose the response by the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland to allegations made by the International Federation of Human Rights during the forty—eighth session of the Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities.
The aim of the partnership initiative will be to develop and implement on a pilot basis an economic development strategy through a series of business development initiatives with local enterprises.
21. Proposed form of institutionalization:
In the first stage, the Group considered the definition of the material and offences to be covered under the proposed convention with a view to clarifying its necessity as well as its objectives and substantive scope.
Such limits may make it necessary periodically to redeploy individual staff members to related or new tasks, as is provided for under current personnel policy (for example, staff regulation 1.2).
A similar pattern of coordination might be established at the national level by each land-locked country and its transit neighbour.
80. The most important recent development has been the launching of the French and Spanish versions of the site, on 10 December 1997, both of which include all relevant menus and background information, as well as all United Nations reports and resolutions relevant to human rights issued from 10 December 1997.
instead of the average THC content of 0.5 to 4.0 per cent of outdoor cultivation. With its active ingredient so high, the psychoactive effect of cultivated cannabis can be powerfully hallucinogenic, making it a very different drug from the traditional plant whose abuse became popular in the 1960s.
10. The financial statements are supported by six schedules.
(g) Letter dated 13 November 1998 from the Chairman of the First Committee addressed to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee (A/C.5/53/41);
Revitalization of the work of the General Assembly
Delegate to the Consultative Meeting of Ministers for Foreign Affairs of the American Republics, Buenos Aires and Washington, 1967.
4. On the basis of its experience in recent years and benefiting from expert advice of field workers, the Government wishes to make the following suggestions:
New curricula are being developed for those workshops and for training courses aimed at both first-time and experienced resident coordinators.
Lastly, we need to develop a large-scale step-by-step programme for the election of leaders at all levels.
The discussion on those and other Congress-related issues is reflected in the relevant part of the Commission’s report on its seventh session.2
c These were transitional reports that were described as progress reports but that contained substantive recommendations.
30. Recommends that more attention be paid to all aspects related to the protection and the preservation of the outer space environment, especially those potentially affecting the Earth’s environment;
UNEP is currently awaiting feedback from Kenya following detailed description of UNEP and United Nations needs in July 1998
As is known, larger armed groups of terrorists with equipment attempted to illegally cross into the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, using small arms fire and endangering the lives of Yugoslav border guards.
Interdivisional meetings where individual project proposals are reviewed serve this purpose.
The regular budget also shall be accompanied by a statement on the main changes in comparison with the previous biennium.
22. The activation of release 2 of the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS) offers a new tool for monitoring delegated authority and a number of control procedures for the administration of entitlements.
The following are three major technical trends in advanced materials technology, all driven by the need to precisely engineer microstructures to contain the desired physical and chemical compositions:
WORKING PARTY ON THE MEDIUM TERM PLAN 14-16 April twenty-ninth session (second part)
The estimate includes provision for: charges for the transponder satellite extension ($42,600); operating and dial charges ($248,400); telex/telefax charges ($2,400); postage and pouch charges ($33,200); and rental and maintenance of lease lines, pagers and cellular phones ($7,200).
On the other hand, both governments and industrial enterprises seem to need some time to familiarize themselves with the framework of NGO interventions before they could tap the potential contributions of NGOs to the policy dialogue between the government and the private sector.
6.6.5 Test requirements for large packagings
1396. On the basis of the discussions on the various issues both at the plenary session and by the three panels, the following recommendations were formulated by the Rapporteur for the thematic debate:
11. The Advisory Committee was informed that unliquidated obligations for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 had decreased from the $15,360,600 shown in column 6 of annex I to the performance report to $12,643,106 as at 31 January 1998.
Among other things, it was assumed that this approach would maximize economies of scale and develop institutional expertise with respect to specific goods and services.
The Commission emphasized the importance of CLOUT for the purpose of promoting the uniform application of the legal texts that resulted from its work.
In its resolution 814 (1993), the Security Council acknowledged the need for a smooth transition from UNITAF to the expanded UNOSOM II; and decided to expand the size of the UNOSOM force and its mandate (UNOSOM II), which would require the deployment of a military component of up to 28,000, all ranks.
Following the submission of the working paper (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1992/18), the Sub—Commission decided, by its resolution 1992/23, to request the co-authors to draft a study on the impunity of perpetrators of violations of human rights.
8. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization: report of the Sixth Committee (A/52/652) [151].
4. At the 67th meeting, on 28 May, the representative of Indonesia, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China, introduced a draft resolution entitled "Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East: United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon" (A/C.5/52/L.52).
Researchers working on the project examine the impact of development, humanitarian actions and human rights on the peace processes in several areas. This project has been commissioned to researchers at King’s College, London University.
Recalling also its decision 50/481 of 11 April 1996 on the financing of the Force and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/154 B of 13 June 1997,
In that same year, the People’s Republic of China was established in Beijing, and the Government of the Republic of China moved to Taiwan.
Letter dated 19 June 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
The adoption of a pension scheme for the judges of both tribunals would result in additional requirements for the year 1999, of $9,700 for the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and $5,400 for the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda.
Each of the other regions will require between $1 million and $2 million in general-purpose funding to sustain ongoing activities.
“(a) War crimes as they are defined in the Charter of the International Military Tribunal, Nürnberg, of 8 August 1945 and confirmed by resolutions 3 (I) of 13 February 1946 and 95 (I) of 11 December 1946 of the General Assembly of the United Nations, particularly the 'grave breaches' enumerated in the Geneva Conventions of 12 August 1949 for the protection of war victims;
The draft would be revised by a member of the Committee and submitted to the Committee at its nineteenth session.
The Committee considered the fourth periodic report of Sene-gal (CCPR/C/103/Add.1).
B. Provision of written meeting records to subsidiary organs of the General Assembly
Those strategies entail the cultivation of economically viable crops, and are usually supported by measures to improve transport and communication infrastructure, social services and activities to develop agricultural marketing opportunities.
Moreover, the provisions contained in the United States legislation, aimed at preventing general access of Cuba to concessional lending and the return of Cuba to the Bretton Woods institutions, constitute an additional obstacle to the required rehabilitation of the national infrastructure and further development of the economy.
The Chairman also referred to the documentation before the fifth session, as mentioned in document FCCC/SBI/1997/1.
Nothing further was heard on the matter until February 1996.
23. With regard to the vehicle insurance mentioned in paragraph 24 of annex II.C, the Advisory Committee was informed on enquiry that coverage for the 50 vehicles owned by the United Kingdom to be withdrawn from the mission area as of 1 September 1998 (see annex II.C, para. 18) was not included.
52. Resident coordinator system respondents emphasized that greater interaction has led to greater understanding, which has led to greater collaboration.
(b) The capital assets of the Organization comprise land and buildings (at cost) at the following locations (in millions of United States dollars):
A database was inaugurated at the headquarters of the judicial police to centralize information on crimes and suspects.
With the electronic storage of the family files and the integration of the three sets of records, the URS would improve programme planning and management, ensure the security of vital data and preserve an important historical resource.
(e) costs or expenses relating to the raising, removal, recovery or destruction of the wreck of the ship or its cargo; 5/ Comments of the Greek delegation on Article 1, paragraph 1 (e): “In discussing this definition, Greece would like to make clear to everybody that a ship in distress cannot be the subject of arrest due to the tremendous risks involved for the safety of passengers, crew and cargo of the vessel, for the vessel itself and for the environment.”
For example, UNDP has provided support to the Association of South-East Asian Nations, the Economic Community of West African States and the Central American Common Market, as well as such commodity groups as the Union of Banana Producing Countries, in an effort to strengthen their overall capacity, with special emphasis on the organization and management of TCDC activities.
Subject to the receipt of extrabudgetary resources, expert meetings are also envisaged on employment and older persons and on the social technologies of traditional societies.
Consequently, any increases in tuition fees in many duty stations reduced the amount available for boarding.
(b) Transparency and verification by a facilitator where appropriate and agreed upon by the parties to the peace agreement or by international supervision if the parties agree;
401. The Committee encourages Mexico to continue to allow women’s non-governmental organizations to participate in the implementation of the Convention.
World trade in the major processed meats was tentatively estimated at US$22 billion in 1995, and the annual growth rate between 1990-1995 is roughly 8 per cent.
358. The Committee invites the State party to give publicity to the Convention, the periodic report as well as the Committee’s concluding observations thereon, so that the judiciary, the legal profession, the relevant government agencies and the public at large are made fully aware of the provisions and the potential of the Convention.
The new Manual provides guidelines on methods of invitation to bid but does not cover open tendering, even though the Administration informed the Board that it was standard practice in the case of a highly valued requirement to publish a procurement notice in a publication of wide international circulation.
II. Agendas of the fifty—second and fifty—third sessions 109
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other elections: election of the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/ 695) [16 (d)]
We now need to take these important words written on paper and make them part of the everyday practice of all government bodies and departments in every town and every village.
Page 9, table 4, title: for 1983 read 1992
The provisions of the resolutions are reflected in the present document under the relevant headings.
(m) Note by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in southern Lebanon and western Bekaa. A/53/537.
Seven Palestinians were injured by rubber bullets while another dozen suffered from tear-gas inhalation.
An objective indication of the strengths of the report and the strength of the delegation is generally included;
The decision of the General Assembly to consolidate the responsibility for such capacity-building within UNDP is expected to produce significant new demands for technical cooperation and programme support activities.
The secretariat has thus been called upon to provide substantive input to all major areas of policy making.
It had before it the following documents: FCCC/SBI/1997/16; FCCC/SBI/1997/MISC.9 and FCCC/CP/1997/MISC.1.
In order to expand the pool of women candidates, efforts could also be made to identify qualified women from other departments and offices of the Secretariat and from other organizations of the United Nations system. Executive searches, in turn, could be conducted to identify external women candidates.
Chairman of the National Climate Change Committee State of Kuwait
general temporary assistance (USD 62,000 for 9 work/months of General Service staff and 2 work/months of Professional staff) required to prepare for the overlap of the Administrative Unit due to the relocation of the Secretariat, peak workload periods and replacement of staff on sick or maternity leave; as well as overtime for General Service staff arising from the sessions of the COP (USD 6,000);
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations” and to allocate it to the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee).
763. The Committee encourages the State party to give specific attention to monitoring the full implementation of labour laws in order to protect children from being economically exploited.
This responsibility flows from every Government’s normal and inherent function of maintaining order and protecting persons and property within its jurisdiction.
Additionally, it provides for technical repair services in the amount of $24,000.
Inter-agency cooperation has been one of the main features and perhaps the key to the success of the restructuring process of UNITAR.
21. Finally, he suggested that the expert group meetings which would be convened in 1997 could address the following issues: commodities diversification; promotion of trade in services; strengthening of institutional capacity; and trade and environment.
Additional requirements under local staff salaries were mainly attributable to: (a) the increase in local staff salaries by 61.8 per cent effective 1 March 1997; and (b) the payment of a non-pensionable bonus, equivalent to 5.56 months’ salary, based on the previous salary scale applicable to Naqoura, Lebanon.
Indigenous peoples and substance use project
The meetings currently scheduled for 1997 are as follows:
IFAD International Fund for Agricultural Development
However, some countries go beyond their commitments and actually allow more openness in their markets.
The National Energy Efficiency Improvement and Energy Conservation Programme (NEEIECP), under which an action plan was approved in December 1995, was presented as an important framework to achieve substantial reductions in GHG emissions.
It indicated that CCAMLR scientists estimated in 1997 that illegal fishing vessels alone had killed over 100,000 Southern Ocean seabirds annually.
Significant improvements of statistics on trade in services are a crucial factor in increasing the capacity of countries to assess their export performances, evaluate the benefits of liberalization and identify new market opportunities.
A new challenge for the private and the public sectors is thus how to coexist in the same market and benefit from each other's presence.
Some countries reported that the programmes would continue while funds were available (Latvia), pending legislative and political decisions (Monaco, Kyrgyzstan and Switzerland), or pending a scientific decision made by experts (Finland).
This posture demonstrates that the Greek Cypriot side is not prepared to accept the present realities in the island (i.e. the existence of two sovereign peoples and their respective states) and engage in a meaningful dialogue on that basis.
Audit of programme expenditure incurred by Governments and non-governmental organizations, 1990–1995
Commercial lease of armoured personnel carriers from 1 June 1998 at $7,500 per vehicle per month.
The topics of the panels will be: (1) women and armed conflict; (2) human rights of women; (3) the girl child; and (4) violence against women.
1983 Doctorate in International Law cum laude at the University of Caen (France).
It also helps create microfinancing opportunities for microenterprises, and provides training on credit qualification and management, with the poorest women and their families as the primary beneficiaries.
Principle 30: Restrictions on the effects of legislation on repentance related to the restoration of or transition to democracy and/or peace
35. Through its training and capacity-building programmes, the Centre has continued to work closely with UNDP, the World Bank and other organizations in areas such as municipal and metropolitan governance and urban management information systems, as well as with UNEP on training in environmental law.
Another area of cooperation between the Trade Point programme and ITC is training.
94. In response to an inquiry as to the final form or outcome envisaged with regard to the working paper, the sponsor delegation pointed out that it did not have a preconceived idea in that respect.
2. Requests the Commission to continue to explore the feasibility of using outside data sources for the next round of place-to-place surveys;
(a) Complementary communications 1 164 000
The Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.70 (resolution 52/209).
6.6.4.2.10 Portable tanks shall be designed and constructed with supports to provide a secure base during transport and with suitable lifting and tie-down attachments.
The application was received on 3 April; by 9 April the Court had met, heard legal argument, deliberated and handed down its Order (which was immediately available in print and upon the Court’s Web site).
385. The Committee commends the Government’s initiative to encourage women’s non-governmental organizations to participate in programmes to implement the Convention.
156. In the light of article 28, the Committee wishes to express its deep concern about the fact that primary education is not compulsory for all children.
Pupil retention programmes and vocational training for drop-outs should be encouraged.
The following new trust funds had no activity:
Two provinces, Helmand and Nangarhar, accounted for 73 per cent of total opium production in the country.
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
Work also continued under a UNDP-financed programme for the establishment and support of national SMI projects in several countries in the Balkans, the Caucasus and Central Asia.
2. Emphasizes the need to increase the efficiency of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control, See A/49/139-E/1994/57. as a tool to promote the coordination and enhancement of drug abuse control activities within the United Nations system;
In one case, for example, the resident auditor found that a lack of coordination between the then Department of Humanitarian Affairs and the Office of the Coordinator had resulted in the purchase of computers, excessive both in number and capacity, for administration of the programme.
(c) Identify traditional forest systems and promote their wider application;
The Council may also wish to request the Secretariat to provide additional information and analysis with regard to national assessments.
At its meeting held at Vienna from 4 to 6 September 1996, in which 11 agencies participated, the ACC Subcommittee on Drug Control continued to monitor the process of elaborating the United Nations System-Wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control, which will further enhance inter-agency cooperation in drug control.
35. In regard to the process of integrating information centres with field offices of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), many speakers agreed this should be done on a case-by-case basis, taking into consideration the views of the host country, with the understanding that the information functions and the autonomy of the centres would not be adversely affected.
3. Also requests the Secretary-General, in preparing a report in accordance with paragraph 2 of the present resolution:
“And yet Article 13, paragraph (1) (b), of the Charter, explicitly assigned responsibility for ‘assisting in the realization of human rights and fundamental freedoms’ to the General Assembly.
Thus, building on the considerable experience acquired in this field, UNDP has intensified its efforts to support all affected developing countries (see Annex 1).
During 1996-1997, the main care and maintenance programmes were in Africa (Côte d’Ivoire, Ethiopia, Ghana, the Great Lakes region, Guinea, Kenya and the Sudan).
The draft title currently being used, "special session of the General Assembly devoted to the fight against illicit production, sale, demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and related activities", derives from Assembly resolution 51/64, section IV. C. Date and duration
47. It was within the context of the Science and Technology Programme that a breakthrough was made in 1996 in solving the bacterial spot problem with peppers and tomatoes in Barbados and the eastern Caribbean.
3. The health insurance programme provides medical, hospital and dental services through different insurance plans.
Herzegovina-Neretva Canton was the only Canton not to have restructured its judiciary in line with the new system of the Federation.
Funds for reducing the socio-economic impact of HIV/AIDS have been exhausted, and at present UNDP is trying to mobilize additional resources to continue the effort against the epidemic.
Palestinian sources reported that 12 residents were injured during the confrontation with the settlers, and by IDF rubber bullets.
All rights and powers which are not referred to the confederal entity will reside with the two confederated States.
At the time of writing, the largest contribution had just been received, and four of the ten largest contributions were still outstanding, these four contributions amounting alone to 26 per cent of the 1997 budget.
The main types of the secretariat’s technical cooperation activities can be described as follows:
In paragraph 39 of the same report, the Advisory Committee reiterated its request that future budget reports on UNFICYP include all voluntary contributions and assistance provided by the Government of Cyprus.
The Committee on Contributions is a subsidiary organ of the General Assembly consisting of 18 members appointed by the Assembly in their individual capacity.
Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba [30]
The ACC task force on basic social services produced a comprehensive chart featuring indicators in this area.
270. With reference to paragraph 8 of the guidelines, the Committee requests the State party to provide information on ethnic groups' representation at the various levels of political life and the civil service and on their enjoyment of economic, social and cultural rights.
Situations of armed conflict and indiscriminate use of anti-personnel mines, particularly among civilian populations, have especially devastating consequences in this regard.
We have been and will continue to be in the forefront of the calls for opening negotiations for a nuclear weapons convention, so that this challenge can be dealt with in the same manner that we have dealt with the scourge of two other weapons of mass destruction: through the Biological Weapons Convention and the Chemical Weapons Convention.
It also welcomes efforts to implement the recommendations of the Kremnitzer Committee, which address questions of police violence, and of the Goldberg Committee regarding rules of evidence.
List of documents before the first session of the Conference of the Parties
The General Assembly, by its resolution 52/8 of 31 October 1997, appropriated $155,000,000 gross ($150,371,600 net) for the operation of the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola (MONUA) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.
H. Specialized agencies and other United Nations bodies
Eighteen low-income countries have extinguished $12.6 billion of the $18.2 billion of eligible principal and interest arrears due to commercial banks under the IDA Debt Reduction Facility, and more recently under the Brady Plan.
According to a report by the Palestinian Society for the Protection of Human Rights and the Environment, the factory pollution directly affects 144 dunums of prime agricultural land and causes substantial damage to the public health.23 The Israeli court has ordered some remedial action, including compensation to affected farmers, but the plant remains in operation.
They include, but are not limited to, specific policies, procedures, plans of organization (including separation of duties) and physical arrangements (such as locks and fire alarms).
“The Conference of the Parties noted that the Eastern European Group currently had only one Party to the Convention and it therefore decided that it would be appropriate not to leave the second Bureau seat, to which that regional group was entitled, empty at the present session, but rather to fill it.
Item 96 (b) of the provisional agendaA/53/150.
In West Africa, the eventual decision by ECOWAS countries to harmonize their policies and actions in Liberia was a key turning point in the peace process in that country.
Many killings are believed to be ethnically motivated. However, it is becoming more difficult to determine the real motive behind the murders.
In this illustration, the General Assembly decides to establish a programme to detect near-earth asteroids.
1. The present report is submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/90 of 12 December 1997, entitled “Strengthening the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme, particularly its technical cooperation capacity”.
No one shall participate, by act or failure to act where required, in violating human rights and fundamental freedoms, and no one shall be subjected to punishment or adverse action of any kind for refusing to do so.
173. Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods - Subcommittee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, seventeenth session [Economic and Social Council resolution 1989/104]
5. Informal Open-ended Working Group on An Agenda for Peace and/or its sub-groups [General Assembly resolution 47/120]
II. Nature and substance of the Guidelines for Internal Control Standards
27.8 Another objective is to provide organizational and technical secretariat support to multilateral bodies entrusted with deliberation and/or negotiations on disarmament issues, including the meetings of States parties and other international meetings related to multilateral disarmament agreements.
There will be a closed meeting of the Arab Group of the Whole (at the ambassadorial level) on Tuesday, 14 October 1997, at 3.30 p.m. in Conference Room 9.
(a) The establishment of an Office of Political Affairs with a total of five staff (two P-5 posts, one P-3 post and two General Service posts);
40. The Secretary-General will consider all viable alternatives in this connection and will keep the Committee on Conferences, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions and the General Assembly informed of progress in the development of a cost-accounting system for conference services.
Proposed publications for 1998-1999: informal note prepared by the UNCTAD secretariat.
4. Since 1970, more than 30 wars have been fought in Africa, the vast majority of them intra-State in origin.
51. The draft declaration annexed to the working paper did not concern international crimes in general, or the responsibility of States for those crimes; it was also not concerned with the criminal responsibility of individuals who committed the acts threatening the peace and security of mankind.
A/53/7/Add.1 15. Finally, the Advisory Committee believes that it would make for more clarity if section 34 of the programme budget were not entitled “Development Account”, a term which the Committee believes should be reserved for financing, accounting and auditing purposes.
The Centre will convene, support and follow up the meetings of an open-ended intergovernmental ad hoc committee on the drafting of the above-mentioned instrument and convention.
In explanation of their positions after the adoption of the resolution, statements were made by the representatives of Spain and Israel.
154. Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization (P.156).
The Government adopted, word for word, the legislation proposed and drafted with the support of the Team. Training was also provided to the Small Claims Tribunal Referees and Justices of the High Courts of Niue and Cook Islands.
Least developed countries’ share of world foreign investment was estimated at only 0.9 per cent in 1990 and 0.5 per cent in 1996.
9. In paragraph 12 of annex II.B to the performance report, over-expenditures for international staff salaries, but not common staff costs, amounted to$376,200 as a result of payments of retirement benefits to two international staff members.
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the related reports (A/52/696 and A/52/697) of that Committee.
2. Requests the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report on outsourcing practices, duly taking into account the reports of the Joint Inspection Unit5 and the Office of Internal Oversight Services,6 for consideration by the General Assembly at the main part of its fifty-third session.
II. Implementation, codification and progressive development of international law
A sustainable improvement in export performance requires not only productivity growth based on rising investment rates, but also policies that ensure that real wages do not increase faster than productivity growth, and that the exchange rate is maintained at a stable and competitive level.
Since June 1998, the number of abducted persons has increased.
That estimate, which is based on the apportioned shares of the States concerned from the inception of UNIFIL on 19 March 1978 to 30 June 1997, excludes $19.6 million in unpaid assessed contributions by China for the period from 25 October 1971 to 31 December 1981, which were transferred to a special account pursuant to General Assembly resolution 36/116 A.
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/679);
The Centre at Sydney, in cooperation with the Human Rights and Equal Opportunities Commission of Australia, organized a public forum to highlight the rights of the Palestinian people.
10. The Security Council, in its resolution 1120 (1997), endorsed the withdrawal plan of UNTAES set out in the report of the Secretary-General of 23 June 1997.
For 1999, as for 1998, the Advisory Committee was provided with detailed organizational charts of each organ of the Tribunal (see annex II to the present report).
52. The Conference of the Parties decided that an ad hoc open-ended inter-sessional working group be established to address the implementation of article 8 (j) and related provisions of the Convention.
First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty, kit cover released in English in November 1997, French and Spanish in February
In keeping with the Secretary-General’s desire, I intend to establish a dialogue with the representatives of UNCA so that we can work together to ensure the best possible working conditions for UNCA’s membership.
In order to restore the dignity of victims, families and human rights advocates, these investigations shall be conducted with the object of securing recognition of such parts of the truth as were formerly constantly denied.
I underline that such violations occur on almost a daily basis.
10. Statement on behalf of Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme
In another development in Gaza, an estimated 1,000 Palestinians from the Fatah and Hamas demonstrated against Israel as part of protests to mark the fiftieth anniversary of Al-Naqba (the Catastrophe), that is, the creation of the State of Israel.
1. Paragraph 2 of Article 24 of the Convention to Combat Desertification (CCD) provides that: "The Conference of the Parties shall establish and maintain a roster of independent experts with expertise and experience in the relevant fields.
It focused on five sets of issues, i.e. reasons for concluding bilateral investment treaties; issues addressed by bilateral investment treaties; experience with the application of bilateral investment treaties; the role of bilateral investment treaties in the development of national law and standards of international law; and the development dimensions.
23. Reaffirming the provisions of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and the Declaration and Plan of Action of the World Summit for Children, the two organizations, including the subsidiary organization ISESCO, rededicated their efforts to ensure the survival, protection and well-being of children in the Islamic world, and adopted a resolution on child care and protection in the Islamic world.
Item 66. Letter dated 10 August 1992 from the Permanent Representative of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24401);
(c) The official holidays not mandated by the General Assembly shall be determined by the Secretary-General at Headquarters, and by the head of office at other duty stations, after staff consultation.
The Committee expresses concern that Revolutionary Command Council Decree No. 115 of 25 August 1994 violates the provisions of article 6, paragraph 2, of the Covenant, which restricts the application of the death penalty to the "most seriouscrimes", by stipulating that the death penalty will be imposed on persons who have evaded military service several times, and that it contains retroactive provisions, contrary to article 15 of the Covenant.
2.1 With regard to the bilateral and subregional transit agreements, several experts agreed that the current arrangements to implement these agreements were not very effective and that new mechanisms had to be devised to monitor and enforce their implementation.
DGAACS Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services
However, a number of States returned the questionnaire without attempting to answer any of the questions, while some returned incomplete answers, which made it difficult to assess the extent of implementation.
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.42).
The representative acknowledged that, despite the introduction of these and other policies designed to respond to the current socio-political and economic changes, structural inequalities persisted.
9. In paragraph 13 of his progress report of 24 December 1996 (S/1996/1067) to the Security Council on standby arrangements for peacekeeping, the Secretary-General had stated:
(ii) Duration: 20 working days per year (two two-week sessions per year), encompassing 80 meetings (reflects capacity for parallel meetings);
144. The Committee endorsed the recommendation of the Subcommittee that the Secretariat should be requested to prepare, within existing resources, a list of international agreements and other legal documents relevant to activities in outer space, and where they might be found, as a working document for Member States.
Appreciating the establishment of a Trust Fund by the World Bank to assist in the efforts to resolve the year 2000 problem and the voluntary contributions made to it by the member States,
For example, a toxin has recently been discovered in marine sponges which can be modified to produce an anti-cancer drug.
Latinoamericanos [XXXIV(I)] ILAFA Latin American Iron and Steel Institute
(e) Information on domestic legislation currently in force and on international treaties to which their country is a party, outlawing mercenary activities and the use of mercenaries, together with observations on their Government’s position regarding the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries, adopted by the General Assembly on 4 December 1989;
To that end, the subprogramme will promote the implementation by Governments and by regional and international organizations active in drug control of the international drug control strategy embodied in the Global Programme of Action, the international drug control conventions and the outcome of the twentieth special session of the General Assembly.
Between 1710 and 1730 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar and Shaqra from their positions at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal and Tall Ya`qub.
An investigation of 1,492 establishments in 31 Malaysian industries found that price-cost-margins increased with seller concentration, advertising intensity, export opportunities, competition from imports and capital intensity.
The systematic approach to training applied by the TRAINMAR programme, combined with other experience in information exchange, systems development and networking, would provide a basis for training initiatives in all sectors.
In its resolution 904 (1994) of 18 March 1994, the Security Council, by consensus, called upon Israel, the occupying Power, to continue to take and implement measures, including, inter alia, confiscation of arms, with the aim of preventing illegal acts of violence by Israeli settlers.
2. The Fifth Committee considered the question of gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities, under item 112 in conjunction with item 119, entitled “Human resources management”, at its 3rd, 5th and 8th meetings, on 5, 7 and 15 October 1998.
The $1 million obligation was fully utilized during the current reporting period.
7. The Agenda highlighted the importance of reversing the overall decline in flows of official development assistance (ODA) and of achieving internationally agreed ODA targets as soon as possible.
2. Improving the technical basis of control
The Minister for Foreign Affairs or the Minister responsible for francophone affairs of the host country of the Summit shall be its President for one year before and one year following the Summit.
This temporary returnee status will make it easier for assisted returnees to have access to rights and benefits while they wait for their identification and other documents.
4. Requests the Secretary-General, within existing resources, to provide assistance to the Central Asian States in the preparation of the form and elements of an agreement on the establishment of a nuclear-weapon-free zone in Central Asia;
24. In accordance with the General Assembly request that there be a reduction in the number and size of documents, it was agreed that reports of recommendations made to the General Assembly (rule 22) should contain only those statements cogent to the final recommendations.
The estimate provides for 166 local staff and includes a vacancy factor of 5 per cent.
A/AC.241/31 Review of the situation as regards extrabudgetary funds
Since 1996, the payment of assessed contributions has decreased considerably.
Also, despite a massive public information campaign on the property legislation undertaken by the international community, there is still confusion about the process, particularly in the Republika Srpska and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, where many refugees and displaced persons currently reside.
Reaffirming that any use of nuclear weapons would be a violation of the Charter of the United Nations and a crime against humanity, as declared in its resolutions 1653 (XVI) of 24 November 1961, 33/71 B of 14 December 1978, 34/83 G of 11 December 1979, 35/152 D of 12 December 1980 and 36/92 I of 9 December 1981,
2. The matters relative to the maintenance of international peace and security that have been discussed during the period since the notification to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session (A/52/392) are as follows:
PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND ANNOTATIONS, INCLUDING SUGGESTIONS FOR THE ORGANIZATION OF WORK
The high level of contamination and salinity of the water in Gaza also gives rise to water-borne diseases.
Administration, Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
3. The Trade and Development Board, at its forty-third session in October 1996, agreed to "set out the strategy and to consider the plan for 1997 and the subsequent two years at the executive session of the Board early in 1997".
Decision 1 (52) on the Democratic Republic of the Congo 15
The present report contains background information, a status report on the first six plans of action, and two additional plans of action.
Letter dated 16 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of the Federated States of Micronesia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the communiqué of the twenty-ninth South Pacific Forum, held at Palikir, Pohnpei, Federated States of Micronesia, on 24 and 25 August 1998 (A/53/416)
To facilitate the elimination of illicit crop production, UNDCP will continue to support the programme initiated in Lebanon, where UNDCP has succeeded with UNDP in establishing a regional umbrella development aimed at the revitalization of the Bekaa region as part of the overall reconstruction and development effort of the country.
AFICS/Moscow stressed the urgent need to find a solution, given the age of the majority of these pensioners and the desperate situation they faced, having been denied any benefit from their participation in the Fund.
A total of 15 Lebanese civilians who had taken refuge in a local church were killed by shelling from Israeli artillery.
24. The Board welcomed the initiative announced in June 1998 for the coordinating action on small arms, as it highlighted the link between security/disarmament and development and met the need for coordination in the United Nations with respect to small arms.
75. Studies on the economic cost of drug abuse to society and to individuals have been reported by four countries, two in Europe, one in the Americas and one in Asia.
(a) Determining the economic and social framework 6
V. CO-OPERATION WITH RELEVANT INTERNATIONAL 38 - 46 10 ORGANIZATIONS
28. The security of United Nations personnel is directly linked to the strength of political support for the peace process, primarily by the parties but also by the international community.
Any communication received after that date will be issued as an addendum to the present report.
The Assembly thus concluded its consideration of all the reports of the Third Committee before it. PREPARATORY COMMITTEE
29. The parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the Foundation is an entity established under United States law and separate and distinct from the United Nations and that it shall not be considered, for any purposes whatsoever, as having a legal status connected with or dependent upon the United Nations.
4. In addition to the audit of the accounts and financial transactions, the Board carried out reviews under regulation 12.5 of the financial procedures, the internal financial controls and, in general, the administration and management of peacekeeping operations.
The some 260,000 Burundi refugees in the United Republic of Tanzania constitute the region’s largest single refugee group.
Amnesty, the symbol of freedom, was more and more seen as a kind of “insurance on impunity” with the emergence, then proliferation, of “self—amnesty” laws proclaimed by declining military dictatorships anxious to arrange their own impunity while there was still time.
Its primary objective is to create a better understanding of issues among its participants, and thereby promote dialogue and confidence.
THIRD COMMITTEE 48th, 49th and 50th meetings
19. In addition, the audit disclosed that three of the latter group were granted promotions to the next higher grade level (two in the Professional and higher categories, one in the General Service category) during their extended period of service as retirees.
The draft resolution on item 25 in document GC.7/CRP.3/Add.1 was adopted for recommendation to the plenary.The meeting rose as 11.25 a.m.
84. There is a need to clarify the role of the Ministry of Justice in relation to the working of the courts.
Reaffirming that effective action to prevent further violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms must be a central and integral element of the overall Rwandan and United Nations responses to the situation in Rwanda and that a strengthened human rights component is indispensable to national reconciliation and reconstruction in Rwanda,
Expansion of evaluation activities will be encouraged, particularly strategic, thematic and independent evaluation of selected programmes.
204. The Council of the University, its governing body, held its forty-fourth session in Tokyo from 1 to 5 December 1997.
The Committee is deeply concerned that all government power in Iraq is concentrated in the hands of an executive which is not subject to scrutiny or accountability, either politically or otherwise.
83. United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East .
Convention on the Safety of the United Nations and Associated Personnel, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 9 December 1994
It was considered that the linkage of the Special Initiative with the New Agenda needed to be qualitatively strengthened.
The General Assembly, in its resolutions 50/208 of 23 December 1995, 51/216 of 18 December 1996 and 52/216 of 22 December 1997, had requested CCISUA and FICSA to resume their participation in the work of ICSC in a spirit of cooperation and non-confrontation; the Assembly took note of the establishment by the Commission of the Working Group.
It requested that efforts be intensified in that respect, in particular as regards the orientation and advocacy role of the Secretary-General, the follow-up and catalytic role of the Office of the Special Coordinator for Africa and the Least Developed Countries and the operational role of UNDP and ECA.
Detailed justifications and job descriptions for these additional posts are shown in annex V.
45. IWHC supports non-governmental organizations that provide and advocate national health services in Bangladesh, Brazil, Cameroon, Chile, Indonesia, Nigeria and the Philippines and undertakes global programmes to promote women’s reproductive and sexual rights and health.
133. The Commission thus felt that although it did not submit to the General Assembly formal recommendations on post adjustment classifications, including at the base, the Assembly nevertheless exercised effective control through the margin mechanism, not only over the level of post adjustment and consequently the net remuneration at the base but also at all other duty stations.
All funds, programmes and agencies of the United Nations development system were urged to identify measurable targets for strengthening their monitoring and evaluation capabilities, to incorporate those targets in plans to implement Assembly resolution 50/120, and to cooperate in the development of monitoring and evaluation methodologies.
(c) The Mercure registration with the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization (INTELSAT) and the service agreement between UNEP and the Kenya Post and Telecommunications Corporation were signed only on 21 April 1998, although the project was expected to be fully operational by May 1996;
7. The General Assembly, in paragraph 10 of resolution 52/206, supported the idea of UNITAR becoming a partner of the agencies and bodies of the United Nations system with respect to their training and capacity-building programmes in Member States.
Between 2030 and 2125 hours two Israeli helicopters flew along the course of the Litani River at medium altitude.
Each organization is asked to base its appraisal on: (a) the annual work plan of the resident coordinator system; (b) the achievement of the resident coordinator system in the previous year; (c) the agreed competency framework, which defines the competencies required for successful coordination; and (d) the resident coordinator’s job description, which is currently under development.
Of the NGOs cooperating with IFAD, approximately 49% are working in sub-Saharan African countries, compared with 28% in Latin America and the Caribbean, 19% in Asia and the Pacific and 4% in the Near East and North Africa.
In particular, the analysis identifies a number of missions which, owing to the large volume of their aviation activities, require the services of both an air operations officer and an air safety officer; other missions with a smaller number of aircraft could effectively carry out those functions with a suitably qualified individual having the combined function of air operations/air safety officer.
1. In accordance with the decision taken by the Sub-Commission on 5 August 1997, a sessional working group of the Sub-Commission on the administration of justice held its first meeting on 6 August 1997.
For Non-Governmental Organizations Committee on Disarmament read NGO Committee on Disarmament
Rapid advances in communications and information technology are changing the way we package, transmit and consume information today.
Participants discussed issues such as the United Nations system and the possible functions of a permanent forum; the mandate, level and composition of a permanent forum; and participation and membership.
The Central American people will be the beneficiaries of this new stage in the integration process which we are promoting.
However, despite improvements in labour and commodity flows, as well as marginal reductions in unemployment and underemployment, per capita income levels registered further declines in 1997.
Mexico believes that the issue of small arms and illicit trafficking in such arms should be given a prominent place in the context of the process of general and complete disarmament, while bearing in mind that in the Final Document of the first special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament, held in 1978, the international community gives priority to the total elimination of nuclear weapons.
2. Market access and entry conditions 60-65
With regard to the requirement of citizenship, which was found by the Committee to be discriminatory, the Constitutional Court was not expected to address this issue in the near future, since no formal claim to have its validity tested had been filed.
28 Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia, Survey of Economic and Social Developments in the ESCWA Region, 1997-1998 (to be issued shortly).
47. Although the Government denied it, children were a strong presence in the ranks of the Congolese armed forces, as brought out by the death of a member of the local Red Cross at the hands of a 13-year-old soldier who was sentenced to death and later pardoned.
An account of the Committee’s discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.3/53/SR.42–50).
336. The Committee is deeply concerned about the situation of women workers.
Those topics are of general interest and relevance to all the regions.
A/50/763 (Financing of the Palestinian Police Force).
The current basic eligibility criterion for the funding of the participation of a Party is that its per capita gross domestic product was $ 5,500 or less in 1994.
74. The Fifth Asian and Pacific Ministerial Conference on Social Development organized by the Economic Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) at Manila in November 1997 reviewed progress made towards poverty alleviation in the ESCAP region.
The Centre at Tokyo arranged interviews for the Education Director of UNRWA, with Yomiuri Shinbun and The Japan Times.
Even the smallest soil sample contains billions of micro-organisms, of which microbiologists will have characterized less than 5 per cent.
42. The action to be taken by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-second session in connection with the financing of UNFICYP is as follows:
Agenda item 54 (Implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations)
However, of the approximately USD60 billion increase in 1996, only about USD14 billion went to low income countries.
2. The Special Committee considered the question at its 1487th meeting, on 29 June 1998.
Page ANNEX Letter dated 14 August 1998 from Mr. Aytuğ Plümer
The series of world conferences and summits have articulated an emerging consensus on various policy issues, but fundamental to national progress is the institutional and managerial capacity to formulate and implement national strategies and programmes.
163. In response to the inappropriate mix of personnel, FALD management instituted a series of changes shortly after the 1995 inspection.
To achieve this purpose, the lessons of the impact evaluation conducted in the context of the present triennial policy review should be incorporated, as appropriate, in improving current methods.
480. This year, the Max Planck Institute in Heidelberg, Germany, applied and was accepted as one of the participating universities.
Thirty-eight per cent of the retirees engaged were female.
There is increasing recognition of the fact that mankind constitutes a single unit which cannot remain indifferent to a threat from any of its constituent parts.
55. Implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations (item 55).
42. As the mission downsized, the plan to have the vehicles refurbished by the UNPF liquidation staff was re-evaluated and it was apparent that this task could not be accomplished without jeopardizing the liquidation process and the time line.
A provision of $10,200 would provide for the replacement of broken furniture as follows: 100 typist chairs ($4,000), 250 folding chairs ($5,000) and 10 executive chairs ($1,200).
The space leased was based on the space that had been occupied for the previous 10 years.
Delegations are encouraged to request the formal inscription, at least 48 hours prior to the meeting, of specific items they would like to raise in the Committee, keeping in mind the detailed list of topics adopted by the Committee in 1982 (see document A/49/46, paragraph 5).
It is recommended that the Government reconsider its policies with a view to facilitating family reunion of all citizens and permanent residents.
During a stopover visit by the Secretary-General in mid-May 1998, the Government of the Sudan agreed to allow an assessment mission in rebel-held areas.
13. The agreement between the United Nations and the United Nations Foundation, Inc. was signed at United Nations Headquarters on 12 June 1998.
8.10 "Secretariat" means the permanent secretariat designated by the Conference of the Parties in accordance with Article 8, paragraph 3 of the Convention.
272. On 27 October, Israel released 22 Palestinian prisoners as part of a deal reached with Jordan.
In that regard, the Special Committee decided to consider the guidelines at its plenary meetings with a view to amending them further, where appropriate (see A/AC.109/L.1886).
64. Under agenda item 10, the Council adopted resolutions 1998/3 to 1998/6 and decisions 1998/213 and 1998/214.
The range of incentives to FDI, and the number of countries that offer incentives, have increased considerably in the past decade.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives;
MICIVIH has continued to urge the appointment of a special prosecutor for police crimes and abuses.
Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations
(f) In the light of budgetary constraints, what are the priority areas where government involvement and support is needed to augment export oriented food processing?
277. The Committee recommends that the State party provide in its next report detailed information on the implementation of articles 4 to 7 of the Convention to supplement and update the still incomplete information given in the fourteenth report.
In this respect, UNFPA was the sole UNDG agency to request in writing that the paper be revised to include criteria to evaluate the quality and cost-effectiveness of services provided by sister United Nations agencies and to include the principle of accountability of service providers to service recipients.
VII. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1998 Map
Provision is made for miscellaneous claims and adjustments ($50,000).
Moreover, improvements in technology and the promotion of awareness among Maldivians of the quality and standard of processing of catches had allowed post-harvest losses to be kept to a minimum.
In explanation of vote after the vote, statements were made by the representatives of Canada, Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), South Africa, New Zealand, Israel, Turkey, Ghana and Argentina.
The figures in the annex suggest that the main reasons for the postponements were programmatic and shortages of anticipated extrabudgetary resources.
II. Steps undertaken by the Secretariat to expedite the preparation of supplements to the Repertory of practice of United Nations Organs
5. Consideration of the questions mentioned in General Assembly resolution 52/161 of 15 December 1997, in accordance with the mandate of the Special Committee as set out in that resolution.
The actions taken by the General Assembly at its resumed fifty-second session are set out in paragraph 16 of the report.
Smart material types include piezoelectric polymers, conductive polymers, piezoelectric and electrostrictive ceramics, electrorheological fluids, magnetorheological fluids, electrochromic coatings, magnetostrictive materials, micromachined integrated devices, and biomimetic polymers and gels, shape memory alloys and polymers.
“17. Reiterates its concern about the use of suppliers recommended by requisitioners and, noting that this practice undermines the principle of segregation of responsibilities between requesting and procurement entities, requests the Secretary-General to discontinue the practice”
The Committee welcomes the timely submission of the fourth periodic report of Uruguay and takes note of the useful information contained in the report concerning recent legislative changes.
D. Measurement, reporting and communication of information
As an independent agency which enjoys administrative and financial autonomy, the Board is responsible for promoting and enforcing the rules of free competition in order to stimulate economic efficiency and enhance consumer welfare.
At the national level: this includes the ministries of agriculture and environment, the research institutes, universities and the bodies concerned with desertification.
For their part, the partners expressed their determination to contribute to the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.
It recognizes that 100 per cent compliance is a prerequisite for a performance-based reward system as well as effective staff development and training.
Against an original estimated average cost of $7,850 per month, actual requirements thus far indicate an estimated average cost of $16,670 per month.
7. A proposal was made to the effect that resolution 267 (III), with its updated annex and any agreed additional decisions deemed procedural, should be recommended to the Security Council for adoption and incorporation into its rules of procedure.
The Committee was also informed that the overpayment was made as a result of the erroneous application of mission subsistence allowance rules in regard to several components of mission subsistence allowance entitlement, for example, compensatory time off, the 1.5 day accrued mission subsistence allowance credit and weekends and holidays taken during leave.
7. In its resolution 37/30 of 23 November 1982, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to initiate consultations with all parties directly concerned, with a view to exploring avenues for achieving a comprehensive settlement of the problem, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its thirty-eighth session.
International cooperation with, inter alia, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and the United Nations Children's Fund can be sought to this effect.
However, it is seldom that all members of the private sector are represented in this dialogue.
ENGLISH ORIGINAL: FRENCH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL
The European Bank for Reconstruction and Development and the World Bank are also heavily involved in the development of links in the Central Asian republics.
This was followed by the export of military equipment and helicopters, despite the embargo ordered by the United Nations in 1997.
Pursuant to that decision, the IAEA Board of Governors approved two projects which are being implemented though the International Centre for Theoretical Physics (ICTP), in Trieste, Italy.
Recalling article 24, paragraph 1, of the Convention, which provides that the Conference of the Parties shall decide, at its first session, on the terms of reference of the Committee on Science and Technology,
6.6.4.5.7 Each connection on a portable tank shall be clearly marked to indicate its function.
The personnel service at the United Nations Office at Geneva undertook its own review of the time required for recruitment during 1995 and noted that it took between 68 and 87 weeks to fill a Professional post through an internal placement or promotion and between 86 and 99 weeks for an external vacancy.
It takes into account the application of an environmental condition factor of 1 per cent.
Statements were made by representatives of eight Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
A documentary on biological weapons, entitled “Secrets in the sand”, was released in the reporting period, and to date has been broadcast in scores of countries.
This decrease is attributable to the discontinuance of mission subsistence allowance arising from the conversion of the Base to an established duty station; fewer renovation projects under premises and the transfer of some maintenance services to general temporary assistance; and the change to systems contracting for spare parts for refurbishment of vehicles, communications and other equipment already at the Base.
DPI Department of Public Information DPKO Department of Peacekeeping Operations
As of October 1996, approximately 800 addicts were receiving heroin, 200 methadone (intravenously), approximately 40 buprenorphine (orally), and 39 morphine (intravenously or orally).
The realignment of the salary scale discussed in paragraphs 67 to 68 above would therefore be a less relevant issue if the German civil service were to be the comparator.
The documents before the AG13 at its fifth session are listed in annex I below.
The services of an international expert in disaster planning and management will be made available for a minimum period of one year to assist in all aspects of economic and social planning for disaster management.
He had therefore thought it wise to submit the document for comment to the International Law Commission, in order that the Sub—Commission might work on it in the following year.
346. The Committee recommends that the State party’s next periodic report, due on 4 January 1998, be an updating report and that it address all the points raised in these concluding observations and during the consideration of the report.
Suffice it to say that these Greek Cypriot charges are nothing more than a propaganda ploy which is based on fabrication and misinformation.
The experts pointed towards increasing restrictiveness in refugee and asylum policies in both developed and developing countries and underscored the need to rethink some elements of refugee and asylum regimes in the light of recent developments.
The European Union did not find them effective for the development process.
(e) No reclassification of the post of the Deputy Chief of the Investment Management Service from the P-5 to the D-1 level nor of the post of Executive Officer of the Fund from the P-4 to the P-5 level;
This relationship was an important issue, to which discussion under agenda item 3 would devote special attention in an informal debate and discussion, as well as in the plenary meetings.
To this end, thorough study and regular monitoring of local markets and overall conditions must be an integral part of the planning and implementation processes;
In response to a government request, UNCTAD has prepared a detailed budget of activities in this field to be undertaken in 1997, identified five experts in countries that already have competition legislation and competition authorities, and submitted their candidacies to the Task Force for consideration.
Therefore, the Secretary-General invites States that have not become a party to the Conventions to give consideration to ratifying or acceding to them.
Report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (S/1997/953 and Add.1)
9. The following pledges were received as at 31 July 1998.
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
Delegations wishing to be inscribed on the list of speakers for the general debate relating to agenda item 88 are kindly requested to notify the Secretariat (room S-3380, tel: 963-9223).
22. Voluntary contributions in kind (non-budgeted)
6.6.2.2.6 Contact between dissimilar metals which could result in damage by galvanic action shall be avoided.
ICAO International Civil Aviation Organization
We also lost a potential for enrichment through their contribution to the social, creative, cultural and emotional dimensions of society.
As clients established reliable credit histories, they could apply for progressively larger loans.
In 1997, a large number of Bengali children were deported to India from Saudi Arabia, where they had been taken on the pretence that they would visit Mecca. Instead they remained in the country, forced to beg every day from the many pilgrims there.
It was calculated not only to kill Israelis, but to derail the peace process as well.
7. Development and transfer of technologies.
The objectives should be tailored to fit the specific operations in each activity while being consistent with the overall internal control objectives, similar to those presented in paragraph 7 above, which would be set forth by a central department/ ministry or through legislation.
According to reports by international information agencies, a series of nuclear explosions was conducted in Pakistan on 28 May 1998.
The Special Committee was informed, however, that medical doctors were allowed to pass through checkpoints without an entry permit during internal closures of the West Bank, upon presentation of a card indicating that they were employed by a medical establishment.
It was observed that monitoring and evaluation were an essential task which, however, also had significant resource implications.
Vice-President of the twentieth extraordinary session of the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) (Rome, August-September 1973).
This conforms to the trend reported by Caribbean countries for 1994-1995 and confirms the clear upward trend in heroin trafficking in that area.
Decision: The draft resolution (S/1997/997) received 15 votes in favour, none against, and no abstentions, and was adopted unanimously as resolution 1146 (1997).
Annex Moscow Declaration on Establishing a Creative Partnership between Japan and the Russian Federation
The fifty-third session of the General Assembly should express deep concern at the present conflict situations in many parts of the world that could endanger international peace and security and international cooperation.
(i) General-purpose and special-purpose funds
(h) to contract with Inter Press Service (IPS) to produce 12 feature articles prior to the COP and to provide daily coverage of CCD meetings;
As a compromise, might trial in absentia not be admitted only after it has been legally established that cooperation has been refused?
10. Attachment VIII to document A/C.5/52/45 shows in tabular form the changes proposed by the United Nations on the arrangements concerning the ITC budgetary process and the differences of revised arrangements proposed by WTO and the United Nations.
The Special Representative commends the efforts by the Rwandan military to correct, redress and prevent the recurrence of such violations.
As the secretariat is requested to provide information on such topics in the future, it may be necessary to update the roster with additional nominees.
This new technology will be particularly effective in the translation of repetitive material, which represents 10 to 15 per cent of total documentation.
Palestinian Council member Sa’eb Erekat called for an international inquiry committee to be set up to investigate the incident, while Dr. Ahmed Tibi stated that the policy of “trigger-happiness” had returned.
In some countries, treatment is exclusively provided in psychiatric hospitals or wards.
UNESCO continued to cooperate with IRCICA and other subsidiary bodies of OIC, and to provide assistance to OIC member States through UNESCO participation programme.
50. In addition to expanding its air operations, WFP continued to explore other, more cost-effective means of delivering food aid.
Necessary guidelines should be issued to all requesting organizations and departments.
Item 55 of the provisional agenda A/53/150.
Requests for the extradition of members of the military high command, in the context of the Raboteau investigation, were reportedly rejected by recipient countries on legal grounds.
7. The draft resolution proposed by the Chairman was adopted without a vote.
Tension in Kashmir has reached alarming proportions.
It will ensure harmonized action by United Nations agencies and programmes, promote cooperation with other concerned international organizations, particularly the international financial institutions, and facilitate dialogue and cooperation among Governments at the subregional, regional and global levels.
This modality, which was introduced in 1983, has proved to be one of the most important means of promoting TCDC.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.45
- Ensuring the compatibility of Slovakia with the EU in the field of information systems and databases;
Governments should also introduce effective strategies for the implementation of the outcomes of the United Nations global conferences, in particular, the Fourth World Conference on Women.
However, strong views were also expressed that human rights continued to be a cross-cutting issue throughout the United Nations system.
The individual organizations will continue to report internally to their governing bodies regarding year 2000 compliance.
New editions of Image & Reality and UN in Brief emphasize the reform measures, while providing an increased profile to system-wide priorities.
As a result of the beatings, he fell to the ground.
36. Abortion prevention and the treatment of complications resulting from abortion is a sensitive issue in most countries.
Rule 5 of the draft rules of procedure, as applied, provides that "the secretariat shall notify all Parties of the dates and venue of a session at least two months before the session is held" (FCCC/CP/1996/2).
181. The representative emphasized that, although much had been achieved, women in Panama still faced gender discrimination and negative cultural attitudes continued to reinforce the subordination of women.
(a) The prevention of negative impacts from future El Niño events must be the highest priority in international disaster management.
6.6.3.3.3 For steels exhibiting a clearly defined yield point or characterized by a guaranteed proof strength (0.2% proof strength, generally, or 1% proof strength for austenitic steels) the primary membrane stress σ (sigma) in the shell shall not exceed 0.75 Re or 0.50 Rm, whichever is lower, at the test pressure, where:
297. The view was expressed that the system-wide medium-term plan was ambitious, setting longer-term goals.
One speaker, addressing the Committee on behalf of a large group, as well as a number of other speakers, reiterated that they attached the highest priority to the realization of the establishment of new, more just and effective global information and communication practices, based on a free and balanced flow of information, in a world where disparities in technological advances and the gap between the developed and developing countries were widening.
44. The question of security training for all staff members and dependants serving in the field was discussed extensively and is a matter of utmost priority.
It took note of the plans of the secretariat to make use of the roster for preparing reports on technology and technology transfer by, inter alia, the seventh session.
36. The 1999 resource requirements of the Office of the Prosecutor amount to $33,115,200 gross ($28,392,400 net of staff assessment), reflecting an increase of $11,798,900 gross over the 1998 appropriation of $21,316,300 gross.
No new courses were introduced during the reporting period.
These practices were contrasted with the use of efficiency reviews designed to achieve savings, notably in support services and in the political programmes.
Those activities will be grouped around the important cross-sectoral issues identified by the ECE Plan of Action, namely, collection of information about market trends and prospects, promotion of sustainable development and policies of privatization and restructuring.
In this context, the leaders reviewed developments with respect to the efforts being made by the United States, the major sponsor of the peace process, to restart the process.
The Preparatory Committee, reaffirming the importance of the participation of non-governmental organizations and the involvement of civil society in the implementation of and follow-up to the Copenhagen Declaration on Social Development4 and Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development:5
The Committee believes that the need to maintain a reserve at this level should be reviewed.
Country: Spain Fiscal year: 1 January–31 December 1997
As a component of the project, and in collaboration with the Caribbean Centre for Development Administration, the Department of Economic and Social Affairs will organize a workshop for all the representatives of public administration systems at the central and local government levels and civil society entities working in association with the public service of English- and Dutch-speaking multi-island States of the Caribbean.
Principle 10: Operation of the commissions
United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)d
Counts by nationality and by age group are closest to the baseline, since the recording of retirees under different nationalities or in different age groups is not likely to occur.
The report is timely because it coincides with the conclusion of the negotiations conducted in the World Trade Organization by the Group on Basic Telecommunications.
Light vehicles: 3.8 litres x 26 vehicles x $0.35 x 365 days
75. Concerning the first objective of his visit, in his discussions with the Government, the Special Representative raised several specific issues concerning the rights, protection and welfare of children affected by the conflict in the Sudan.
33. Notes, in that context, that the Department of Public Information intends to contact Member States in order to ascertain their preparedness to provide technical facilities for the pilot project and to include that information in the report mentioned in paragraph 32 above;
The convicts were allegedly charged with an armed robbery committed on 1 April 1994.
On 23 July, two CN-235 aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the northern Nicosia flight information region.
The agenda was adopted without objection.
1. Opening of the meeting and adoption of the agenda.
Access to adequate credit and finance facilities might be provided by governments or technical assistance projects, or in tandem with the appropriate international funding agencies.
3. Requests the administering Power to elaborate, in consultation with the territorial Government, programmes specifically intended to alleviate the economic, social and environmental consequences of the closure of the military bases and installations of the United States of America in the Territory;
(v) Under “Add the following resolutions” insert
There exists one State in Cyprus, the Republic of Cyprus, established under international agreements, with its fundamental rights to independence, sovereignty and territorial integrity.
For this reason, research continues into the techniques known as atomic vapour laser isotope separation (AVLIS) and molecular laser isotope separation (MLIS), both in the United States and elsewhere.
61. Further, the Special Rapporteur recommends that an independent inquiry be held into the circumstances of the deaths of Mr. Nichols in June 1996 and of U Thein in February 1998, while detained in Insein Prison, in the light of any evidence that may be gathered from fellow prisoners and prison officials and, indeed any other persons, so that action may be taken against the individuals who may have been responsible for their deaths or harsh treatment.
The Committee stressed the importance and necessity of further improving and integrating evaluation into the cycle of programme planning, budgeting and monitoring with a view to improving and strengthening programme formulation and implementation.
As this did not take place, India was obliged to stand aside from the emerging regime so that its freedom of action was not constrained.
The draft text deals with the prospecting and exploration for polymetallic nodules, one of three types of minerals to be found in the Area, having economically attractive metal contents of copper, nickel, cobalt and manganese.
The Panel recalls that the burden of providing evidence in support of the workers’ claims lies with Egypt.
3. It is important to bear in mind that the status of permanent member provided for in the Charter was not conferred by election.
In continuing the urgent effort that is required to bring about direct talks between the two leaders in Cyprus to negotiate an overall settlement, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General will be required to travel frequently during the forthcoming period.
The text negotiated by the INCD describes five functions, entailing 26 tasks, to be performed by the GM in pursuit of its mission:
Several countries have changed their legislation, and have taken additional measures to prevent or stop racial or otherwise motivated discrimination.
Furthermore, in keeping with the Secretary-General’s call for a communications culture to permeate all activities of the Organization, the Department will seek to ensure that the communications function is placed at the heart of strategic management of the Organization.”
21. Voluntary contributions in kind (budgeted)
At the request of ICSC for more time, the General Assembly extended this date to 1 January 1998.
Such attacks are unconscionable and undermine the basic conditions of humanitarian assistance.
As you know, Pakistan took the lead at the United Nations in proposing a nuclear-weapon-free zone in South Asia.
26. The Special Rapporteur notes that Sandline International is not the first security services and military advice and assistance company to operate in the country.
The most important result of this collaboration has been the publication of a book entitled La economía cubana: Reformas estructurales y desempeño económico en los noventa, which analyses the impact of the economic, trade and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America on Cuban economic realities.
Bringing new regulatory questions under international discussion, for example, depends on acceptance of the issue by one of the existing committees or establishment of a new ad hoc arrangement. Also, IMF surveillance of implementation is necessarily less intense than a peer review mechanism of regulators, such as might be undertaken among BIS-member banking authorities.
This in-depth examination disclosed irregularities in the contractual arrangements for air charters and the procurement of office furniture and equipment.
26. The various technical aspects of the process of determining the proportionate share were the subject of discussions involving the Fund's Consulting Actuary, the Rapporteur of the Committee of Actuaries, the Consulting Actuary to WTO and the Secretary of the Board.
But, unlike what we are doing today, there was no similar attempt to prepare developing countries.
Attempts to impose taxes on NGOs and the Government’s refusal to grant travel permits further constrained humanitarian activities in areas controlled by SPLM.
The recent sharp increase in the prices of rice, fish and vegetables has caused a further deterioration in the food situation.
(a) The Charter of the United Nations was signed on 26 June 1945 and came into force on 24 October 1945.
Seventy per cent (70%) are fifty (50) years or older.
(b) As to the general background of implementation of these restraining orders, it is also contended that starting in the night of 25 June 1998, NLD-elected members of parliament in different parts of Myanmar, excluding Yangon, have been restrained by township judicial authorities who acted jointly with the police officials in those townships;
In accordance with General Assembly resolution 44/192 A, voluntary contributions made as outright grants, both in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, shall be considered income to be credited to the special account for each peacekeeping operation except UNIFIL.
On 16 and 17 September 1982 Israeli forces and militia collaborating with them carried out a massacre in which 800 Palestinian refugees were killed.
Following the successful conclusion of the World Solar Summit, the Director-General of UNESCO officially informed the Secretary-General and the executive heads of the concerned agencies and programmes of the United Nations system, of the results of the Summit.
It also recommended to the IMO Council and to the Trade and Development Board of UNCTAD that they consider favourably, on the basis of the useful work done so far, proposing to the General Assembly of the United Nations the convening of a diplomatic conference to consider and adopt a convention on arrest of ships on the basis of the work done by the joint Group (see the Report of the Joint Group, annex I).
The Department addressed those recommendations in varying degrees and generally improved the performance of the Department in the reporting period.
The Board considered that since the UNICEF Executive Board had specified the projects to be undertaken in its approval of the establishment of the capital assets fund, any relocation and reprogramming of funds should receive the Executive Board’s prior authorization.
190. The Committee therefore recommended that the Secretary-General be requested to improve formulation of objectives and indicators of expected achievement when preparing the proposed programme narrative for this programme for the next biennium.
The committees design educational modules and organize refresher courses on complications of pregnancy and childbirth for physicians and university-educated midwives.
16. In paragraph 10 (f), the Board recommends that:
1. Approves, with effect from 1 January 1999, an increase of 14.6 per cent in the children’s allowance (including that for disabled children) and in the secondary dependant’s allowance;
29. At its 48th meeting, on 17 November, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.44 without a vote (see para. 49, draft resolution X).
A draft text prepared pursuant to that decision for possible insertion in the guide to enactment of the Model Law is set forth in annex II to the note prepared by the Secretariat (A/CN.9/450).
4. The greatest impact of the Convention on the international agenda thus far has perhaps been its contribution to raising awareness of the fundamental importance of the oceans to the overall well-being of the planet.
3. At the 42nd meeting, on 1 December, the Vice-Chairman of the Committee, David Prendergast (Jamaica), introduced a draft resolution entitled “Implementation of and follow-up to the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly” (A/C.2/53/L.53), which he submitted on the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.25.
UNICEF also provided vaccines against measles, vitamin A and psycho-therapeutic care to children, additional food to malnourished children and sick people, equipment for elementary education, nutrition education for pregnant and breastfeeding women, prenatal care and equipment for the establishment of a maternity clinic in the camp.
The widespread use by United Nations organizations of shortlisting as the preferred method for issuing tenders, along with the devolution of increased procurement authority and higher thresholds to field activities, further promoted procurement from local markets.
17. The Governments of Bangladesh, Canada, Pakistan and Trinidad and Tobago have provided troops to UNSMIH.
“8. The Council urges States and the international community to promote and protect the rights of persons belonging to national or ethnic, religious and linguistic minorities, in accordance with the Declaration on the Rights of Persons Belonging to National or Ethnic, Religious and Linguistic Minorities. General Assembly resolution 47/135.
(a) The total compensation comparison showed that the German civil service was 108.5 per cent of that of the current comparator;
62. At its substantive session, the Council considered the question of regional cooperation (agenda item 10) at its 34th and 35th meetings, on 20 July 1998.
"Concerned that the Secretary-General continues to face difficulties in meeting the obligations of the Force on a current basis, including reimbursement to current and former troop-contributing States,
(a) Complementary communications (297 800)
For new vehicles up to a year and for vehicles older than a year, respectively
Unfortunately, that threshold was reached in August 1997.
Low income, food-deficit countries as defined by the FAO continue to receive the bulk of IFAD financing.
Commission on Narcotic Drugs (53 members; four-year term)
(c) The following 10 trust funds were closed during the same period:
It took six months to establish its rules of procedure and, in May, in view of its failure to make any progress, COPMAGUA asked it to suspend its work in order to conduct an evaluation.
She had been pardoned by President Ezer Weizman and released with 19 other female prisoners following the Hebron redeployment.
The citizens Yasin Khashab, 70, his daughter Zahrah, 30, and Amir Muhammad, 11, received miscellaneous wounds.
In addition, the unit would receive administrative backstopping from one Field Service category staff.
6. Many Governments have been reforming the legal framework in their societies.
The Committee notes from the performance report that the requirements for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment for the period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1997 were originally estimated at $6.8 million (A/52/768, annex II.B, para. 12); an amount of $5.8 million was obligated for reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment, of which $2.3 million were included in the performance report for the period from 1 January to 30 June 1996.
This diversification is an important achievement.
19. At the 24th meeting, on 19 November, the representative of Cuba, on behalf of Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, the Comoros, Cuba, Djibouti, Egypt, Indonesia, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Malaysia, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the Sudan, the Syrian Arab Republic, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates, Yemen and Palestine, subsequently joined by Bahrain and Pakistan, introduced a draft resolution entitled “The occupied Syrian Golan” (A/C.4/53/L.20).
(h) Calibration/repair of test equipment;
Action on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.24/Rev.1
The submissions by Egypt did not include, as required in paragraph 232 of the Panel’s report on the jurisdictional phase, a list containing “the names of all of the claimants and the amount claimed for each claimant as well as the name of each beneficiary entitled to the amount where the claimant is not the beneficiary” and “with respect to each amount claimed, the date on which the corresponding dinar deposit was made”.
Capacity development in the environment sector has been a major growth area of United Nations system activity.
(a) Fourth report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions on procurement reform (A/52/7/Add.3);
The overview and summary of each country’s contribution was prepared.
(e) Maintain the parameters agreed by CCAQ in 1965 and endorsed by ICSC in 1981 with regard to the language allowance;
In 2000, other areas might be retained, including human development and sustainable development.
Rule 8 of the proposed financial rules provides that:
As regards the arrangements being finalized for implementation of exemptions from the exit tax, the Agency reiterated that it was entitled to a general exemption consistent with the 1946 Convention, and that it could only accept an arrangement which would not limit its operations.
(v) Determination by the Heads of State and Government of the duration of the mandate of the two candidates elected as permanent members of the expanded Security Council. Annex XXV
(e) In a sample of five major projects examined by the Board, and totalling $23.5 million in value, project evaluations had expressed reservations about the direct impact of all five projects in terms of their contribution to drug control;
(c) The situation in Central America: MINUGUA (1 January to 31 December 1999) (A/C.5/53/32 and Corr.1 and A/C.5/53/SR.33)
During the 30 years of military operations carried out by the Israeli forces, civilians have been consistently and directly targeted, the prime Israeli objectives being to cause the greatest number of injuries among them in order to drive them off their land or subject them to the control of the military administration, and to annex territory.
While the special character of cooperatives is recognized, cooperatives do not find this recognition effective.
The Director of the Macroeconomics Division of the De-partment for Economic and Social Affairs made an introductory statement.
However, the continuing reluctance of the Salvadoran Institute for Agrarian Transformation (ISTA) to accept and to act on the recommendations of the previous report by the United Nations on this matter has created the impression of a lack of progress and, unavoidably, an absence of political will.
27. In a number of instances, the conclusions and proposals of the Special Rapporteur were descriptive in nature with respect to countries and regions, did not deal at all with the provisions of the national legislation or are today clearly out of date.
53. Despite the withdrawal of most international staff, collaborative efforts continue within the assistance community to implement principled common programming of aid activities in Afghanistan.
The results, published in the Economic Survey of Europe, are used by economic advisers to ministers as well as central banks, and serve as a basis for policy debates in which decision makers participate.
Pakistan's desire to engage constructively in a substantive and result-oriented dialogue with India has repeatedly been affirmed by the Prime Minister.
A number of members of the Committee have asked that the State party consider doing so.
Based on Commission resolution 15/14, on Concrete measures towards the full realization of children's housing rights", UNICEF, together with UNCHS (Habitat) organized an Expert Seminar on the rights of the child in particular with respect to shelter and related services.
B. Participation of non-governmental and intergovernmental organizations (decision 10/12): agenda item 620
91. The Committee congratulates the Government of Croatia for ratifying the Convention without reservations and notes with satisfaction that the country’s initial report followed the guidelines and presents comprehensive data on the situation of women in Croatia.
In view of that suffering, the Council welcomed the oil-for-food agreement to supply the fraternal Iraqi people with food and medicine, and Security Council resolution 1210 (1998) renewing that agreement, just as it has always welcomed any initiative that serves to alleviate that suffering.
To overcome this problem, and in keeping with the recommendation of the General Assembly contained in resolution 50/30 of 6 December 1995, I have decided to establish within the Secretariat, the skeleton of a RDMHQ.
6. Canada endorses recommendation 80 (k), in which the Panel urges the United Nations to consider convening an international conference on the illicit arms trade in all its aspects.
An amount of $7,042 has been included under other travel costs for travel ($5,012) and daily subsistence allowance for 13.5 days ($2,030);
It is a message from a recently widowed 23-year-old mother who had just lost her sister and was taking care of her invalid mother but was taken away from her seven-month-old baby screaming and begging.
The Group is working closely with the Personnel Section and the staff association on all matters relating to the marginalization of women, sexual harassment, family problems, etc.
2. Leaders agreed to a continuing monitoring role for the Forum Ministerial Committee on New Caledonia during the period of the Noumea Accords, particularly with respect to the referenda that will be conducted pursuant to the Accords.
The purpose of the Guiding Principles is to address the specific needs of IDPs worldwide by identifying rights and guarantees relevant to their protection.
- If the actions are offences, the case is brought before the criminal courts.
I challenge Mr. Clerides to remove all these restrictions on us in order to show that he is a man of his word and that he is not paying lip-service to these lofty principles for tactical reasons.
The Board intends reviewing the new arrangements.
15. We are living in an era of communications. Communications programmes are as crucial to United Nations public information as are media services – they provide them with substance, bring them to life and make it possible to attract a wider network of potential supporters.
A proposal or motion may be withdrawn by its proposer at any time before voting on it has begun, provided that the proposal or motion has not been amended.
III. Recommendations of the Second Committee
32. With regard to the proposed conversion of one gratis position into an additional P-4 post for the Europe and Latin America Division which, as indicated in paragraph 40 of annex I to the report, supported six ongoing peacekeeping operations, the Advisory Committee points out that the report should have been more accurate.
Employers seek to purchase skills that are in short supply domestically.
(b) Organization of the work of the session
43. This reform agenda was launched in the early 1980s in SSA.
In 1994, the Israeli High Court ordered the house to be returned to the Tirhi family by the end of 1997.
The KOMPSAT design was completed in 1997 and a flight module is ready to be assembled in the newly constructed Satellite Integration and Test Centre located at the Korea Aerospace Research Institute.
Between 1435 and 1615 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155 and 81-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar, Zibqin and Wadi Bisri and at the Mu`aytah woodland from their positions at Tall Ya`qub and on Rum, Sfariyah and Anan hills.
(h) Facilitate the financing of information exchange on best practices utilized in combating desertification and/or mitigating the effects of drought at the local level in affected developing country Parties.
8. In accordance with General Assembly resolution 48/216 B of 23 December 1993, the Board also reviewed the measures taken by the Administration to implement the recommendations made in its report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995.
The Committee notes that the report follows the guidelines established by the Committee for the presentation of reports.
The sponsor delegation considered that the further concretization of the legal aspects of those elements would be of substantial assistance to the Security Council.
In respect to comparative data, as of 15 May 1998, eight claims totalling $645,201 had been submitted for the payment of inland transportation in the context of the implementation of the new procedures.
Presentations were made on UNCTAD’s role and activities and on various aspects of competition law and policy in the context of the evolution of international development law, international economic law and North-South relations;
“State immunity from measures of constraint
It is proposed that the staffing levels for the period from 27 March to 30 June 1998 be maintained for the subsequent period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.
FCCC/AG13/1997/1 Provisional agenda and annotations
France (received - last installment of the 1997 contribution)
“7. Our discussions this morning have demonstrated that all of us – international institutions and national Governments – still have much to learn about responding to the forces of global financial integration.
ECUADOR Representative Dr. Luis Gallegos Chiriboga, Embajador, Representante Permanente del Ecuador ante la Oficina Europea de las Naciones Unidas en Ginebra
The Committee notes that trafficking is an international crime and therefore not only concerns women trafficked out of Slovakia, but also those being trafficked into Slovakia from neighbouring countries.
6.6.1.1 The requirements of this Chapter apply to portable tanks intended for the transport of dangerous goods of Classes 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 and 9, by all modes of transport.
Between 1045 and 1450 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the South at high altitude.
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND TECHNOLOGICAL ADVICE AT ITS SIXTH SESSION
A total of 131,781 children were treated in the campaign, which was conducted at all Agency schools in Jordan.
I. Publications issued by the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, as at August 1998
(a) The calculations would be based on a valuation of termination liabilities as at 31 December 1998, using updated data to be provided by the Fund secretariat.
Tariff quotas have been opened in the agricultural sector at lower or even zero duties, but these quotas rarely create substantial trading opportunities for new exporters, as expansions of quotas over the implementation period are small and current access quotas have often been allocated to traditional suppliers.
Article 19: Specific categories of property
19. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique (D.129).
Taking note of the completion of the programme of identification and evaluation of Arab property, as announced by the Conciliation Commission in its twenty-second progress report, Official Records of the General Assembly, Nineteenth Session, Annexes, Annex No. 11, document A/5700. and of the fact that the Land Office had a schedule of Arab owners and file of documents defining the location, area and other particulars of Arab property,
(e) Implementation of the Programme of Action for the Least Developed Countries for the 1990s
Similar training needs in the justice sector exist in the Southern Cone and in the countries in the Amazon-basin, and UNDCP expects to launch a programme in the region during the biennium.
Agreed conclusions 437 (XLIII): Technical cooperation activitiesOriginally circulated in TD/B/43/SC.2/L.2, section B.
15 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 9 (A/53/9), paras. 157-165.
I raised these points in my meeting with President Milosevic of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, urging him to stop violence and destruction and stressing the importance of promoting confidence-building measures.
Coffee, tea and cocoa at the point of sale, or at the point of import, if shipped pre-packed, must also satisfy labelling requirements.
Member States were asked to review their requirements and print runs were adjusted in accordance with the feedback received.
AND THE ECONOMIC COOPERATION ORGANIZATION
(e) Provide advice to the Conference of the Parties on measures to strengthen cooperation at the international level among indigenous and local communities and make proposals for the strengthening of mechanisms that support such cooperation.
Data on off-farm income and linkages in agricultural development have also been collected and analysed for several economies.
58. UNIFEM has collaborated with the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner on Human Rights by conducting a briefing on ways in which gender-based violations of the human rights of women could be documented in the investigations conducted by thematic and country rapporteurs appointed by the Commission on Human Rights.
191. As regards the third sentence of paragraph 33, the question was raised whether the legislative guide should endorse the requirement of a positive vote by the host Government and whether some of the objectives underlying the requirement could be achieved by less intrusive means.
42. According to the audit, having several private companies administer the New York plans – Aetna, Blue Cross, Cigna, HIP and Kaiser – is not particularly beneficial and simply involves costly administrative charges, which could be avoided by reducing the number of plan administrators.
69. As a member of thematic groups, the Office took part in:
9. I very much hope that this summary has captured the essence of our meeting and I would welcome your observations.
The full text of these proposals for amendment will be circulated in a document of the COP.
I had the opportunity in Paris to remind our colleagues in the OECD that we should not repeat in the investment field the mistake that was made with the negotiations on services.
Statements were made by representatives of 12 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States.
Conference resolution 146(VI) requested the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to report periodically to the Trade and Development Board on the progress achieved in the implementation of that resolution on assistance to Palestinian People.
(e) Note verbale dated 10 July 1998 from the Permanent Mission of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/176);
The revision of the ISO 14001 and 14004 standards in 1999 may provide an opportunity for further developments in EMS standards.
22. At its first plenary meeting, the Meeting adopted the provisional agenda in TD/B/LDC/AC.1/9 as follows:
Delegates are invited to present information on deve-lopments at the national level in preparation for the year.
Some Governments have reported the establishment of special law enforcement units to more effectively combat arms trafficking and stricter controls have been established for aircraft and vessels.
5. Requests the Secretary-General of the United Nations to send a fact-finding mission to Azad Jammu and Kashmir to make an on-the-spot assessment of the losses caused by continuous violations of the line of control by the Indian armed forces.
Thus, the archipelagic status of the waters in the Natuna Sea was indicated for the first time, in the map attached to Law No. 6 of 1996.
2. The Church of Agios Mamas, also located in the occupied village of Gerolakkos, which has been converted into a cultural centre;
22. UNHCR environmental activities in Rwanda are designed to address the damage caused during 1995, 1996 and 1997.
(b) Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase (see document FCCC/SBSTA/1997/14, annex I, 4);
During this same period, Anna Desrumeaux, a Belgian nun who had lived for 30 years in the former Zaire, was murdered in her convent in Kananga (Kasai Occidentale) by members of the armed forces carrying weapons of war.
1 July 1996-30 June 1997 (resolution 50/89 B)
There was also a slight decline in the incidence of poverty in Latin America during the first half of the 1990s. Nevertheless, the number of people living in poverty in the region has continued to increase and reached over 200 million in 1994.
6.4 The United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL), adopted the Model Law on Electronic Commerce and the Model Law on Cross-Border Insolvency.
20. Further, the special session should consider the issue of new and additional financial resources needed to implement the Habitat Agenda through international cooperation.
4. On the recommendation of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (see A/52/859, para. 25), the General Assembly, by its resolution 52/244 of 26 June 1998, reduced the appropriation of $275,344,900 gross ($266,226,000 net) provided in its resolution 51/153 B of 13 June 1997 to the amount of $134,824,800 gross ($129,235,900 net), inclusive of $10,276,000 for the support account for peacekeeping operations.
Meeting of Experts on the Use of Information 5-7 May
In Hungary, the competition authority may take part in the deliberations of the legislature and give advice on competition issues, as well as presenting annual reports to the legislature; also, it has consultative rights with the executive when issues within its sphere of responsibility are discussed.
2. Criteria for defining violations of human rights as international crimes
The representative of Colombia made several proposals related to action on demand reduction and stated that he would submit those proposals in writing.
It is high time that all efforts by the Greek Cypriot side to exploit this issue for political purposes are stopped.
It has generated new and often lucrative business opportunities for certification bodies and consultants.
1237. The Committee expresses its concern about the lack of prohibition in local legislation of the use of corporal punishment, however light, at home.
Expressing its deep appreciation to the Government of Senegal for the generous offer to host the second session of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention,
• The need to project an image of the Organization as an open and transparent public institution;
The General Assembly welcomes the designation of the fifty-fifth session of the General Assembly in the year 2000 as the Millennium Assembly and further decides to continue the consideration of the proposals of the Secretary-General contained in document A/52/850 at the fifty-third session of the General Assembly.
Those factors together decreased the necessity for aircrew subsistence allowance and air traffic control services and equipment.
In accordance with article 17 of the Convention, the Meeting elected by secret ballot the following five members of the Committee against Torture for a term of four years beginning on 1 January 1998: Mr. Sayed Kassem El Masry (Egypt), Mr. António Silva Henriques Gaspar (Portugal), Mr. Bent Sorensen (Denmark), Mr. Alexander Yakovlev (Russian Federation) and Mr. Yu Mengjia (China).
According to Palestinian sources, 17 Palestinians were wounded by rubber bullets fired by IDF in Jenin and Bethlehem.
21. To be complete and effective, the campaign against impunity must be preceded by a serious and thorough investigation to bring to light the factual sources of the violations and identify the perpetrators and the victims so that the former can be punished and the damage done to the latter can be appropriately remedied.
The Committee notes that family planning programmes must be available to all, including young women and men, and stresses women’s right to receive informed and reliable medical care.
Reaffirming the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, which, inter alia, call for collective effort to strengthen friendly relations among nations, remove threats to the peace and promote international cooperation to resolve international issues of economic, social, cultural and humanitarian character,
7. At the same meeting, the representative of South Africa orally revised the draft resolution as follows:
The main item was approved at the second session of the Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Matters (TD/B/COM.2/7).
Statistical information was also provided on the number of meetings, if any, that the bodies concerned had held during the fifty-second session of the Assembly and the efficiency with which they had utilized the resources made available to them.
But the set of principles is also intended to benefit both the — too few — States showing the political will to tackle impunity and the partners in national “dialogues” or “peace negotiations”, who will all have to face this problem.
By its resolution 1997/18, the Economic and Social had recommended to the General Assembly the adoption of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.2.
An important stage was the work done on revising the definition of “high-level radioactive waste or other high-level radioactive matter unsuitable for dumping at sea” required by the Convention on the Prevention of Marine Pollution by Dumping of Wastes and other Matter.
6.6.4.4.8 There shall be no sudden change of plate thickness at the attachment of the ends (heads) to the cylindrical portion of the shell.
* Following the adjournment of the 36th meeting of the Fifth Committee. INFORMAL CONSULTATIONS
42. The programme document for drug law enforcement of PHARE (originally, Poland/Hungary Aid for the Reconstruction of the Economy), to be funded mostly by the European Commission, has received endorsement from representatives of law enforcement services from beneficiary countries, European Community police and customs forces, the Customs Cooperation Council (also called the World Customs Organization) and the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol).
18. Prior to the eruption of the Asian financial crisis, patterns of net long-term resource flows remained markedly similar to the ones described in the previous report.
IV. United Nations standing processes and the United Nations University
Letter dated 27 June 1998 from the Permanent Representative of
Outcomes of the Conference of the Parties at its third session
The Committee wishes to examine the compatibility of any such changes with Australia’s obligations under the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.
The representative of Indonesia made a further statement (see A/AC.109/SR.1488).
They volunteered to undertake some 20 specific projects and programmes to advance the causes of mutual understanding, conflict prevention, pluralism and human rights in the region.
If the current shortfall of the General Programme will not be funded by the end of this year, we shall have to further reduce operational expenditures.
138. The Under-Secretary-General for General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services addressed the Committee at the opening of its organizational and substantive sessions.
32 See report of the nineteenth Consultative Meeting, LC 19/10, paras. 4.14–4.16.
At present, such protection is not guaranteed everywhere; nor is it suited to the need to protect medical secrecy.
As part of its offer to host the secretariat, the Government of Germany pledged a special annual contribution to the UNFCCC to offset the costs primarily of organizing meetings and events in Germany.
The Commission should initiate a process designed to resolve the problem of divergent scheduling principles, criteria and procedures under the three treaties.
789. While recognizing efforts to improve the situation of education, including the introduction of compulsory education for children aged 6 to 10, and measures to encourage girls to attend school, the Committee nonetheless remains concerned at the low level of school enrolment and the high drop-out rates, at the very high child/teacher ratios and the shortage of trained teachers.
Steps shall be taken to guarantee the security and protection of witnesses and victims.
To ensure the wider dissemination of publicly sponsored technologies to other developing countries, one possible mechanism could be the creation of a technology bank where technologies could be banked and "lent" on preferential and non-commercial terms.
The main aim of these missions was to assess and advise on immediate needs, discuss the extent of further assistance required and elaborate follow-up action in each area.
In support of that goal, the non-governmental organizations reaffirmed their recognition of the State of Palestine in conformity with the 1988 Declaration of Independence, and looked to 1999 as the year of the State of Palestine.
They therefore put the following recommendations to the High Commissioner for Human Rights for consideration:
11. Reimbursement of the advance to Habitat II (paragraph 7 of the ACABQ report).
1. Reaffirms the following principles of international law which are of relevance to international negotiations:
He was planning return missions to the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in September 1998, and to post-election Bosnia and Herzegovina and to Croatia in October 1998.
Statements were made by the representatives of China and Mexico.
We have audited the accompanying financial statements, comprising statements numbered I to IX of the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation, and statements numbered X to XI of the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) and the supporting notes for the period from 1 January 1996 to 31 December 1997.
78. Furthermore, the Outline recommends that workshops and briefings for media personnel be convened to increase their knowledge of drug abuse and that guidelines be provided in the form of codes of conduct to be observed when portraying events involving drug abuse.
Emphasis is placed on facilitating cooperation on such issues as lowering tariff and non-tariff barriers and other forms of restrictions, including customs valuations, pre-shipment inspection, sanitary measures, inter-bank settlement transactions, trade information-sharing, migratory labour, and transport and telecommunications.
The Committee considers that the Seminar was a useful gathering and hopes to have made a constructive contribution to international efforts aimed at promoting an improvement in the living conditions of Palestinians and in their prospects for social and economic development, which are essential for the achievement of a just and lasting peace in the region.
(a) The Palestinians have agreed to full and unconditional security cooperation: detention, arrest and imprisonment of all “terrorists” previously released by the PA, according to lists submitted by Israel; dismissal of PA personnel involved in terror or violent acts against Israel;
These relatively higher emission reductions explain the fact that emissions of these gases are projected to fall or increase only marginally in 2000.
There have also been cases where the Office of Professional Accountability of the National Police has investigated policemen accused of human rights violations and proved that they were responsible without imposing any punishment whatsoever on them.
— a library of high—resolution image processing software (ERDAS/Image, LAS).
25. Thus, closer relations between citizens require an effort on the part of the State to encourage creative and innovative activity and interchange both among citizens and beyond the borders.
All state governments and federal ministries have to earmark funds under such schemes at least in proportion to the population of such groups in the specific situation.
Telephone: (39.6) 5225.1 (expected to become 5705.1 in August)
It is possible that a treaty might be based on an assessment of a particular human rights violation as an international crime that has already gained widespread recognition.
At the interregional level, such assistance was primarily for population and development activities, although support was also provided for NGO-executed reproductive health and advocacy projects.
The Committee recommends that the State party should bring its legislation into conformity with all the rights to which women are entitled under articles 3, 16, 23 and 26 of the Covenant.
Some Governments have reported using methadone maintenance in their treatment programmes.
(g) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide; A/53/565.
Department for Development Support and Management Services projects
They are also strengthening their capacity and skills for interacting with local government and non-governmental organizations, for the purpose of participating in the management of public and private sector investments in their settlements.
In many cases, their capacity needs to be upgraded and measures taken to ensure that the diversification process is participatory and that all stakeholders are heard;
More particularly, EIP has promoted private sector development (small- and medium-sized local contractors) and improvement of working conditions in the infrastructure and construction sectors (roads, buildings, irrigation and drainage systems, etc.), which account for two thirds of public investment in most developing countries.
This would require an investment of 25 per cent compared to the present rate of 18-19 per cent of GDP.
II. INFORMATION RECEIVED FROM GOVERNMENTS
Noting that meetings of other treaty bodies are held both at Geneva and in New York,
170. UNU held and contributed to five informative events in New York during 1997 that were open to the general public:
Pursuant to paragraph 11 of Security Council resolution 1159 (1998), the transfer of authority was preceded by a transitional period from 27 March to 14 April 1998 during which the United Nations advance headquarters, comprising military and civilian personnel and essential equipment, was deployed to Bangui.
The United States had provided the appropriate Italian officials with information on the drift-net-vessel sightings and had requested, among other things, an official response from the Italian Government.
The Secretary-General accordingly set up a United Nations Task Force on Common Services, including Common Facilities Management.
3. In addition to its audit of the accounts and financial transactions, the Board carried out reviews under regulation 12.5 of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations.
In this regard, he stated, "When we declare Ariel as a city, as we do today, we thus announce that this is a permanent place.
The staffing process has proved to be exceedingly slow and time-consuming which has greatly hampered the scope and speed of the activities of the Special Representative.
11. In response to an invitation extended to the Centre, the Officer-in-Charge attended the first Accord de non-agression et d’assistance en matières de défense (ANAD) and ECOWAS Experts Meeting on Cross-Border Crime, held at Yamoussoukro from 17 to 20 March 1997, where he made a presentation on the proliferation of small arms in the African region.
In the same report, the Committee recommended that a thorough review be made of the standard cost ratios and the related manual.
More than 80 per cent of heroin entering Europe in 1995 is estimated to come from south-west Asia and transited Turkey along the Balkan route and its diversions.
1982-1985 Lecturer in Public International Law on the doctoral course of the School of International Studies at the Central University, Quito.
All requests to vendors to allow 30 days for a response, with a minimum of 14 days for a fax response
14. The Secretary-General proposed to offset the estimated requirements for 1999 of $6,883,600, under section 3 of the programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999, by the unencumbered balance of $332,300 from the appropriation granted for 1998 (see para. 4 above).
11. At the same meeting, statements were also made by the representatives of Portugal and Jamaica.
Moreover, together with the World Bank, the Fund has created a framework for collaborative action with other multilateral institutions and bilateral creditors to resolve the external debt problems of the heavily indebted poor countries.
Georgia was assisted in preparing a project to reduce pollution from the Tbilisi thermal power plant and to increase fuel efficiency.
53. In the field of SME development, a programme for countries with economies in transition has continued to be implemented to assist these countries in formulating national SME policy, designing promotion programmes, developing the relevant infrastructure and helping new entrepreneurs.
189. As part of the effort to deploy advanced communications and electronic publishing technology in all aspects of the Organization’s work, United Nations Information Centres and services are now electronically linked both to Headquarters and to each other, providing instant, low-cost access to United Nations news, documents and reference resources.
Authorization is the principal means of ensuring that only valid transactions and events are initiated as intended by management.
Coordinating Action on Small Arms (CASA) is an attempt to address effectively the proliferation of cheap small arms, which are the primary or sole weapons used in numerous intra-state conflicts today, in which up to 90 per cent of the victims are civilians.
The Committee expresses concern at the fact that legal proceedings for domestic violence may only be initiated upon the complaint of the victim.
Some measures were drawn from the experience of other fisheries organizations, in particular NAFO and ICCAT; other measures took into account recent developments in international law, including the relevant provisions of the 1995 Fish Stocks Agreement dealing with exchange of information on all vessels that fish in contravention of a fisheries organization’s conservation measures.57
The Irtysh River is threatened with contamination by this massive spill.
261. The Committee is concerned at the reservation made to article 14 of the Convention by the State party, which may affect the implementation of the rights guaranteed in this article and may raise questions about the compatibility of the reservation with the objective and purpose of the Convention.
The Committee began the fourth phase of its work, namely, action on draft resolutions submitted on all disarmament and international security agenda items.
A limited number of copies of documents containing draft proposals for action during the meetings in progress will be available at the documents counter in the conference rooms.
2. Barbados has consistently voted in favour of resolutions on the necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba, since the first such resolution was introduced in the General Assembly during its forty-sixth session in 1991.
In 1996–1997, $21.9 million (31 per cent) of the programme budget expenditure was incurred through direct (UNDP) execution; $29.6 million (42 per cent) was executed by agencies; and only $18.6 million (27 per cent) through national execution.
The Secretary-General proposed the establishment of a special account for MINURCA for the purpose of accounting for income received and expenditures incurred in respect of the Mission.
Relief efforts must be a step towards development, and must be delivered in ways that promote, rather than compromise, long-term development objectives.
8. Institutional, organizational, administrative and related matters:
B. Principles for United Nations assistance in mine action
This people was ready to embark upon a new century, in good standing in the ranks of States advancing towards development, prosperity and scientific, economic and social growth.
3. For the purposes of this Article, any instrument deposited by a regional economic integration organization shall not be counted as additional to those deposited by States members of this organization.
An expert made a presentation of a proposal, which had been made by Brazil, for the creation of a Clean Development Fund.
Recalling article 18 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights, See resolution 2200 A (XXI), annex.
It is expected that considerable progress can be made during the 1998-1999 biennium and the revised staffing table will be presented to the Commission in the proposed budget for 2000-2001.
157. On 16 November, the Rear Area Command issued restriction orders against three right-wing activists, banning them from entering the Temple Mount area. (Ha’aretz, 17 November)
In the initial budget period from [2000+x] to [2000+x+y], each Annex [*] Party shall be allowed q per cent of the base emissions of gases listed in Annex [C] Note to reader: See paragraph 273 for an explanation of Annex [C] in this proposal
In the translation area, in particular, technological advances made it possible for translators to produce first drafts on screen, thereby reducing the text-processing workload and increasing productivity in the documentation processing system.
40. The Office should review the use of ex post facto and retroactive agreements with the aim of eliminating the practice (para. 54).
35. The present system of determination of post adjustment indices is dependent on survey response from United Nations common system staff and adequate and reliable staff response is essential for fair determination of the indices.
The UNESCO office in Addis Ababa participated in the first meeting of the technical committee for those projects in January 1998.
The upcoming meeting in Cairns, Australia (8-12 September 1997) will be the forum for such discussions.
The large packagings shall be dropped onto a rigid, non-resilient, smooth, flat and horizontal surface, in such a manner as to ensure that the point of impact is that part of the base of the large packagings considered to be the most vulnerable.
106. The Section is divided into four units: Africa Unit, Asia and Middle East Unit, Europe and Latin America Unit and Liquidation Support Unit.
Documented poor performance would also justify termination of a probationary appointment before the end of the probationary period, as well as a decision not to grant a permanent appointment at the end of the probationary period, at which time the staff member would be separated from service.
1. If, when one person or one delegation is to be elected, no candidate obtains in the first ballot a majority of the votes cast by the Parties present and voting, a second ballot restricted to the two candidates obtaining the largest number of votes shall be taken.
UNHCR has seized the opportunity offered by the democratization process to raise awareness on human rights and refugee issues and influence government policies accordingly.
In 1996, over 41 per cent of allocations from the Fund of UNDCP were made to United Nations system partners as executing or associated agencies.
Japan intends to introduce a fibre-optic network in all households by the year 2010, and by the end of 1997, 19 per cent of its population will already be connected.
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, qualified in fields relating to climate change which has informed the secretariat of its wish to be represented at a meeting of the Parties as an observer may be admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present object.
It is further suggested that the State party envisage requesting international cooperation in this regard, notably from the United Nations Children's Fund.
The Council expressed its condemnation of the aggressive practices and of the policy of expulsion, starvation and ethnic cleansing being pursued by Serbian forces against the Muslim inhabitants of the Kosovo region.
(a) Development of best practice guidelines for greenhouse gas emission reductions;
To cover the increasing public deficit, the Government continued to have recourse to borrowing in local currency at high interest rates, but also had to draw on its own deposits.
By taking into account adjustments to the base/floor salary, including the recommended adjustment for 1999, the Commission arrived at a figure of $1,000.
Substantive support to the COP and its subsidiary bodies
142. The Medical Support Unit plans, organizes and supports medical aspects of peacekeeping operations. This includes the evaluation of medical information from mission areas and other sources; the development of medical training policies and guidelines; and the determination and requisitioning of medical supplies and equipment for peacekeeping operations.
The four modules contained in the subregional drug-control cooperation programme each focuses on a number of issues.
FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.7 Administrative and financial matters.
(a) Advising the Chief Administrative Officer, through the Integrated Support Services, on matters related to air operations, air traffic control, navigational and instrument landing aids in the operations area, identifying any shortcomings in the overall air structure and providing solutions.
II), chapter I. 2. I wish to thank the panellists for some very lucid inputs.
374. The Committee is concerned that violence against women is still pervasive in Korean society.
They should continue efforts to ensure the necessary orientation of staff in terms of the principles and practices of TCDC and ECDC in the training programmes organized by the United Nations system.
10. The cost estimate is based on an average strength of 35 civilian police monitors.
21. After having examined the applications, the Board recommended that grants, with an estimated total amount of US$ 144,250, be awarded to 50 representatives of indigenous communities and organizations to attend the session of the Working Group of the Subcommission (see annex II.A).
The Committee is of the view that efforts should be made to contain requirements under travel of civilian personnel, general temporary assistance and alteration and renovation of premises.
Weighted average ratio before adjustment for New York/Washington, D.C. cost-of-living differential
“13. Expresses its concern that, while developing countries constitute the majority of the membership of the international economic, monetary and financial institutions which form an integral part of the decision-making process at the global level on macroeconomic policy issues, their institutionalized lack of participation therein has far-reaching impacts on the world economy, often with negative implications for the exercise of the right to development in developing countries;
7. In continuation of an informal understanding that there should be a division of labour between the two organizations, the United Nations has retained the lead in peace-making efforts in Abkhazia, Georgia, and Tajikistan, while OSCE has retained the lead in the Republic of Moldova, South Ossetia, Georgia, and in the resolution of the conflict over Nagorny Karabakh, Azerbaijan.
9. A precise assessment of the impact of the crisis on the rest of the world is difficult, first because of the rapid and significant changes in the economic and financial situations in many of the countries concerned.
Statements in explanation of vote after the vote were made by representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic and Mexico.
It was suggested that the Special Committee should proceed to a consideration of practical ways and means of dealing with the problem of third States affected by the imposition of sanctions.
51/7 Implementation of the Jakarta Declaration and Plan of Action for the Advancement of Women in Asia and the Pacific
(ii) That the Chairman and one member of the Commission are empowered to satisfy themselves that the application is warranted and ascertain, in confidence, the identity of the witness so as to be able to give assurances to the other members of the Commission;
Indeed, the final implementation of the Abuja Peace Accord in Liberia led to elections in July 1997, disarmament and the establishment of state institutions, thus creating conditions for the promotion of repatriation and the return of internally displaced persons to their homes.
(b) gives the head of the interim secretariat the possibility of using the Trust Fund established by General Assembly resolution 47/188, as appropriate, to support also the participation of representatives of non-governmental organizations in the work of the first Conference of the Parties,
No provision nor expenditure was made under this heading.
That date, which coincided with the end of the UNFICYP six-month mandate period, in effect gave the United Nations seven months’ notice to develop transitional arrangements for the final handover of responsibilities.
The Board found that in 16 of the 150 claims reviewed (11 per cent of the cases examined) there was insufficient independent evidence to support the award or there were omissions or errors that called into question the level of award:
Democratic Seventh report 24 March 1987 6
138. The Committee noted that some delegations had informed the Legal Subcommittee of the current status of, and further intended actions concerning, their accession to the five international legal instruments governing outer space.
During full closures, Palestinians holding West Bank and Gaza Strip identity cards, including Agency staff, were prevented from leaving their area of residence and had their permits revoked without notice.
2. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations [114]
7. Decides further that the proportionate share of the assets of the Fund payable to the World Trade Organization upon the termination of the membership of the Interim Commission shall be determined and remitted in accordance with the procedures set out in paragraphs 25 to 27 of the report of the Board8 and that this shall represent a complete and final settlement of the amount payable as a result of the termination of the membership of the Interim Commission in the Fund;
In the course of the exercise, the Office of Human Resources Management intends to consolidate all related administrative issuances into one comprehensive instruction.
The Committee pointed out that the problem of relinquishing building management by UNIDO indicated the need for better coordination during the preparation of budgets and their submission to governing bodies.
Words on paper cannot save the children in peril.
PRINCIPLE 33. RIGHTS AND DUTIES ARISING OUT OF THE OBLIGATION TO MAKE REPARATION
The Advisory Committee points out that training activities take into account the related request of the General Assembly, prior recommendations of the Advisory Committee, the Board of Auditors and of the Office of Internal Oversight Services.
Between 0625 and 0700 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Nabatiyah and Iqlim al-Tuffah areas at high altitude.
6. While, in April, the Government was able to congratulate itself on a well-done job in the field of international finances, which reflected positively on its image, on the other hand, a loss of popularity was perceived, due to the poor communication between the President and the media, and incidents which linked the Government to corruption.
As a result of these projected requirements, an amount of $20 million is foreseen as new resource needs for 2000–2001.
The soluble coffee produced was guaranteed to the United States roaster for a period of time, usually 10 years.
The 1995 World Summit on Social Development assigned to ILO a leading role in action concerning employment.
11. Urges States to take special measures for the protection of children, in particular to protect girls from rape and other forms of sexual abuse and gender-based violence in situations of armed conflict, paying special attention to refugee and displaced girls and taking into account the special needs of the girl child in the delivery of humanitarian assistance;
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-first session.
The representative of Cameroon also made a statement.
It was also recommended that States should, inter alia, consider methods of enhancing cooperation between law enforcement agencies; improve the sharing of intelligence; strengthen cooperation not only among law enforcement agencies but also among judicial authorities; and cooperate as appropriate with neighbouring States through agreements to ensure that their inland waters were not used for illicit traffic.
The Advisory Committee was further informed of the difficulties and lags in submitting statements of programme budget implications to the intergovernmental machinery of the Commission due to the fact that the statements have to be cleared with Headquarters.
(d) Size of the contingency fund expressed as a percentage of the overall level of resources.
In Jordan, assistance towards secondary care was provided entirely through a reimbursement scheme which partially covered medical expenses incurred by refugees for treatment at government hospitals.
Sir, I am instructed by Her Britannic Majesty’s Principal Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs to refer to the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (hereinafter referred to as “UNCTAD”) established by United Nations General Assembly Resolution 1995 (XIX) of 30 December 1964. The United Kingdom’s membership of UNCTAD also includes Hong Kong.
TechNet is designed to encourage understanding and promote the use of science, technology and information in development.
The Government of Serbia strongly committed itself to such a policy in its last statement of 31 March 1998 (A/53/92-S/1998/289, annex), and this policy deserves clear and unambiguous support by the international community.
C. Activities of the global programme against money-laundering 28-30 7
20. As of 15 June 1998, some 49,000 Afghan refugees have returned to their homes this year, mostly from refugee camps in the North West Frontier Province of Pakistan.
27. It is noted that the Russian Federation is a large multi-ethnic, multi—religious and multicultural State composed of more than 176 nationalities and ethnic groups.
3. In its decision 1997/234, the Economic and Social Council decided that a reconvened session of the Commission should take place in December 1997 to approve the initial programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 and the second and final revision of the programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 for the Fund.
For their own security, and the security of the States from which they fled, I strongly urge that refugees be settled at a reasonable distance from any border, in camps of limited size, in accordance with the OAU Refugee Convention.
3. The response rate to the request for information from country offices was 57 per cent.
Guidance is also given by the meeting of States parties to the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea.
This is because, the jurisdiction of the Court being based on consent, there are often “cases within cases” to determine questions of jurisdiction and admissibility when this is contested by one of the parties.
The Special Representative has been informed that the former director of the Koh Kong prison, who was removed from his position after it became known that he had raped a female detainee, has been given a senior police post in the province.
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, an appropriate portion of any such stock or other financial instrument shall be used to defray the actual costs and expenses of the United Nations associated with any receipt or conversion of such stock or financial instrument into currency of the United States of America.
A total of 82 reports had been examined by the Committee.
The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
222. It was considered that the report identified a number of key issues that will require the further attention of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs.
7. The United States of America described 19 regional projects that are currently underway and have received or will receive US$541 million in funding over their lifetime.
At its 46th plenary meeting, on 28 October 1998, the General Assembly decided, on the recommendation of the General Committee (A/53/250/Add.1), to include the following items in the agenda of its fifty-third session:
53. It is normal for the legislative process in the countries of Western Europe, North America and Japan to involve the cooperative movement in reviewing any contemplated change in the legal and administrative framework for cooperatives.
This situation, compounded by the fact that the decentralization and deconcentration process is still in the early stages and is unevenly applied in the various regions of the country, limits effective public participation in the definition and implementation of government policies and in the promotion of more efficient use of State resources.
In a recent interview published in the Greek newspaper, Eksusia on 18 March 1998, the Greek Cypriot Defence Minister, Mr. Yannakis Omiru, stated, inter alia, that he favoured the creation of a Greek Cypriot air force and that it was now being seriously considered.
The Committee observed that it was incumbent on the State party to make enquiries if any doubt is raised as to whether the accused in a capital case is a minor or not, but found that the facts before it did not show that the author had been under age at the time of the offence.
Owing to the partial nature of the information provided in the oral report, the Committee is not entirely satisfied with the information provided on women’s general health in the Czech Republic.
25. In its reply to the Secretary-General dated 11 September 1998, Oman reported that it had prohibited the use of drift-nets of more than 1 kilometre in width, while the Ministry of Agriculture had continued its education programme aimed at increasing awareness among fisherfolk of the damages caused by large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing.
(a) Draft general recommendation on article 12 of the Convention prepared by a member of the Committee (CEDAW/C/1998/I/WG.II/WP.1);
62. Both before and during the electoral period, equal or equitable access to the broadcast media did not exist in Cambodia.
It also called for the empowerment of the poor, their active involvement and participation in poverty reduction strategies, and improved access by the poor to institutions, such as those in the political and judicial systems.
However, ISO 14001 certification by itself does not ensure continuous compliance with environmental legislation.
"As we now know, income inequality did not continue to fall.
Implementation of the Declaration of the Indian Ocean as a Zone of Peace: report of the First Committee (A/52/606) [77]
5. The Commission decided to convene, in accordance with "A Partnership for Growth and Development", the following expert meetings to:
Habitat also provides the secretariat of the Urban Environment Forum, a global network of cities and international programmes committed to improving the urban environment.
At 1600 hours Israeli forces and their client militia bombarded the environs of Kafra, Yatar, Haris, Haddatha and Tibnin.
Schedule 3. Cash holdings at 31 December 1997
The priorities of post-conflict peace-building
Foreign commercial presence on an ad hoc basis.
Construction and maintenance of physical infrastructure and transit facilities fall under the responsibility of one or more ministries. Visa formalities may be carried out by yet another ministry and the ministry of foreign affairs also has a role to play.
Vice-Chairman-cum-Rapporteur: Mr. Petko Baev (Bulgaria)
4 Ibid., Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 9 and corrigendum (A/51/9 and Corr.1), para. 331.
The Committee was informed that, at the time of the meetings of the functional commissions of the Economic and Social Council relevant to the programme, the present revisions had not yet been finalized.
While continuing to encourage African countries to receive and provide for refugees, the international community must also acknowledge and assist the tremendous effort that many countries are currently making.
At 1610 hours the Lahad militia fired seven 155-mm artillery shells at areas along the Zahrani River from its positions at Zafatah.
An effective EMS assists an organization in formulating an environmental policy and objectives, taking into account legislative requirements and information about significant environmental aspects.
Under the supervision of the Senior Human Rights Officer, the Associate Human Rights Officer shall assist in the achievement of the objectives of the human rights programme.
1. The right to a fair and effective remedy
Fifty per cent of the overall WFP expenditure for food transport was spent in Africa.
The establishment of a non-governmental focal point or “observatory” for collecting and exchanging ocean-related information from all sources would increase the transparency of the existing system of ocean governance and at the same time make it more democratic.
Additional charge of $10,000 per month for lodging, meals and transportation of aircrew.
Since then, 823 communications concerning 56 States parties have been registered for consideration by the Committee, including 58 placed before it during the period covered by the present report (2 August 1997-31 July 1998).
13. The GM would operate according to the modus operandi and procedures agreed upon in harmony with those of the GM housing institution.
It has been learned indirectly that most of them were in fact released on condition that they returned to their countries of origin.
The objective was to harness the direct experience of the ECE secretariat regarding economic conditions in the transition economies and the high-quality analytical and policy-oriented work undertaken by UNCTAD in respect of enterprise development in developing and transition economies.
“Expresses its concern at severe restrictions on the work of non-governmental organizations and media personnel, including the banning of human rights organizations, and the harassment and detention of human rights defenders and journalists, and urges the authorities of the Democratic Republic of the Congo to address these concerns”
17. The RS Law on Abandoned Property, adopted during the war, continues to be used to deny property rights to Bosniaks and Croats forcibly evicted from their homes in 1995.
2. The situation in the Middle East [37]:
Further training and deployment of judges for Courts of First Instance (Juges de première instance) and court clerks (greffiers) are in particular need.
In their instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession, regional economic integration organizations shall declare the extent of their competence with respect to the matters governed by this Protocol.
15. In their discussions, the Ministers also reaffirmed their common will to prevent more effectively the outbreak of additional armed conflicts in their subregion and reiterated the need to establish as quickly as possible an early warning mechanism which would monitor the security, political, diplomatic, economic and social, and military and strategic situation, thereby contributing to improved prevention of armed conflict in Central Africa.
of Kyrgyzstan and Tajikistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
At 2020 hours Israeli forces fired four 155-mm shells at areas along the Litani River opposite Zillaya from their position at Abu Qamhah.
The Mission learned that the group travelled in three well-trained and well-armed units of eight, wearing dark clothing, with their faces covered with ski masks.
VI. Opinions expressed by the President of the International Narcotics Control Board and the President
In an effort to resist that step, efforts were made to politicize the issue by characterizing the Agency’s action as yet another reduction in services and step towards premature liquidation.
ICSC was sensitive to the risk faced on a daily basis by staff serving in hazardous locations, and considered that it was important to recognize and compensate for that service in some way, although to date the amount had been largely symbolic.
11. The low implementation rate in ITC can be explained in terms of the fundamental reorganization and restructuring that was taking place during the biennium.
Shots were also fired at the Jewish Quarter in the town.
Expected results are the changes or other benefits that will accrue to the end-users or recipients of the project activities in the course of striving to achieve the objective.
The private sector can be involved in each phase of the Special Programme, from the exploratory phase to the undertaking of the investment.
Thus, the UNPREDEP staff continued to receive MSA of $120 for the first 30 days and $90 per day thereafter, even though the DSA rate for the first 60 days has been set at $82 per day.
Future target-oriented meetings were discussed.
It is therefore recommended that prior to acceptance of the Working Group proposal, the Secretariat conduct a study to determine the practicality and cost of this proposal.
(v) Where the educational institution provides board:
It is my hope in particular that practical ways can be identified to take advantage of possible synergies between Telecom Interactive 97, which will be organized in Geneva under ITU auspices, and the activities that UNCTAD will be in a position to undertake in the near future in the context of telecommunications and development.
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:
Owing to the rental of larger premises and the higher number of persons to be accommodated at each team site, additional requirements are as follows: (a) $60 per site per month for the original 12 sites ($4,300); (b) $100 per site per month for the six additional sites ($3,600); and $200 per month for UNMOT headquarters ($1,200).
1. Strengthening the role of evaluation findings in programme design, delivery and policy directives
(i) Letter dated 20 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ethiopia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/528–S/1998/981);
Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Azerbaijan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the decree of the President of Azerbaijan on the genocide of Azerbaijanis, issued on 26 March 1998 (A/53/94–S/1998/309)
Since the beginning of 1998, some 112 Palestinian homes have been demolished in the West Bank and 14 in East Jerusalem, resulting in the displacement of over 440 Palestinians.
ADOPTION OF THE RULES OF PROCEDURE Margin settings
The number of closure days was less than in the previous reporting period, particularly in the West Bank, where the figure declined by more than half.
Depending on the funding source of the project, the Office’s services are compensated with either support costs or management fees.
Unknown assailants, believed to be settlers, gravely wounded two Palestinians in a drive-by shooting in Beit Hanina in northern Jerusalem.
178. No proposals were submitted under this question (item 14 (f)).
(e) Operative paragraph 17 (former paragraph 16), which had read:
This will enhance the use of Internet communications between Headquarters and offices in the field.
Furthermore, whenever an exception is sought, whether specifically enumerated or otherwise, full justification must be provided and approved by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services or other officials duly authorized under financial rule 110.16 (b), and this will be reflected in the Procurement Manual.
Saint Lucia 14 February 1990 b/ 16 March 1990
The issue was discussed at the International Conference on Drug Abuse and Illicit Trafficking, held at Vienna from 17 to 26 June 1987, where it was agreed that methodologies should be developed and systems instituted for assessing prevalence and trends of drug abuse on a comparable basis.
It was hoped that the secretariat of the Commission would be able to participate in those activities of UNCTAD; besides electronic commerce, the collaboration between the two organizations could extend to areas such as the settlement of disputes in the fields of trade and investment.
The subprogramme will also contribute to the efforts by the United Nations system for the eradication of poverty, in the context of both the objectives of the Summit and activities related to the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997-2006);
The first event is a morning workshop that will explore how to improve the way the international community communicates and publicizes the struggle against desertification, especially through the press.
The general thrust of the audit observations centred on the need for changes in the management of the contracts, highlighting especially the need for greater cooperation between the missions and Headquarters.
“Mechanism “1. The mechanism shall be called: ‘Dispute prevention and early settlement service’.
7. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Force against General Service posts, commensurate with the operational requirements of such posts;
Armed Israeli aggression against the Iraqi nuclear installations and its grave consequences for the established international system concerning the peaceful uses of nuclear energy, the non-proliferation of nuclear weapons and international peace and security [52]
96. The Administration informed the Board that it would obtain retrospective approval from the Property Survey Board for the cards used for sales promotion without prior approval.
(g) Criteria for the establishment of, and for management aspects of, MCPAs;
Other speakers will include Mr. Philip Alston, Chairman of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights; Mr. Wole Soyinka, Nobel Prize Laureate for Literature; H.E. Mr. Karmalesh Sharma, Permanent Representative of India to the United Nations; and Mr. Olara Otunnu, Special Represent-ative of the Secretary-General on the Impact of Armed Conflict on Children.
2. The Chairperson of the Commission at its first session congratulated the Chairperson of the second session of the Commission on his election, and thanked all delegations and the UNCTAD secretariat for their support during the first session.
(c) Promote the exploitation of agricultural wastes for energy production;
59. In this connection, the Advisory Committee notes that, for the Victims and Witnesses Section, it is proposed to redeploy a P-2 post to the section and establish 17 new posts (3 P-2 and 14 General Service), 9 of which are to replace general temporary assistance funding for witness assistants.
and Add.1 second session, held at Geneva from
In addition, an amount of $1,200 per month is included under mission subsistence allowance for within-mission travel allowance for payment of an accommodation allowance up to $60 per person per day in respect of military observers and military liaison officers who cannot be provided with United Nations accommodation while on duty travel within the mission area.
433. The Committee agreed that the pre-session working group should make it its usual practice to invite the specialized agencies to present to the Group country-specific information concerning periodic reports.
118. The Tribunal has received several offers of voluntary contributions for 1998, which should make it possible to cover a number of basic needs.
5 See report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions (A/52/308, paras. 6-12).
It confirmed that it had reintegrated converted and replaced systems into the operational environment.
34. Under the regular programme of technical cooperation, UNCTAD provides advisory services to developing countries.
59 WWF press releases, 5 and 7 November 1997.
312. The Committee considered the second, third and fourth periodic reports of the Dominican Republic (CEDAW/C/DOM/2-3 and CEDAW/C/DOM/4) at its 379th and 380th meetings, on 3 February 1998 (see CEDAW/C/SR.379 and 380).
24. Paragraph 23. The provisions of this paragraph confirm the present practice.
Consequences that the increase in the volume of cases before the International Court of Justice has on the operation of the Court
12. Notes the positive initiatives aimed at protecting the natural environment of New Caledonia, notably the “Zonéco” operation designed to map and evaluate marine resources within the economic zone of New Caledonia;
(d) United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods (Vienna, 1980).
Achieving a balance between the need for responsiveness and the need to minimize the risks involved, particularly in those areas where law and order has broken down, and having this balance accepted by all the players on the humanitarian stage will require great understanding on the part of all concerned.
32. As public debate, interest and awareness of the issue of impunity and compensation continued to grow, the Justice Ministry established an office, the Bureau poursuite et suivi, to handle the issue of compensation for victims of the coup d’état period.
Twenty-seven delegations from Eastern Europe and the CIS attended the Conference.
- Regional cooperation on developing various ways to deliver hydrocarbon raw materials via pipelines to world markets.
11. A Project Review Committee was established in August 1996 and meets twice a month to review all project proposals so as to improve programme planning and project design.
170. The Cambodia office continues to distribute large quantities of Khmer-language human rights information and materials, including the International Covenants on Human Rights, conventions and declarations, the Cambodia Constitution and relevant laws, and human rights curricula, to ministries and departments of the Government at the national, provincial and communal levels, judges, prosecutors, police, students and the general population.
In other cases, the divorced spouse did not remarry, but may not have received any benefits from the divorce settlement or court order, or portions of what was due to the divorced spouse may remain unpaid.
198. Deficiencies in the system of birth registration are of deep concern to the Committee since the failure to register children prevents them from being recognized as persons, from having access to education and health services and from being protected against trafficking and illegal adoption.
In addition, CARICOM countries are receiving support through UNDP’s forestry programme and the biodiversity window of the GEF in developing strategies for sustainable forest management and the protection of biodiversity.
It is suggested that commissions and working and study groups for the prevention and punishment of terrorism should be recommended to include mercenary activities in their analyses and conclusions”.
The review of shipping documents and inspection reports indicated that the general procedures applied should have ensured that the transit and import formalities would not become an obstacle for the consignment.
(d) Promote and guide, in accordance with the objective of the Convention and the provisions of this Protocol, the development and periodic refinement of comparable methodologies, to be agreed on by the Meeting of the Parties, inter alia, for preparing inventories of greenhouse gas emissions by sources and removals by sinks, and for evaluating the effectiveness of measures to limit the emissions and enhance the removals of these gases;
68. As summarized in section A above, one of the key issues continues to be the trafficking of heroin along the Balkan route and its new diversions through central and eastern European countries.
Mrs. Lolita Lebrón, on behalf of Puerto Rico, Mi Patria
In fact, some of those who took refuge in Rwanda in 1996 want to return to their country, which should also have a place for them.
Commitment authority (resolution 49/233 A)
39. WFP has established a global task force on El Niño that supports national food security assessments; FAO supports assessments of El Niño-induced impacts in the agricultural sector; WHO has engaged itself in programmes of El Niño impact assessment in the national health sectors.
They support exchanges and cooperation, including joint projects, in basic and applied scientific research as well as in areas of research and development with potential for the development of modern society and sustainable economic growth in the future.
Significant improvements have been made in the structure and presentation of the report of the Council to better assist the Assembly in its deliberations.
The provision includes related freight charges calculated at 15 per cent of the total value of the equipment ($90,000).
In some Ministries, the number of women significantly exceeded the number of men.
Member States are given credit in the Fund in proportion to their rates of contribution to the UNPREDEP budget.
65. The ongoing efforts aimed at introducing the concept of results-oriented budgeting are a step in the right direction.
Year 2000 awareness will be raised through a media campaign and a regional conference organized by ESCWA.
There are currently eight plans in the programme, the premiums of which are shared by the Organization and the participants under different cost-sharing formulas.
d If security officer and Deputy Secretary-General are not taken into account, 45.8 per cent were declined.
Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty
The Mission recorded a sharp increase in reports of beatings and other forms of ill-treatment by prison guards during 1998, including the first reported death of a detainee following a severe beating.
However, it could not reach an agreement on the proposed adoption of a certification of trade in SBT as a means of discouraging fishing activities of non-members or on a request of observer status for Greenpeace.
It provides also for 72 international staff and 117 locally recruited staff.
C 2 Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues;
There was extensive loss of life and livelihoods, damage to homes, infrastructure, crops and livestock, at an estimated overall cost to the national economy of US$ 2,538,000,000.
It will also benefit from the diverse views and aspirations expressed at a series of global and regional hearings and seminars that I propose to convene – global town meetings, in effect – and which many individual Governments, civil society actors and other groups are also holding.
Requirements for banking charges are estimated at $2,500.
58. Many children who are trafficked for the purposes of labour end up working in construction or in factories, exposed to a multitude of health risks, many of which prove fatal.
In this light, developing countries have frequently stressed at CoPs that they do not view JI in general as an alternative, but rather as an additional and complementary channel for fulfilling obligations under the Convention.
Its network of 19 affiliates in Latin America and North America provides $300 million a year in loans to poor entrepreneurs (56 per cent of whom are women).
213. On 17 March, it was reported that approximately 500,000 Palestinian residents of the West Bank and Gaza Strip (one fifth of the population) lived below the poverty line, mainly owing to the deteriorating situation of the labour market.
The two-year programme to upgrade and maintain the track began in 1996 and was designed to be carried out in four separate stages, corresponding to four defined sections of the road.
After the meeting, both parties returned home.
Prior to the establishment of the Air Operations and Air Safety Units, no detailed accounts of United Nations aviation records could be located.
III. DIVISION OF LABOUR BETWEEN THE SBI AND THE SBSTA
Innovations include a more reader-friendly edition of Basic Facts about the United Nations and the transformation of the UN Chronicle into a lively forum of opinion and debate as well as of essential news.
6.6.2.6.3 Every bottom discharge outlet, except as provided in 6.6.2.6.2, shall be equipped with three serially fitted and mutually independent shut-off devices.
Furthermore, Israel has detained dozens more in recent months.
22. As shown in the table below, it is proposed that the staffing proposed in the report of the Secretary-General of 20 February 1998 (A/52/730/Add.2) be maintained for the operation of MINURSO for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.
14. The United Nations is a global organization which aims to select consultants from the widest possible geographical base.
Additional messages to be developed in the framework of an ASYCUDA Transit Module will, as a matter of course, conform to international standards. GE.97-50764
Relevant chapter of the report Territory of the Special Committee
As a result of the project, all the target areas, with a population of approximately 2,600 persons, who were heavily dependent on opium-growing for their livelihood, were declared opium-free.
Peace appeared to have been achieved when, in November 1996, an agreement was signed between President Alhadji Ahmed Tejan Kabbah and the rebel chief, Foday Sankoh.
Other Secretariat departments and offices involved in providing backstopping support
These commercial satellites are summarized in table 1.
Item 113 of the provisional agenda A/53/150.
This failure, together with the improper segregation of duties, poor supervision and lack of rotation of functions allowed for the improperly documented and fraudulent transactions.
International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia
A local support for the TEAM is essential, and participation of the relevant bodies in a local TEAM committee would be a prerequisite.
Additional requirements of $329,469 were due to the drastic increase in the price of fuel during the financial period.
Some 1,000 organizations were accredited on that occasion.
With regard to budgetary controls, the Office confirmed that some delays were experienced in providing IMIS expenditure reports to the field, but that this situation has since been resolved.
In view of the urgency of the communications, the Committee has requested the States parties concerned not to carry out the death sentences while the cases are under consideration.
The legal forces of the State have taken protection and neutralization measures of a scope and intensity needed to put an end to such criminal activities.
To do so, they have investigatory powers defined in articles 45 and 49 of the Act.
There was a reaffirmation of the political commitment to achieve the strategic goals set in the 1988 Ministerial Declaration and to define a series of more specific targets to be reviewed in 2003 and achieved before 2005.
between States and international organizations” (A/AC.182/L.95/Rev.1), and of the working paper submitted by Costa Rica, entitled “An alternative drafting to the working paper submitted by Guatemala (A/AC.182/L.95/Rev.1) entitled ‘Possible amendments to the Statute of the
While it was true that globalization and the growth of multi-ethnic populations worldwide had presented a challenge to the international private sector, which for the past decade or so had been concentrating considerable resources towards developing a more diversified workforce, diversity was a given in the United Nations.
We reaffirm the determination of the United States and the Russian Federation to cooperate actively and closely with each other, as well as with all other interested countries, to avert and reduce this threat by taking new steps, seeking new forms of collaboration and strengthening generally recognized international norms.
The Meeting was opened on 28 May 1997 by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, Mr. Rubens Ricupero.4/
Women campaigners active in the field of human rights and community-based women’s projects came together from countries in Central America to share strategies and tools for increasing women’s political influence.
In this connection, provision is made for the extension of this equipment to the regional headquarters by replacing the 2 old message switching nodes ($60,000).
II. Consideration of draft decision A/C.5/53/L.26
Some of these prohibitions cover steps which have the result of denying uniform opportunities for supply (discrimination), while others cover aggressive selling techniques or the imposition of uniform minimum prices.
The persistence of such traditional practices and attitudes seriously hampers the enjoyment of the rights of the child.
It is our task to prevent this; to ensure that globalization leads to progress, prosperity and security for all.
While the increased use of electronic communication was supported, concern was expressed that there was a considerable technological gap between Member States.
The proposed new sentence would broaden the scope of funding under Article 4.3 and omit both the concept of agreement in relation to the costs to be funded and reference to Article 11.
The major issues of concern to the Secretariat are the financial implications resulting from the retroactive implementation of the new procedures to missions in the liquidation phase and the financial liability to the United Nations for losses of contingent-owned equipment due to hostile action or forced abandonment.
National drug control planning and coordination institutions will be established or strengthened, national drug control plans adopted, and drug control concerns included in national development plans.
- Evaluation of progress towards the establishment of an early warning mechanism as a means of preventing crises and conflicts in Central Africa.
42. In cooperation with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme, the Centre has worked on the elaboration of a model law against corruption that contains provisions designed to assist Member States to prevent, detect and fight corruption in a more effective way.
Experience shows that this kind of activity, if done properly and systematically, requires considerable time and effort from oversight units which are already faced with increased demands and constrained resources.
(b) Eco-restructuring for sustainable development.
Between 1300 and 1320 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells and 120-mm mortar shells at Arabsalim and outlying areas nearby and at areas along the Zahrani River.
49. There is now an increasing awareness of the strategic importance of attaining the goal of full, productive and freely chosen employment.
It notes that in February 1996, UNMIH management circulated a list to requisitioners setting out purchases made in the previous six months, grouped by commodity.
While, under the circumstances, the Committee has no objection to the proposed upgradings, it points out that requests for reclassification of posts should normally be made in the context of initial budgets.
23. As at 31 December 1995, the account established prior to 16 June 1993 had an available cash balance of approximately $200,000.
Consequently, the Agency was unable to fully exercise its right to functional protection of staff members arrested and detained.
12. Calls for the convening of an international conference on nuclear disarmament at an early date with the objective of arriving at an agreement on a phased programme of nuclear disarmament and for the eventual elimination of nuclear weapons with a specified framework of time through a nuclear weapons convention;
In the course of the ensuing discussion, interventions were made and questions raised by the representatives of Lebanon, New Zealand, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union), the United States of America, Canada and Bangladesh.
Taking no further action, and leaving it up to individual Parties for their own purposes to apply any adjustments, consistent with the guidelines from the COP; and/orFCCC/SBSTA/1997/9
A supplementary note on indigenous peoples and health prepared by the Secretary-General is contained in document E/CN.4/Sub.2/AC.4/1997/4.
In addition, the Fund's recognized capacity in the area of domestic resource mobilization and rural financial services, including savings mobilization, will be relevant.
The United Nations Board of Auditors would continue to audit ITC accounts and activities, and its findings would continue to be transmitted to the General Assembly, and by the Secretary-General to the General Council of WTO.
27. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, in its report on financing of UNMOT (A/51/850), noted that the Government of Germany had made a voluntary cash contribution of $717,463, intended to fund the cost of UNMOT helicopter operations.
Such projections do not incorporate the effects of any of the measures described in the communication or undertaken elsewhere but not described and assume that total energy consumption will increase by 0.8 to 0.9 per cent annually until 2000.
This is completely without any foundation in fact.
(b) Consider entering into agreements and arrangements with other States, particularly neighbouring States, to facilitate the use of controlled deliveries; or consider that possibility on a case-by-case basis;
3. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the meeting:
Taking note of the views expressed by Governments, including those reflected in the notes by the Secretary-General of 24 March 1998 A/52/840. and 8 October 1998, A/53/470. on the key elements that might be included in consideration of financing for development,
His delegation recognized UNCTAD’s important contribution to the promotion of the smooth implementation of the Set, helping to promote international harmonization of rules and improving transparency in respect of restrictive business practices in developing countries.
(c) Technical Assistance: Activities were concluded in 1997 on the evaluation of the nutritional and educative impact of the school lunches programme in Uruguay; the evaluation of the food subprogramme of the solidarity support for the elderly programme in Argentina; and the impact evaluation of the support to micro-enterprises programme of the Fund for Social Investment and Solidarity carried out by the Ministry of Planning and Cooperation of Chile.
All those detained in Dili and Semerang in connection with this incident, including Avelino’s brother, Adelino Coelho da Silva, have been severely tortured.
Letter dated 15 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting a statement on Myanmar, issued on 11 September 1998 by the Presidency of the European Union (A/53/404)
It was now necessary to move to more concrete objectives and measures.
The degree of strictness of the closures imposed on the occupied territories varies.
The preliminary concept paper had included information on the operations of the Fund over the 10-year period from 1986 to 1996 and made projections to the years 2001 and 2006.
49. As a primary caregiving system in many societies, the family is the first resource and last resort for individuals throughout life – a launching pad for early life and the landing pad of late life.
The sharp decline in industrial activity and the ongoing restructuring in the Russian economy make it likely that energy-related CO2 emissions will only return to 1990 levels after 2010.
An improvement in financial management is warranted in view of the fact that the present balance in the working capital is not enough to discharge fully its obligations (recommendation 10 (a)).
The team noted that, despite the history of relatively detailed assessment of the emissions and removals in that sector, the uncertainties are still considerable.
Desiring to elaborate further the division of labour between the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation,
It is expected that by the year 2000 about half of the country's communities, accounting for about 85 per cent of the population, will be connected to the natural gas grid. At present, 70 per cent of the population are connected.
As a result, UNDP programme interventions gradually moved away from the traditional public sector reform projects to focus more on (a) governing institutions, (b) decentralization and local governance, (c) urban management and (d) capacity development and learning tools/methodologies.
5. In the 1970s and 1980s, it was sometimes said that technology had taken the lead over politics.
5. In the Conference on Disarmament, which is the only multilateral negotiating forum on disarmament, the “Group of 21” has insisted on the need for establishing an ad hoc committee on nuclear disarmament with a negotiating mandate.
ICSC is assisted by a subsidiary body, the Advisory Committee on Post Adjustment Questions, composed of statisticians of repute, which advises the Commission on technical aspects and statistical methodology.
We all remember the promises made in the context of the structural adjustment programmes which very rapidly turned into a resounding failure in all the countries that applied them.
It endorsed the recommendations made in their regard.
Further, the transit module should limit the number of data elements to a strict minimum required to make it as simple and practicable as possible.
The recorded expenditure relates to the purchase of tire-changing equipment, hydraulic and mechanical jacks, battery chargers and testers, bench grinders, hand drills and other related items.
The Agreement, which requires ratification by 10 States to enter into force, has so far been ratified by Norway.
Major efforts to ensure the equal distribution of health services and medical supplies between and within regions are required immediately.
Subprogramme 14.6 Promoting the advancement of women
While there has been important progress since mid-decade in meeting many of the targets agreed upon in 1990, much remains to be done if all of the goals for children are to be accomplished at the global level by the year 2000.
15. As indicated in the report of the Secretary-General (A/52/579), the revised estimated overall project cost would amount to $115,228,494, or $7,651,594 above the appropriation of $107,576,900 approved by the Assembly.
globalizing world economy 1. At its 881st (closing) meeting, on 18 October 1996, the Trade and Development Board decided to include in the report on its forty-third session the remarks on agenda item 2 made by the Chairman of the high-level segment at the close of the high-level proceedings on 10 October 1996.
38. The Board found that the procurement procedures were in accordance with the Financial Rules of the United Nations.
Their proportion is relatively low in Brazil and Malaysia.
7. During the lifetime of the test site, the Semipalatinsk region became heavily dependent on economic activities associated with the nuclear testing ground.
111. The view was expressed that paragraph 50 of the notes might need to be revised so as to ensure its consistency with the advice provided in chapter III, "Selection of the concessionaire".
Realignment of the amounts allotted to the Division and to the missions for specific items is done throughout the year as the need arises.
Indian rupees 129 351 Indonesian rupiahs 17 066 Total 285 228 (c) Statement VIII excludes expenditures on nationally executed UNDP projects executed on a cooperating agency basis and projects executed on an associated agency basis by the following offices:
9. During the reporting period the Mission was entrusted with additional responsibilities with regard to the role of IPTF in Brcko, the investigation of human rights abuses by police of the local authorities in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the setting up of specialized training units as entailed in Security Council resolutions 1103 (1997) of 31 March 1997, 1107 (1997) and 1168 (1998) of 21 May 1998.
46. Transparency, timeliness, accountability and cost-effectiveness are the guiding principles behind all resource mobilization efforts in support of mine action throughout the United Nations system.
The translation of the Convention into the major national minority languages would form an integral part of these dissemination activities.
The World Trade Organization was also represented at the session.
Those issues, which had also formed part of the subject matter of annex II to resolution 51/242, were being examined in other forums within the Organization and it was not appropriate for the Special Committee to address them.
They were also considered at an international seminar on lessons learned in humanitarian coordination, held at Stockholm in April 1998.
The Committee emphasised that to carry out its mandate effectively, members must have copies of State reports in advance of the working group or session at which they are to be considered.
(b) To respond to requests from Governments and intergovernmental bodies for information, methodologies, assessments and policy proposals regarding the linkages between political and economic issues and policies and to prepare reports, as required, on the economic and social impact of United Nations-imposed sanctions, the imposition of coercive economic measures, the implications of the peace-development link and selected aspects of post-conflict rehabilitation and reconstruction;
Trial Court Judge in Chamber I for the trials of Jean-Paul Akayesu, Bourgmestre; Jean Kambanda, Prime Minister; Georges Rutaganda, Interahamwe Vice-President.
59. FAO has been actively working to contribute to food security in Mozambique through fostering sustainable production, promoting the interests of vulnerable groups and the family sector by improving agricultural productivity, market management, utilization of natural resources and improving institutional capacity.
Even where a national drug control coordinating body existed, many countries reported the challenge of their tasks in the face of both budgetary and human resource constraints.
58. At its 15th (closing) plenary meeting, on 3 October 1997, the Commission adopted the draft report on its second session (TD/B/COM.2/L.4 and Add.1), subject to amendments by member States to the summaries of their statements, and authorized the Rapporteur to complete the text of the report in the light of the proceedings of the closing plenary. ANNEXES
Twelve master plans are being considered for the future.
V. WORK OF THE COMMITTEE DURING THE FIFTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY, FROM 17 SEPTEMBER TO 20 DECEMBER 1996 . 146 - 147 23
39. A number of approaches have been proposed for measuring liabilities relating to future site restoration, or closure and removal, costs and for other situations where expenditures relating to the settlement of the liability are not expected to be incurred for a considerable period of time.
Provision is made for payment of mission subsistence allowance at $90 per day for 1,050 person/days ($94,500), repatriation travel to 35 military observers at the average cost of $1,600 per trip ($56,000), and equipment and clothing allowance at $200 per annum ($600).
7. Also at the same meeting, the Committee adopted the first preambular paragraph and operative paragraphs 3, 4, 5 and 16 of draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.52 by a recorded vote of 51 to 2, with 38 abstentions.
41. Human rights violations may be discussed in international bodies irrespective of any State involvement in their perpetration.
Relevant information has been provided to assist Taiwan Province of China in the construction of a publicly accessible database on APEC competition policy and law.
In line with the Secretary-General’s approach to the reform of the management of the Organization, heads of departments and offices will have primary responsibility and be accountable for the achievement of gender balance in their offices (see para. 29 below).
Box 1: A practical example of how telecommunications affect business and trade: The Czech Republic 6
Equally important is the strengthening of partnerships with Governments, non-governmental organizations, United Nations agencies, other international organizations and bilateral partners established during the World Summit for Children and reinforced since then, particularly during the mid-decade assessment.
WHEREAS, the United Nations and the Foundation desire to cooperate in regard to activities of the Foundation and the United Nations for these purposes.
The release of the entire payment in advance rather than in instalments created a significant risk that value for money paid would not be achieved and also removed the incentive for the contractor to complete the work on time.
An amount of $155,400 is proposed for computer maintenance.
20. Economic and social development in Western Asia
The Committee comments that despite the fact that women in Croatia are well-educated and participate in the labour force in large numbers, a careful and gender-sensitive analysis of the emphasis on motherhood vis-à-vis women’s roles in the public sphere is needed on the part of the Government to assure de facto gender equality in the Croatian society of the future.
On Monday, 24 November, the second phase of the substantive talks between Ecuador and Peru conducted within the framework of the Santiago Agreement of 29 October 1996 began in Brasilia, the Federative Republic of Brazil.
The provisional agendas just approved for the forty-third session of the Board and the first sessions of the Commissions were excellent; he welcomed in particular the discussion on item 3 of the Board's agenda, to which his country attached considerable importance.
With a letter dated 28 January 1998 (A/52/779-S/1998/81) addressed to you, my predecessor conveyed the grave concern of my Government regarding the Greek/Greek Cypriot military preparations in Cyprus.
(c) Invited Parties to submit further proposals, especially proposals incorporating draft text for the instrument, and requested the secretariat to issue such proposals in a miscellaneous document in accordance with the usual practice.
301. One of the purposes of the United Nations was to bring all peoples together with a greater appreciation for their diversity.
3. Human resources management [153] (A/52/580 and Corr.1)
In its resolution 1186 (1998) of 21 July 1998, however, the Council extended the mandate of the Force until 28 February 1999 and decided to authorize an increase in its troop strength up to 1,050.
In that report, MINUGUA stressed that criminal violence was one of the main factors affecting human rights in Guatemala and noted that, despite the State’s efforts, serious shortcomings in the administration of justice and the National Civil Police still prevented the effective investigation, prosecution and punishment of offenders.
This reflects a decline of $33,999,748, or 25 per cent.
There are also non-official detention areas within military positions.
Proceedings of the Conference on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court: volume I (summary records); and volume II (proposals, reports and other documents);
The Board recommends that the Administration analyse the reasons for substantial time overruns in projects and take corrective measures.
In doing so, it should bear in mind the staffing and financial implications of some of these proposals.
In view of the functional differences between health insurance and the commercial insurance arrangements, two separate reports are submitted to the General Assembly.
The term “caste” has its origins in the functional division of Indian society during ancient times and, to an extent, it is akin to the system of guilds and clans prevalent earlier in the West.
The Working Group established by the Committee offered great promise for resolving the problem of indebtedness in the diplomatic community.
The Building Maintenance Unit does not have another person qualified to operate the loader/digger, which is in constant demand to dig trenches for repairs to or installation of water pipes, drains and electrical cables.
This procedure would allow countries wishing to attract investment to be able to address themselves to a single body capable of guiding them in their search for potential investors.
9. The Sixth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:
40. Regional commissions should play an increasingly active role in promoting and supporting intraregional and interregional TCDC and ECDC activities of strategic importance, and should work closely with regional and subregional groupings, networks and centres of excellence in developing countries in this endeavour.
As industries became more sophisticated, liberalization measures were used to strengthen financial and technical capabilities, but these were complemented with supervised merger activity, as for example with steel production in the late 1960s, so as to ensure that scale advantages were not lost.
Statements were made by the representatives of Pakistan, China and Brazil.
102. The programming activities of the United Nations system can be described as parts of a cooperation programming cycle, which include the following components:
27. Only five States (Iran (Islamic Republic of), Italy, Netherlands, Oman and Sweden) were known to have discontinued maintenance programmes. The Islamic Republic of Iran had abolished methadone maintenance, since "according to the law addiction is known as a crime".
1363. During the period covered by the present report, the Committee pursued its cooperation with United Nations bodies, specialized agencies and other competent bodies.
23. The proposed text of the communication to the Human Rights Committee reads as follows:
(a) All invitations to bid should be posted on the Procurement Division Web site homepage as soon as they are prepared, in accordance with the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations;
Statement by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Azerbaijani Republic adopted on 10 December 1998
Six of the F-16 violated the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus, flying over the area of Karpasia, exiting afterwards in a south-easterly direction.
1. There is only one China in the world; the Government of the People’s Republic of China is the sole legal Government representing the whole of China, and Taiwan is an inalienable part of China.
(a) substantially immune to attack by the substance(s) intended to be transported; or
The introduction of new or increased oil taxation shall be ruled out.
148. On 10 December, a military court sentenced a Palestinian from a village near Ramallah to life imprisonment for killing 10 Palestinians he suspected of collaborating with Israel.
As a complement to the investment in alternative development within Afghanistan, substantially more resources will be allocated to the suppression of illicit drug trafficking in the countries surrounding Afghanistan in order to sever drug-trafficking links emanating from that country.
The Committee began the adoption, in closed session, of con-cluding observations on reports considered at the present session.
9. On the date of the election, the General Assembly will elect three judges from the list of candidates submitted to it by the Security Council.
At its first session, the COP agreed (FCCC/CP/1995/7, para. 22), on the proposal of the President, that the secretariat should invite to the future sessions of the Conference and of its subsidiary bodies all intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations admitted at that session and at future sessions, unless an objection was raised to any particular organization in accordance with the Convention and the rules of procedure.
On the contrary, their members have proven the ability to adapt to evolving needs.
If this issue were to be reconsidered, it would need to be re-examined in the context of the adjustment of the base/floor salary scale.
(c) two thirds of the minimum test pressure specified in the applicable portable tank instruction in 4.2.4.2.6;
∙ Performance of an assessment of the self-insurance fund with a view to eliminating or reducing the annual allocation of $200,000.
20. Trust fund for confidence-building measures in Eastern Slavonia.
3. If three such unrestricted ballots are inconclusive, the next three ballots shall be restricted to the candidates who obtained the greatest number of votes in the third of the unrestricted ballots, to a number not more than twice the places remaining to be filled, and the following three ballots thereafter shall be unrestricted, and so on until all the places have been filled.
Option 1: Maintaining the established practice for the election of new non-permanent members;
(a) Appropriate disclosure principles will be observed in accordance with the United Nations accounting standards.
30. By this Working Group initiative, a troop-contributing country will be reimbursed at the dry-lease rate for excessive delays in the repatriation of its contingent-owned equipment.
34. From an economic standpoint, deliberative councils facilitate information transmission.
144. UNPF started to dispose of scrap items in 1995.
This review should focus particularly on assessing the experiences of local authorities and their global associations, non-governmental organizations and their global and regional bodies, private sector representatives, global habitat parliamentarians, academic institutions, trade unions and community groups.
The budgetary implications of specific reform measures should be indicated in the proposed programme budget.
For example, employees may try to circumvent burdensome procedures, inefficient operations may cause delays and diluted responsibilities may make it difficult to identify accountable individuals.
(on Second Committee organizational matters) 9.15 a.m.-
L’Association internationale des maires et responsables des capitales et des metropoles partiellement ou entierement francophones (AIMF) (The International Association of Mayors and Officials of Partially or Wholly Francophone Capitals and Metropolitan Countries).
The Committee also recommends that the Government use temporary special measures to break through the sex segregation of the labour market.
In these occupied areas, the Eritrean regime is extensively and indiscriminately deploying anti-personnel landmines to terrorize Ethiopian civilians and deny them access to farmlands, and to cause famine and to evict Ethiopians of their land and, eventually, the occupied territories.
B. Election of officers other than the Chairman
Units and kilograms are reported separately for depressants other than methaqualone, since the form of preparation, the source of origin and the particular depressant to which they are related are not known.
79. The Committee noted the importance, particularly for developing countries, of sharing experiences and technologies, of cooperating through international and regional remote sensing centres and of working jointly on collaborative projects.
First and foremost is the need to ensure the full support and participation of all staff members in the reform initiatives.
In Lebanon, and especially in Beirut, there are currently about 20,000 subscribers (5,000 in 1996).
In that connection, it is recalled that the Secretary-General proposed that the rates of honorariums be applicable also to the members of the Committee upon the entry into force of the Convention (A/C.5/47/45, para. 17).
ECOWAS has adopted legal instruments to promote regional security, peace and stability, these being prerequisites for the achievement of rapid regional integration and the socio-economic development of West Africa.
(e) The provision of inadequate information on the numbers of women using health facilities, especially those with HIV/AIDS and sexually transmitted diseases, in the report.
and Add.1 of a multilateral consultative process: submissions by intergovernmental and non-governmental bodies
Thus, for example, only those contributions that fell due and payable between 1 January 1996 and 31 December 1997 were included in the amount of the contributions due for the preceding two full years for purposes of calculations for Article 19 as at 1 January 1998.
Thus, the secretariats of CITES and the Basel Convention have been providing technical assistance, but the levels of funding have been low.Projects requiring a limited amount of funding have nevertheless been very successful.
The Secretary-General proposed that the expenditures for the period be charged to the budget of current peacekeeping operations and reported in the context of their performance reports.
43. Providing for the rehabilitation and, where appropriate, the reintegration of young women and young men from juvenile detention and incarceration into society, especially in the educational setting;
Convention on Biological Diversity, opened for signature at Rio de Janeiro on 5 June 1992
Increased cooperation will be sought with non-traditional partners, including the community of non-governmental organizations, the United Nations Fund for International Partnerships, and the private sector.
Of those amounts, inter-office vouchers with a gross value of $4.4 million (net $3.5 million) had remained unidentified and had been incorrectly classified as deferred charges within statement V of the United Nations financial statements.
Letter dated 30 September 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran and Turkmenistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/453)
21. Some delegations shared the view that there was a need to elaborate a new international convention for suppressing acts of nuclear terrorism and welcomed the initiative taken by the Russian Federation.
With regard to the mistreatment of prisoners, Mr. Bakhtiari declared such treatment was anti-Islamic and that every person detained or imprisoned on any ground should receive treatment according to law.
The top level and navigational menus would be in the two working languages of the Secretariat, English and French.
12. Requests the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures to implement the present resolution in respect of the status-of-forces agreements in accordance with paragraph 40 of his report;1
For Switzerland and Finland, emissions apparently fluctuated around levels of 1990, and for Slovakia, although a downward trend was evident in the years immediately following 1990, in recent years emissions have begun to rise.
1997 Chairman, UNCTAD Expert Meeting on Existing Agreements on Investment and their Development Dimensions.
The hearings had been meant to provide Palestinian landowners with the opportunity to submit proof of their title deeds to land that the Israeli Government planned to confiscate in order to expand the Maaleh Adumim settlement.
3. For the documents before the Committee under this item, see A/53/625.
(a) The forms are written in clear, straightforward language;
The Commission noted that, at that meeting, it had been confirmed that the private international law priority provisions contained in the draft convention would be appropriate, provided that their application was limited to the transactions falling under the scope of the draft convention.
The Subsidiary Body for Implementation, with input from the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice as appropriate, will have the responsibility for assisting the Conference of the Parties in the assessment and review of the effective implementation of the Convention, with respect to research and systematic observation.
Corr.1 and 2 and Add.1 Synthesis report on activities implemented jointly
The Microeconomic and Social Analysis Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs will organize a Training Seminar on the subject “Globalization and Taxation”.
139. Financing of the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium and the Civilian Police Support Group
In accordance with INCD decision 10/11, taken at the Committee’s tenth session, the COP will have before it in document ICCD/COP(1)/6 a list of nominations received by the interim secretariat before 31 May 1997.
Again, the experience with learning from best practices will be a specific aspect of this review.
Since the last financial performance report, ten States ratified or acceded to the Convention (six in 1996 and four in 1997), bringing the total number of Parties to 167.
The Committee was informed that the terminology “feminization of poverty” was used in the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action, and that the words “gender-sensitive” before “demographic analysis” meant that the demographic analysis to be carried out by ESCWA would include gender variables.
The present report should be read in conjunction with the report of the Secretary-General (A/52/805) which contains, inter alia, supplementary information on mission-specific costs and ratios, requirements for non-recurrent costs, an organizational chart and a map for UNPREDEP. A/53/437
The following section highlights this collaboration.
Chairman of the Committee submitting proposals for the incorporation into Norwegian law of human rights conventions (NOU 1993:18).
1. As it is known, the Republic of Turkey, though not a Party to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), is placed in the Annexes I and II of the said Convention.
The General Assembly should approve funding expenditures for the development of a remote connectivity capability in IMIS to support peacekeeping operations, tribunals and the operations of other interested agencies.
Repatriation and reintegration of Malian refugees
This should contribute to a better understanding of market dynamics and trends, barriers to entry, trade and investment flows, and bio-business development options and incentives.
71. The 1997 Source Book of Alternative Technologies for Freshwater Augmentation was prepared by the Unit of Sustainable Development and Environment of the General Secretariat of OAS, as part of a joint UNEP Water Branch and International Environmental Technology Centre effort, with the purpose of providing water resource managers and planners with information on used technologies, especially in developing countries and economies in transition.
Having considered the report of the Secretary-General on procurement reformA/52/534 and Corr.1. and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,A/52/7/Add.3.
Review and analysis of data submitted periodically by troop-contributing Governments on the cost of providing national troops to peacekeeping and other missions; annual review and analysis of changes in inflation and currency exchange rates and their implications for standard rates of reimbursement for troop costs; and preparation of reports to the General Assembly on the review of the standard rates of reimbursement for troop costs.
The Regional Gender Programme’s focus is on women’s economic and political empowerment, women’s leadership in the peace-building process, access to science and technology, and institutional capacity development for engendering national policy analysis.
They also incorporate any new information that IFAD or UNDP provided in the course of consultations on this document.
6. At the beginning of June, the UF forces, under General Abdul Rashid Dostum, leader of the Jumbesh party, launched an attack on the Taliban forces in the Gormach-Bala Murgab area in the north-western province of Badghis, near the border with Turkmenistan.
5. The Chairperson said that foreign direct investment had become the main mode for delivering goods and services to foreign markets, and one of the driving forces of the process of globalization.
V. Relationship between the Security Council and regional arrangements, organizations and agencies
This report can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1.
II. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997
Having considered the question of New Caledonia,
These market and policy failures raise three important questions: the crucial role played by the various stakeholders, both at the source and at the end of these "benefits"; the need to bring as much transparency as possible to existing and projected instruments for their appropriation (benefit sharing); and the need to identify appropriate mechanisms to internalize positive environmental externalities.
(b) Drier-than-normal conditions are usually observed over south-eastern Africa and northern Brazil;
The parties agreed to substantially reduce discharges, emissions and losses of radioactive substances by 2000 and, by 2020, to reduce them to levels where the additional concentrations in the marine environment above historic levels, resulting from such discharges, emissions and losses, are close to zero.68
2. Support to the Committee: Plan of Action to strengthen the implementation of the Convention
At 1535 hours hostile forces and the army of the minion Lahad fired artillery shells at Mlita hill, Mazra`at Uqmata, areas along the Nab` al-Tasah and Jabal Safi.
The consortium partners were attracted because Grameen Telecom has the licence to access 300 kilometers of fibre route along the railway lines between the main cities, Dhaka and Chittagong, to which it can connect its radio base stations.
The decision of the General Assembly that no more than five special conferences should take place in a given year and that no more than one special conference should be convened at the same time should be strictly implemented.”
Furthermore, the proposals aim to uphold the external balance between Turkey and Greece over Cyprus and the internal balance between the two sides as established by the 1960 Agreements.
First, the United Nations University and other similar bodies such as the United Nations Research Institute for Social Development need to be allowed to pursue their research activities with a degree of autonomy and intellectual rigour.
21. The Advisory Committee was also informed of delays in deployment of staff for the Support Group; thus, at the time of the Committee’s deliberations on the report of the Secretary-General, only 32 (out of 52) posts in the category of internationally recruited staff were filled and only 140 (out of 165) posts in the category of locally recruited staff were filled.
5.What are the areas in which most differences among BITs are to be found, and why?
3. Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI):
319. The Committee shares the view of the State party that major efforts are required to address harmful practices such as early marriage, betrothals of children, female genital mutilation and abuse of children in the family.
UNIFEM United Nations Development Fund for Women
The Palestinian Authority is allowed to deploy up to 24,000 policemen in the West Bank and Gaza Strip under the 1995 interim agreement.
a Based on effective rates of assessment for 1997.
5. Requests the Secretary-General to ensure that individual managers are held accountable for implementing the strategic plan within their areas of responsibility;
That reaffirmation is based on a shared vision of United Nations development assistance that helps the poorest countries and the most vulnerable and disadvantaged groups.
For other agricultural commodities, vagaries in the weather tends to be the main cause, while changes in industrial activity and hence demand tend to cause instability in metals prices.
3. Supports the work of the open-ended inter-sessional working group of the Commission on Human Rights on the elaboration of a draft optional protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child related to the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography, and expresses the hope that it will make further progress prior to the fifty-fifth session of the Commission with a view to finalizing that work before the tenth anniversary of the Convention on the Rights of the Child;
In this connection, suggestions were made that future annual workshops should include discussions of thematic issues, such as human rights education and the right to development, as a means of facilitating practical progress in regional cooperation.
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi —
ANNOUNCEMENT Copies of the revised non-paper prepared by the Secretariat on preparations for the forty-second session of the Commission on the Status of women are available for delegations at the Division for the Advancement of Women (room DC 2-1216). MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS
Based on the expected additional costs to be borne by the Fund and the drop in the level of total pensionable remuneration (see para. 175 (a) below), the administrative costs were likely to rise to the order of 0.25 per cent of pensionable remuneration.
In most camps, women must venture beyond the camp perimeters, sometimes walking several kilometres, to collect wood for their cooking fires.
For its consideration of the substantive agenda item (item 3) the Expert Meeting had before it a document by the UNCTAD secretariat entitled “Use of information technologies to make transit arrangements more effective” (TD/B/COM.3/EM.1/2 and Add.1).
The cost estimates provide for the maintenance of 1,350 military contingent personnel, 24 civilian police experts, 106 international staff and 73 local staff.
It is the view of the Committee that reports of the Board and the related report of the Committee should be published before the start of the regular session of the Assembly.
As a result of this blatant abuse, one Ethiopian passed away immediately and three others sustained grave injuries.
A basic concern of developing countries was the scope of complementarity between trade liberalization, economic development, and environment conservation and protection.
The Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Ecuador and Peru shall evaluate the implementation of the process described in this document and shall maintain ongoing direct contact.
218. United Nations Asian Seminar on the Question of Palestine [General Assembly resolution 51/23]
The representative of France made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/52/L.1.
In 1990 it had a lower-than-average level of energy use per capita compared with other OECD countries (3.7 tonnes of oil equivalent (toe) in comparison to 4.8 for OECD countries) but a slightly higher level than the average for the European Community (3.6 toe).
(i) Project personnel in short-term status may be granted sick leave at the rate of two working days per month of service;
The World Trade Organization was also represented at the meeting.
Work is also under way on a Directory of non-governmental organizations in the West Bank, also to be published in 1998.
REPORT OF THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE ON THE
The Committee also expresses its appreciation to the State party’s delegation for the additional information it provided to the Committee both orally and in writing.
Under article 15 of the decree of 8 October 1982, a child may remain in a detention centre for six months without benefit of the judicial guarantees recognized in articles 12 (2) and 37 (b) of the Convention on the Rights of the Child:
2. Notes that the Committee on Information was unable to finish its task during its nineteenth session;
It emphasizes that the Government, rather than women themselves, have primary responsibility for implementing strategies to eliminate these forms of discrimination.
(h) Monitoring, evaluation and implementation modalities were seldom indicated in systematic terms.
The Committee was informed that the draft resolution contained no programme budget implications and that Poland was not a sponsor.
2 Ibid., Fiftieth Session, Supplement No. 32 (A/50/32 and Add.1 and 2).
This is already the practice, because of the urgency in the case of requests for interim measures of protection.
Spring-loaded relief devices shall be used to achieve the full relief capacity prescribed.
Contributions received as at 28 February 1998 amounted to $22,132,497, resulting in a shortfall of $4,766,025.
The ever-increasing number of persons arrested for drug offences and drug-related offences has led to an overloading of many criminal justice systems, resulting in congestion and delay of all types of cases.
23. The Independent Chairman of the FAO Council is the only officer of the FAO governing bodies who receives an allowance.
ensure support to the Secretariat and provide central control in respect of requirements for furniture, equipment, communications and other operating requirements; and
12 That estimate of short-term debt is reported in the press, and differs from the amount of short-term debt reported by J. P. Morgan Bank (see table 2), which shows an amount of $28.6 billion; differences in estimates betray difficulties in collecting accurate information on short-term debt.
The best results are produced, research shows, when developing country Governments and non-governmental organizations work hand in hand.
As finances become more limited globally, the need to seek cost-efficient and cost-effective strategies for the strengthening of health systems and health-care interventions is becoming more urgent.
The individual character of cooperatives is recognized only in some instances, as in the case of local taxation.
For projection purposes, four Parties adjusted their base year figures upwards to account for climatic anomalies in the base year.
(c) To decide to apply to the Support Group the special arrangements approved for UNTAES by its resolution 51/153 B, as regards article IV of the financial regulations of the United Nations, as set out in paragraph 5 above.
In the event of any conflict between any provision of these rules and any provision of the Convention, the Convention shall prevail.
Whether to provide for the expression of differing views from the same constituency, for example, the business and industry constituency; and
(c) Sustainability of the Development Account and its activities beyond the year 2003;
Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions
The software allows for a cross-country comparison of basic indicators on the import regime, such as tariff averages and the incidences of non-tariff measures.
Enactment of this law requires the sanction of the National Assembly.
The volume has been such that individual assessment has been impossible except in a few cases; all the rest of these persons have consequently either been confined to camps where the conditions are primitive and which the State party has insufficient resources properly to police, or otherwise left to fend for themselves among the local villagers.
It was also suggested to include a reference to the advisory opinion of the International Court of Justice on the Legality of the threat or use of nuclear weapons (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.12).
8. Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations (D.118).
The Panel determined that such an expense was unreasonable and only allowed the cost of economy class travel.
124. The power of the media to influence images of ageing and opportunities for older persons needs to be recognized and trends towards negative stereotyping and the exclusion of older persons need to be addressed.
16. While the Advisory Committee agrees that the eight posts requested for the Rapidly Deployable Mission Headquarters are needed, it questions whether it is justified to authorize all eight as additional posts for this purpose, rather than to meet some of these requirements through redeployment.
The Civil Administration reported that the uprootings had been carried out in cases of “invasion of state-owned land”, in fire practice areas following the issuing of eviction orders and as part of land confiscation for public or military purposes.
First, the crisis had had its most devastating effect on the marginalization of society.
399. The Committee refers to the high rate of teenage pregnancy and the lack of access for women in all States to easy and swift abortion.
The unavoidable corollary is that peacekeeping cash has diminished and will continue to do so, more or less in step with any future decrease in the level of peacekeeping activities.
Reports were prepared by the Secretary-General on implementation of the Global Programme of Action and submitted to the General Assembly at its forty-eighth, forty-ninth, fiftieth and fifty-first sessions (A/48/286, A/49/352, A/50/460 and A/51/436).
The Committee indicated that it would do so in connection with the reports it would be submitting to the General Assembly, provided relevant Joint Inspection Unit reports and comments on those items by the Secretary-General were available.
(e) Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/890);
Reaffirming that any use or threat of use of nuclear weapons would constitute a violation of the Charter of the United Nations,
345. The Committee urges the Government to continue its integrated approach to the elimination and prevention of violence against women.
The incident occurred in broad daylight from an Indian post only 150-200 metres away from the line of control.
It also supported female literacy activities in partnership with local non-governmental organizations, in order to enhance women’s social, economic and political empowerment.
Item 73 Review of the implementation of the recom-mendations and decisions adopted by the General Assembly at its tenth special session
The prototype method will indicate changes that would have to be made to information systems to develop a satisfactory cost-accounting system.
(a) Integration of 130,111 Angolan refugees as well as others of different nationalities in Kinshasa and the two provinces of Lower Congo and Katanga;
Great Britain and Northern Ireland 20 May 1976 Indefinitely
Within those frameworks, UNICEF undertakes actions in support of basic education, primary health care, nutrition, and low-cost water and sanitation.
- Good governance as a factor for promoting economic development and peace in Central Africa.
Despite its policy to date of excluding any such limitation, Austria could go along with attempts to insert one or the other condition in the interest of achieving a generally acceptable solution.
After careful review of the data presented by FSAU, WFP/Somalia devised an operational plan based on distributing 4,000 tons per month, delivered by road, air, boat, donkey cart and manpower to a vulnerable population of just under 500,000 persons.
78. On 21 December, a senior IDF jurist, Lt.-Col. Daniel Reisner, revealed that the majority of IDF officers had never had any formal instruction about the rules of war and that most of their awareness of the issue came from movies and television.
It may also be recalled that most successful footwear exporters did not build up vertical integration through these stages, but started directly with shoe production under subcontracting and special tariff provisions for outward processing.
Courts, public authorities and other performing functions within the public administration shall observe, in their work, the equality of all before the law and maintain objectivity and impartiality.
At the trial the district policemen told the court a version of events identical to that put forward since the beginning of the case by the district police chief: that Liv Peng Harn had committed suicide by hanging himself with his trousers.
The principle mechanisms for implementation of the Habitat Agenda are national and local five-year plans of action, partners̓ five-year plans of action and the support programmes of multilateral and bilateral cooperation agencies.
It is therefore recommended that the General Assembly consider the equipment to the Angola Demining Programme as part of the downsizing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola.
(g) Travel of an aviation safety expert to the Mission area for aviation safety inspection at $4,800 (consisting of a $3,300 round-trip air fare and $1,500 in daily subsistence allowance for 5 days, including $150 for a one night stopover to and from the Mission);
This would form a major component of the year 2000 report of the Committee.
He has left for me a department of hard-working staff members dedicated to the service of the United Nations and, in his very cordial conversations with me, has given me invaluable advice about the Department, as well as about the Committee on Information.
(a) Travel to New York by Chief of Logistics Base
Provisional agenda for the twentieth session
(i) Convening of the fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament
In the past, when an international commodity agreement had been brought into force by a decision of the States concerned, it had been the practice to put the Agreement into force provisionally.
The Procurement Division was reorganized, procurement staff received training, the delegation of procurement authority has been adjusted and new procurement guidelines were finalized.
For the United Nations Economic Commission for Europe:
International crime was not a crime in a literal sense of the word, i.e. an act violating criminal law.
The Advisory Committee also notes from paragraph 51 that “at least one week per year for each operation is required for reviewing and processing interim adjustment of local salary scales”.
11. During the period 30 March–3 April 1998, the Office organized a week-long briefing and orientation programme on its organization and functions for Ms. Margaret Godson-Phillips, Head of CARICOM’s Oversight Office.
The audit indicated that the mission exercised effective internal controls over its expenditures.
Informal consultations on draft resolution A/C.2/ 52/L.22 (item 98 (b)), A/C.2/52/L.25 (item 98 (e))
Included in these figures are 244 posts at headquarters funded under the United Nations regular budget.
8. Policies and procedures for eliciting, accepting, recording and reporting commercial and other sponsorships for events and other undertakings held within the United Nations system.
Mr. John Miller, on behalf of Parliamentarians for East Time
It was pointed out that further strengthening of the United Nations information centres and field offices should be encouraged.
"Quota of net anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases" means the total sum of annual net anthropogenic emissions of greenhouse gases (calculated in terms of carbon equivalent) permitted by this Protocol for a Party for this period of commitments.
291. The situation of the ethnic Vietnamese is a matter of concern, in particular with regard to article 5 of the Convention relating to equality of rights.
He was encouraged by the participation of other United Nations agencies, other humanitarian agencies and representatives of the Bretton Woods institutions in meetings of the Standing Committee and consultations during 1998.
Reports of anti—Semitic incidents are a further source of concern.
Furthermore, it would only be possible for procurement activity to start after General Assembly approval sometime in late March or April 1998.
The IPCC standard data tables contain sufficient information to reconstruct inventories for some source/sink categories but not, for example, for energy, which accounts for the bulk of GHG emissions of Annex I Parties.
Countries reported increasing numbers of drug-related investigations in which other countries had participated or provided assistance.
1. Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 48/218 B of 29 July 1994 and decision 51/408 of 4 November 1996, the Secretary-General has the honour to transmit, for the attention of the General Assembly, the attached report, conveyed to him by the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services, on the audit of the employment of retirees.
8. Decides to continue to consider within the Sixth Committee, or if necessary within a working group of the Committee, at the fifty-fourth session of the General Assembly, further progress in the elaboration of effective measures aimed at the implementation of provisions of the Charter related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter;
Recalling the obligation of all States to observe the provisions of the Charter of the United Nations regarding the use or threat of use of force in their international relations, including in their space activities,
A master plan for education is being drawn up, which accords priority to improving school attendance rates and adult literacy rates and enhancing the quality of teaching through an increase in its internal and external effectiveness.
Persons deprived of the right to enter and leave their own country
Bearing in mind General Assembly resolution 53/____ of ___ December 1998 on the situation of human rights in Kosovo,
3. Capacity-building in the field of quality, testing, standardization and metrology (QSTM) in least developed countries: A needs assessment for QSTM was implemented for 10 African and 5 Asian countries in 1997 as a direct response to the recommendations of the third LDC Symposium.
"12. Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 11 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of _ dollars approved for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999;
(a) To expand the leading role of the Department (i) in providing accurate and timely information and analyses of population trends and policies, and (ii) in monitoring and reporting on substantive elements of the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development;
The World Bank adds that 0.7 per cent of GDP, which would be equivalent to a 20 per cent income tax on the richest fifth of the world's population, would be sufficient to raise the income of all the poor in Africa to just above the poverty threshold.
Long-term projections for both CH4 and N2O have trends similar to those for 2000.
B. Human rights violations recognized as international crimes
E. Practices of the Committee during constructive dialogue
109. The Sustainable Cities Programme, a joint effort of Habitat and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP), supports urban management at city and national levels through capacity-building and networking.
The United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti (UNTMIH) was subsequently established by the Security Council on 30 July 1997 (resolution 1123 (1997)) for a single four-month period.
Nevertheless, the Family Code still contains important areas of inequality which are not in conformity with articles 3, 16, 23 and 26 of the Covenant in respect of which Algeria has made no reservations.
6.6.4.4.2 The walls, including top and bottom, shall have a minimum puncture resistance of 15 J measured according to ISO 3036:1975.
These tariffs vary considerably between products and sources of supply and also between countries.
(iii) Decisions calling for gathering of information or for the dispatch of observers to ascertain facts;
14. Subject to its observation in paragraph 12 above, the Advisory Committee recommends approval of the revised requirements of the Secretary-General, namely, $2,484,130,300 under the expenditure sections (see annex I A to the performance report) and $359,287,800 under the income sections, resulting in net revised requirements of $2,124,842,500, which is $43,648,400 less than the initial requirements.
(g) The publication of collections of international and national legislative acts relating to:
Decision: The draft resolution (S/1997/948) received 15 votes in favour, none against and no abstentions, and was adopted unanimously as resolution 1142 (1997).
109. The range of operational support services required by United Nations system agencies active in the field is extensive.
5. Questions were raised about the number and nature of the 53 posts cut.
It is evident that prevention strategies need to take these factors into consideration and that young people themselves need to play a central role in developing and implementing prevention measures in order to ensure that they reach their intended audience.
III. Sequence of actions that led to the payment of termination benefits
The two sides have exchanged draft Agreements on the solution of that question and expert negotiations are currently under way.
They evolved around four key issues: (i) forms of government-private sector partnership and cooperation; (ii) the need to find a balance between the private and social benefits of IPRs in the context of global environmental problems; (iii) the special requirements of small and medium-size enterprises (SMEs); and (iv) the linkage with financial mechanisms.
Prospects appear to be continued marginal oversupply; this, combined with low stocks and sustained demand, especially in Eastern Europe may help to sustain prices.
ii. International conference to consider the draft articles adopted by the International Law Commission on the Jurisdictional Immunity of States and their property (one session, 30 meetings);
90. The Special Committee will continue to fulfil the responsibilities that have been entrusted to it in the context of the Plan of Action for the International Decade for the Eradication of Colonialism, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 46/181.
Based on the standard rate of $5 per person per month.
(viii) As proposed in the report of the Secretary-General on the follow-up to conferences (E/1998/19), the Council may wish to encourage all functional commissions to consider including in their agenda a standing item on follow-up to the agreed conclusions of the Council to ensure that the agreed conclusions of the high-level and coordination segments are followed up systematically by the United Nations system (para. 44).
(f) Implementation of the project Improving Water Quality, of the west coast of Saint Lucia, which began in June 1997 and ended in July 1998, in collaboration with the Caribbean Environmental Health Institute.
Countries in East Asia, with the exception of Hong Kong, China, used fiscal instruments, such as tax breaks, special depreciation allowances and the deferment of tax payments on profits, to increase corporate profits and to encourage retentions in order to accelerate capital accumulation.
It further put parties under obligation to exchange information maintained on their respective registers through FAO and other appropriate global, regional and subregional fisheries organizations.
We have not however seen even the slightest effort on its part towards reducing tension or supporting return to the negotiating table for finding a principled and sustainable solution of the Cyprus problem on the basis of the United Nations resolutions.
Informal meeting Under the auspices of the Second Committee, an executive briefing will be held:
The Office also provides support services to donors in this area, including the facilitation and briefing of visiting missions and trainers, as well as assisting in the monitoring, follow-up and evaluation of courses.
“(b) To organize policy debates on economic problems and policies of countries of the ECE region on the basis of the Economic Survey.
The strategy is to evaluate and redefine the functions and objectives of public bodies while helping them to strengthen their means of action.
Coal output has declined dramatically, but some production is still expected to remain competitive.
8. As shown in statement IV, at 1 January 1996, the balance of General Fund resources and reserves was $91.7 million.
Introduction and continuation of general discussion
“17. Welcomes the cooperation of the Committee with United Nations programmes and agencies, as well as with the non-governmental organization community, and encourages further activities, inter alia, regarding dissemination of information on the Convention;
Parties abstaining from voting shall be considered as not voting.
Maintenance services were not carried out on a contractual basis as originally envisaged, and fewer projects were completed.
2. The provisional agenda for the fifteenth session is contained in section I above.
1330. It is the Committee's view that further efforts must be undertaken to ensure that the general principles of the Convention not only guide policy discussions and decision-making, but are also appropriately reflected in any judicial and administrative proceedings and in the development and implementation of all projects, programmes and services which have an impact on children.
There is a close relationship between land rights and health.
60. Competitive examinations for posts requiring specific language skills, as indicated in ST/AI/1998/7 of 23 March 1998, are held to recruit Professional staff to fill vacancies for language posts which require specialists in the official languages.
“1.24 The Department of Political Affairs will also carry out research and prepare analytical studies on the application and interpretation of the relevant articles of the Charter of the United Nations related to activities of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council, their subsidiary organs and ad hoc bodies and the Trusteeship Council in the areas of trusteeship and decolonization, for inclusion in the Repertory of Practice of United Nations Organs.”
Funded by the Correctional Service of Canada and the Province of British Columbia, the seminar brought together 60 participants, including senior representatives of the various components of the Ugandan criminal justice system, legislators, legal experts and practitioners, criminologists and other concerned individuals.
While conditions generally do not change very often, Member States are requested to answer questions regarding data collection, prevention, treatment and rehabilitation every year.
1 For the membership of the Ad Hoc Committee at its second session, see document A/AC.252/1998/INF/2.
"Voluntary goal" means _ (to be drafted).
In that connection, it is my intention to bring your letter to the attention of the General Assembly at a forthcoming date, in order that it may take note of it and of the wishes of the Member States referred to therein.
* Appointed Member of the Board on 1 May 1998.
67. At the 35th meeting, on 20 July, the Council adopted a draft resolution entitled “Strengthening regional support for persons with disabilities into the twenty-first century”, recommended by the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (E/1998/65/Add.2, chap. I, sect. B).
It must also provide developing countries and countries in transition with the necessary policy advice and technical assistance to enhance their capacity to formulate, implement and monitor reform strategies able to contribute to their development efforts.
(b) Provision of food, including transportation and distribution
The first part briefly touches upon the obstacles and constraints within the family, community and system of governance that prevent the full achievement of children's rights to shelter and services.
333. On 20 November, the IDF uprooted more than 1,000 olive trees and levelled 120 dunums of land belonging to the village of Nazlet Zeid, in the Jenin governorate.
Economic growth and free markets are necessary but not sufficient conditions for the fulfilment of people’s potentials and aspirations.
10. Requests the Working Group, in the continued exercise of its mandate, to take into account the provisions of the Declaration and to modify its working methods, if necessary;
(a) The United Nations has not specifically recognized in any of its financial accounts liabilities for after-service health insurance costs or the liabilities for other types of end-of-service payments that will be owed when staff members leave the Organization.
A list of States parties to the Covenant and to the Optional Protocols, indicating those which have made the declaration under article 41, paragraph 1, of the Covenant, is contained in annex I to the present report.
However, it is medical exposures that give rise to the largest contribution from man-made sources.
4. Implementation by States of the region of the recommendations adopted by the Seventh Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Latin America and the Caribbean.
115. The Board noted that the ICSC secretariat did not have well-defined staff norms, related to specified items of work, and work programmes only showed staff resources (work/months) by activity.
In a recently published plan for United States military space programmes through the year 2020, several recommendations have been made.
172. The United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) has taken necessary steps towards implementation of OIOS recommendations and substantial progress is reported.
(f) To review the level of hazard pay for locally recruited staff in the year 2002;
13. It is also necessary to translate documents less immediately connected with particular cases, but without which the Court cannot function: office circulars, press communiqués about matters other than specific cases, records of the meetings of the Court.
Report of the Chairman (Mr. I. Posta, Hungary, President, Industrial Development Board)
IV. Activities of the Department of Public Information in the field of human rights
87. The integration of the gender perspective in all areas of work, in compliance with the directives of the General Assembly and the Economic and Social Council, was welcomed.
Nevertheless, the Secretary-General was able to hold two separate meetings with the Portuguese and Indonesian delegations.
The United Nations theme groups have been used to facilitate communications with sister agencies and to explore opportunities for closer and more effective United Nations collaboration.
Institute for Disarmament Research IV. Planned activities
Food assistance is provided by WFP, medicines and nutritional advice are given by the Association of Medical Doctors of Asia, and UNESCO helps educate around 1,500 refugee children in the camp schools.
At 1840 hours the client militia fired several bursts in the direction of Wadi Abu Dajjajah from its position at Shwayya.
2. The present report also describes the implementation of the programme of reform of the United Nations endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/12 of 12 November 1997.
Hence the experiences of different countries in dealing with conflicting policy objectives needed to be analysed.
Identification of extrabudgetary funding to support those projects is under way.
In that connection, we urge the continued adoption by common agreement of measures to guarantee migrants the full enjoyment of their human rights together with social and economic well-being.
11. Notes with satisfaction that the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee continued to consider on a priority basis the agenda item on space debris and that the work of the Subcommittee at its thirty-fifth session concentrated on the topic of space debris mitigation measures, on the basis of the multi-year work plan adopted by the Subcommittee at its thirty-second session; A/AC.105/605, para. 83.
(ii) Examine the scientific and technological relevance and feasibility of research conducted pursuant to action programmes under the Convention.
12. Report of the Economic and Social Council [chapters I to VII and VIII (sections A to C), IX and X] (item 12).
On-line virtual meetings are supplementing video conferencing, thereby reducing the need for travel and providing greater flexibility for meeting arrangements.
There would also be further costs involved in setting up the new logistics base at the new location (such as installing communications, electronic data-processing and workshop facilities), estimated to be about $2.5 million, plus additional contractual labour to accomplish the move, estimated to be about $1.8 million.
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.
Transponder lease Based on the annual cost of $42,500.
The practice of the Board has been to carry out a valuation every two years.
A brief mention was made in the national communication of research activities, financed jointly by Romanian resources and under the vulnerability assessment component of the United States Country Studies Program, on the assessment of the expected impacts of climate change, including impacts on agriculture, forests and freshwater basins.
984. With regard to article 35 of the Convention, the Committee is also concerned at the inadequacy of the measures taken to address the situation of children affected by drugs and/or other substance abuse.
The names of the 905 claimants in question were identified in the computerized lists of claimants filed by Egypt and a search for the relevant payment orders was made among the payment orders that were filed by Egypt.
This item was introduced by Mr. Roger Guy Folly, who described the state of the media since the advent of democratic processes in Central Africa.
This table on audit recommendations shows an average implementation rate of 73 per cent of all recommendations (4,042) from 1 October 1994 to 30 June 1996.
The National Museum was formally opened on 21 November after 22 years of closure.
Two citizens, Maryam Hasan Mansur, 49, and Muhammad Abd al-Rahman Suwaydan, 40, were wounded.
Information on customs regulations in Italy may be obtained from any Italian Embassy or Consulate.
– Technical input and expertise on the issues under consideration;
The review team was of the opinion that the national target of a 20 per cent reduction in carbon dioxide emissions by 2005 compared to 1988 is likely to be met.
International training programme on women in community development, income generation and fertility management programme, Bangkok.
I have appointed the following persons as members of the Group of Experts: Sir Ninian Stephen (Australia), who will be the Chairman of the Group, Mr. Rajsoomer Lallah (Mauritius) and Professor Stephen Ratner (United States of America).
1983-1990: Member of the Central Council of the International Association of Judges (IAJ).
9. In paragraph 7 of their statement the FIDH raise questions about the death of a prisoner, Mr. McDonnell, while in police custody.
56. Electronic technology also continues to impact on the changing role and programme delivery of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library.
13. On 22 September 1998, a Ministerial Meeting of New or Restored Democracies was held at United Nations Headquarters; the Meeting endorsed the proposals by the follow-up mechanism.
The Former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia
The report contained in document A/53/257 did not provide all the information that was needed to make a well-founded decision, in particular information on the cost of the establishment of a full-fledged system and on the time that this would require.
The high proportion of cases in Gaza was indicative of poor socio-economic conditions there.
The Committee suggested that the proposal should be brought to the attention of the chairpersons’ meeting in February.
While action on some of the issues has already been completed, thereby contributing to improvement in the procurement process, action on the remaining issues needs to be closely monitored for expeditious completion.
35. Road maintenance and rehabilitation to prevent accelerated deterioration of the road condition are being given greater priority over construction of new roads.
The courses also make UNU and UNU/WIDER better known among the future policy makers and business people of Finland.
The secretariat's progress report reminded all of the tremendous development challenge facing the Palestinian people.
1. At its 38th meeting, on 1 December 1998, the Fifth Committee, pursuant to rule 153 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, considered the statement by the Secretary-General (A/C.5/53/36) on the programme budget implications of paragraph 10 of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.18/Rev.1. The related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions was presented orally by its Chairman.
Assessments of the impacts of climate change have been made, in particular for the economically important forest sector.
“Emphasize the necessity for strengthening UNIDO’s field presence, particularly in least developed countries, to bring the Organization’s services closer to the least developed countries;
Traffickers in human beings do not discriminate between people with legitimate fear of persecution, people seeking jobs, and those with criminal intent.
It was the considered view of these delegations that the Midrand Declaration as a whole was suffused with the notion of a need for specific assistance for the LDCs in all of UNCTAD's work.
An illegal act carried out by persons as individuals, as governmental or non-governmental groups or as some other grouping, for the purpose of causing death or serious injury to any person or harming his health, causing substantial damage to property or the environment, or compelling a natural or legal person, a group of persons, a State or an international organization to do or to refrain from doing any act, by means of:
B. Proposed revisions to the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation
3. Programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001
Mr. J.A.A.K. PINTO de ABREU, Technical Director, Brasilian Association for Technical Standards, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil
At the national level, initiatives undertaken in the framework of the Decade vary considerably in scope, focus and participants involved.
The Russian Federation is encouraged to report emission data for these gases in the next national communication, particularly in view of the large production of aluminium and magnesium in the country.
Better data, if collected and disseminated, would improve understanding about these investments.
(h) The number of cases of guinea worm in Africa and Asia has been reduced by 97 per cent from the 1990 level.
The Committee of the Whole was open to the participation of all delegations.
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS
The competitive position of a health service will depend on many factors: cost structure, the availability and skill level of human resources, service differentiation, availability of technology and health facilities.
102. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced programme 17 and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.
The United Nations Development Programme will release a new discussion paper entitled, “Valuing Our Future: Cost- Benefit Analysis and Sustainability”, at a press conference today, 9 December 1997, at 1 p.m. in the Hank Shannon Conference Room (DC1 - 21st floor).
189. The decline in the number of women’s non-governmental organizations since the early days of the Czech Republic’s establishment is also noted with concern by the Committee.
Organized civil society is assuming a more central role in the social and political life of nations and on the international stage.
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.32/Rev.2
Furthermore, the OECD provides a forum for the refinement and coordination of developed country positions, supported by studies by the OECD secretariat.
77. Humanitarian and relief assistance for the Sudan from the Government of Finland in 1997 was contributed in the amount of 4.5 million markkaa.
Organizations accorded such status may participate in accordance with the rules of procedure of the Conference of the Parties. Annex I
The Board of Auditors confirmed that UNITAR had generally applied the revised accounting standards for the financial year ended 31 December 1997, except that the value and method of valuation of non-expendable equipment were not disclosed in the notes to the accounts.
Furthermore, in the light of article 31 of the Convention, the Committee is concerned at the lack of appropriate playgrounds.
C. Pre-trial detention and conditions of detention
A/52/816 Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum
- The existence of preferential customs barriers.
Information technology companies in particular can move freely between suitors offering inducements to attract information technology fabrication factories and software houses.
The Ministry of Foreign Affairs, International Trade and Worship, Office of the Malvinas and the South Atlantic, presents its compliments to the Embassy of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and wishes to refer to the drilling operations being carried out to the north of the Malvinas Islands.
Details are indicated in paragraph 7 below.
These causes of conflict are usually more difficult and take longer to address than politico-military ones.
The Committee recognizes and appreciates the positive impact that the use of this procedure can have in encouraging States to withdraw or modify reservations and the empowering effect these objections have for women in the State party.
“In the cultural and educational fields, Israeli policy in regard to students in the occupied Golan focuses on the following main aims:
(c) Identify and draw up an inventory of relevant bilateral and multilateral cooperation programmes and available financial resources in the form of a comprehensive database, incorporating information both from Parties and from various financial mechanisms, comprising:
750. The Committee further recommends that all appropriate measures, including public information campaigns, be undertaken to prevent and combat all forms of discrimination against girls and children with disabilities, especially those living in rural areas, with a view, inter alia, to facilitating their access to basic services.
(e) participate in the International Women's Expert Group meeting (Norway, 10-16 August 1997) and facilitate a Women's Forum on enhancing the role of women in the implementation of the Convention and regional preparatory meetings;
"Compensation mechanism" means the mechanism which shall be established by this Protocol to compensate social and economic losses arising from the implementation of the present instrument sustained by Annex III Parties.
86. Thus far, the only commitment that has been implemented in this area is the establishment of the Strategic Analysis Secretariat, but there is still no law regulating the latter’s functions and tasks.
Multilateral and bilateral aid agencies could also play a role.
A number of the above activities are ongoing and funded under the current budget and additional activities come within the approval to extend the current programme, for which funding is being sought.
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolution.
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.31 was adopted without a vote.
However, against the background of deteriorating employment conditions in the public service, many governments and government institutions, particularly in LDCs, face increasing problems to retain able civil servants, particularly those who have established wide contacts with the private sector or who have accumulated business-related experiences.
By June 1998, 2,400 staff had been recruited under the system of desirable ranges, out of a total Secretariat staff of 13,543.
742. The Committee is concerned about the insufficiency of legal and other measures to prevent and combat economic exploitation of children adequately, especially in the informal sector.
The Investment Management Service share would be offset against investment income, as is currently done for all activities under the budget component "Investment costs".
FCCC/CP/1996/15 Report of the Conference of the Parties on its
(a) Disseminate information it collects so as to facilitate the assessment of, and exchange of information on, the effectiveness of financial assistance, including its accessibility, predictability, flexibility, quality and local-level orientation.
87. The commitments relating to the armed forces, which were rescheduled to the first half of 1998, include the promulgation of the Civic Service Act.
Australia and South Africa increased their contributions.
With respect to public transport, the rehabilitation of the Charles Helou bus station (central Beirut) was completed and inaugurated in September. Twenty-seven service lines involving a fleet of 225 buses became fully operational in greater Beirut and between Beirut and coastal cities.
Although trafficking in women and girls was not a focus of the study, recruitment of children into the sex sector through trafficking is addressed, and efforts to combat the sexual exploitation of children are outlined.
To this end the Committee shall[, in accordance with paragraph 12,] consider questions regarding the implementation of the Convention [upon Parties’ request and in consultation with them], including :
LIST OF DOCUMENTS FOR THE THIRD SESSION OF THE Margin settings
For example, the Government of Austria hosted an International expert meeting on innovative employment initiatives at Vienna from 2 to 6 February 1998, as a European initiative to the regional follow-up to the World Summit for Social Development.
The Committee therefore recommends that the next report be prepared in the format recommended by the Committee in paragraph 44 of its report of 22 October 1996 (A/51/533).
The programme covers community development, public health (particularly drug abuse and AIDS prevention), crop substitution and income-generating activities.
33. At its forty-seventh session (April/May 1998), the Commission had finalized a progress/statistical report on gender balance and decided on a future review cycle, and the auditors had been informed that such a report was being prepared.
(e) The representative of Pakistan, on behalf also of India, withdrew the amendments to draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.22 contained in document A/C.1/53/L.61;
The plan, on the other hand, covers a four-year period and needs a relatively long lead time for its preparation.
In addition, the Board considers that the new computer facilities management system will improve UNFPA space management.
He received this news unofficially on his return from Haiti.
(c) Under item (c), an allocation of $20,000 for two work-months of consultancy for the development of a small and medium-sized enterprise accounting module;
The role of the Office of Human Resources Management will be to focus on strategy, policy, guidance, monitoring and follow-up.
Announcement As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
(a) Permanent and independent mechanisms be set up to investigate alleged abuses of power by police, security forces and the Popular Defence Forces;
At Sarajevo, although a declaration was adopted setting a target of 20,000 minority returns, very little had been achieved by August 1998.
49. It is alleged that in July there were still some 100,000 refugees in hiding in Northern and Southern Kivu; they come out only to obtain medicines and food or to attend church.
(d) Treatment during imprisonment (Covenant, art. 10)
Construction of transport workshop in Kolog
I. ADHERENCE TO AND IMPLEMENTATION OF THE INTERNATIONAL DRUG CONTROL TREATIES, IN PARTICULAR THE UNITED NATIONS CONVENTION AGAINST ILLICIT TRAFFIC IN NARCOTIC DRUGS AND PSYCHOTROPIC SUBSTANCES OF 1988, AND REVIEW OF
56. The important role of non-governmental organizations in addressing harmful traditional or customary practices should also be recognized and supported.
159. Noting that illegal abortion is cited by the Government as a major cause of death for women in Zimbabwe, the Committee recommends that the Government reappraise the law on abortion with a view to its liberalization and decriminalization.
The Committee recommends that special efforts be developed to guarantee an effective system of birth registration, in the light of article 7 of the Convention, to ensure the full enjoyment of their fundamental rights by all children.
Sister Mary Therese Plante, on behalf of Catholic Institute for International Relations andJapanese Catholic Council for Justice and Peace
3. Exchange of views and information on drug-trafficking organizations
A Department of Public Information Committee examines the applications and takes decisions on whether or not to include NGOs in the annual Department of Public Information/NGO Directory.
45. The Commission determined that all activities envisaged in the resolutions adopted by it must be implemented within existing resources or through extrabudgetary resources.
Near the bomb was a note in Arabic which reportedly stated “Death to the Jews”.
The Special Rapporteur would also like to emphasize that the information and materials sent to her up to the time of writing the present report will be discussed in detail in her report to the Commission.
Among countries reporting having social reintegration programmes, the interventions can be classified into four categories in order of the availability of services: (a) counselling for treated drug-dependent persons and their families; (b) training; (c) assistance in seeking employment; and (d) assistance in securing housing.
On average there is one telephone line for two people in high-income countries, but in South Asia or sub-Saharan Africa one telephone line serves 100 inhabitants (World Bank, 1997, pp. 273f).
II. MAJOR THEMES COVERED BY RECOMMENDATIONS OF SUBSIDIARY BODIES SINCE THE LAST SESSION OF THE COMMISSION 9-11 5
They also publicized the resolution through non-governmental organizations and media briefings and in their newsletters.
This law gives registered parties the rights to operate, put up signs, receive funds, and generally to engage in political activities before, during and after the election period.
(d) The annual report of the Security Council is requested to be made available before the beginning of the general debate of the General Assembly;
As for Aruba and the Netherlands Antilles, concern is expressed that the process of education may not give the necessary attention to the fact that the majority of the population speaks Papiamento.
The comments and suggestions concerned indicators relating to Convention implementation, benchmarks and environmental impact indicators.
In such a situation, given a level of foreign exchange reserves much lower than that of short-term liabilities – foreign exchange reserves amounted to $6 billion, while short-term foreign liabilities amounted to $74.6 billion if $24.1 billion in interbank debt was included – the Mexican Government was quickly faced with an acute liquidity shortfall.
Mr. Pino Arlacchi, Under-Secretary-General, will address the panel.
23. The apparent anomaly of contradictory trends in these two ratios is explained by the continuous growth of arrears on interest and principal that have been accumulated in sub-Saharan countries over the years.
An important practical step in this respect was the signing of the Treaty between Uzbekistan and the Russian Federation on the intensification of economic cooperation over the period 1998-2007, and the approval of the related programme of action, which open up new long-term prospects for mutually advantageous development of trade, cooperation in the field of production, investment and scientific and technical cooperation in key areas and direct links between regions and economic agents.
In addition, the European Community deposited its instrument of formal confirmation on 1 April 1998.
The SBSTA discussed the subject of intergovernmental technical advisory panels (ITAPs).
Note 16. Special accounts for programme support costs (statement XVI)
In addition, the expenditure includes the recording of $10,100 in charges incurred during the prior period.
Article 9 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that no one shall be subjected to arbitrary arrest, detention or exile.
55. The representative of Bangladesh recognized that the links between trade, environment and development were of utmost concern to the global community.
16. In future business plans, the United Nations Office for Project Services should prioritize tasks to ensure that they are implemented according to their respective importance to the organization.
Now that this principle has been abandoned, education, which has become as expensive as health and housing, is out of the reach of the most deprived segments of the population.
Were the General Assembly to retain this practice, the closing date would consistently fall on an official holiday of the Organization, for which financial and other implications may need to be considered.
(Signed) Guido Di Tella Minister for Foreign Affairs of Argentina (Signed) Didier Opertti Badán
Some delegations requested more technical cooperation for the commodity sector in light of its significance for a number of developing countries, particularly least developed countries.
6.6.3.5.8 Each connection on a portable tank shall be clearly marked to indicate its function.
There are courageous newspapers, harassed in the same way.
(b) Operative paragraph 1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 136 to 3, with 4 abstentions.
It recommends that the Government recognize maternity as a social function which must not constitute a structural disadvantage for women with regard to their employment rights.
The Agreement provides for, inter alia: (a) exchange of information and relevant documents; (b) cooperation between the two institutions; and (c) exchange of facilities and services on a reimbursable basis.
Provision is made in the amount of $573,800 for the following services to be provided under contractual arrangements:
Corr.1 work of its sixth session, Bonn, 3-7 March 1997.
In 17 cases, although the value of the contracts exceeded $200,000, the time allowed for bidding was less than four weeks.
3. Adult years: a time for building up capital
“Expresses grave concern at and strongly deplores all nuclear testing and experiments for the qualitative development of nuclear weapons, which are contrary to the spirit and objectives of the Comprehensive Test-Ban Treaty”;
Product coverage may under some schemes be extended to capture a greater number of "sensitive" products.
Micro-credit programmes and projects and programmes of high labour intensity have to be implemented to encourage people to return to their villages.
276 This includes any substance which is not covered by any of the other classes but which has narcotic, noxious or other properties such that, in the event of spillage or leakage on an aircraft, annoyance or discomfort could be caused to crew members so as to prevent the correct performance of assigned duties.
(d) United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East;
"All are equal before the law and are entitled without any discrimination to equal protection of the law.
The Committee adopted General Comment 26 (61) relating to the denunciability or withdrawal from the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.
243. Although some information is provided about measures to combat trafficking in women, the Committee remains concerned about the adequacy of the response so far.
Accordingly, it is recommended that the General Assembly continue to consider these reports on an annual basis.
Radio station and test/workshop equipment
It takes note of actions by the police resulting in homicide, and is generally concerned that investigation of complaints against the police is carried out by the police themselves.
190. The newsletter Landmines continues to be published and has secured funding for the next two years from the Government of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
19. In May 1995, in the High-level Open-ended Working Group on the Financial Situation of the United Nations issued a paper (WGFS/12) containing a legal opinion of the Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs that the Secretary-General considers relevant to this issue.
Many of the arrangements that are in force have evolved over a long period of time and may now be inappropriate.
A DC connection between the two parts is planned on the Great Belt bridge, which is under construction.
Voluntary contributions, however, had consistently fallen short of the required amount.
The Committee took action on item 88 at its 7th meeting, on 13 October (see A/C.4/53/SR.7).
c Included assessed contributions unpaid irrespective of collectability.
(d) Additional resources amounting to $2.5 million for investment advisory and custodial fees;
“(a) Enhancing the leadership role of women in decision-making in both the public and private sectors, in rural and urban communities;
19. The pleas having been completed, the Tribunal began its deliberations on 26 March 1998.
67. One of the primary aims of the United Nations Mine Action Centre upon its establishment in June 1996 was to encourage the Government of Croatia to establish a national mine action centre, as an operational counterpart to the United Nations Centre which would then train national personnel to run a national mine-action programme.
Additional requirements of $6,600 resulted from the retention of the medical support unit at the reduced strength of 20.
Priority should be given to eliminating the social and cultural barriers that continue to exclude women and girls from regular education programmes.
SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS Tuesday, 7 October 1997
Economic growth was considered to be a driving force for several Parties, but in some of them (e.g. CHE, NOR, SWE) structural changes in energy supply were expected to play a very important role.
The following participated: Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), United Nations Development Fund for Women (UNIFEM), United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), International Labour Organization (ILO) and United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF).
The draft resolution makes no mention of the Republic of Albania, which, in its overt support for separatism and terrorism in Kosovo and Metohija, is in breach of every tenet of acceptable international behaviour.
18. At the 365th meeting, on 22 January 1998, the Chairperson of the pre-session working group introduced the report of the group (CEDAW/C/1998/I/CRP.1 and Add.1-4).
60. Almost all the countries of Latin America show substantial recovery in macroeconomic figures in the last six years.
The Special Rapporteur denounces these abductions, as well as enforced disappearances attributed to state security forces, as grave violations of basic principles of international human rights and humanitarian law.
Therefore LDCs can for example export leather products and footwear duty free to Japan.
3. Panama, faithful to its democratic and pacifist tradition, declares its unshakeable commitment to strict respect for and observance of international law and the relevant provisions of all resolutions and/or decisions adopted by the General Assembly and the Security Council; furthermore, it expresses its wish to support those decisions actively in all forums, within and outside the United Nations system.
In 1993 and 1994, the broker for the Headquarters property policy was also requested to submit a proposal for the foreign property programme.
At its fourth session, the SBSTA stressed the necessity of reporting inventories in mass units without adjustments, according to the guidelines.
6. For the larger, more formal events to be held at the Palais des Nations, such as the annual sessions of the Commission on Human Rights and the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities and the entire range of satellite meetings that take place in connection with these sessions, a nucleus of staff would be posted in temporary offices at the Palais des Nations for the duration of these sessions.
Coastal areas of the island were assumed to be the most vulnerable parts of the country.
Documents available at the session for reference purposes
4. As at 1 July 1998, 161 States parties had ratified the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.
A. Activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights
Indonesian Western Timor was forced to shoulder the burden of a violent civil war at its doorstep with thousands of refugees fleeing from East Timor through its borders.
The amount of $683 million, outstanding on 30 September 1998, however, is unusually high and results in part from the major contributor not paying by 30 September 1998 some amounts which had been legislated for payment in its fiscal year beginning 1 October 1997.
46. Research carried out in UNCTAD and elsewhere has examined the extent to which agriculture in SSA has been “taxed" through pricing policies, as well as how far recent reforms have resulted in greater incentives for farmers.
24. Rule 62 of the rules of procedure of the Executive Board of UNESCO expressly forbids payment of honorariums to Executive Board members.
Functions provided in Article 8.3 of the Convention shall apply mutatis mutandis to the protocol/another legal instrument.
His Majesty further stated that a series of measures had been finalized with respect to Bayt Al-Mal of Al-Quds, the executive body of which has now been set up and which now has its headquarters and bank accounts.
It was on his directives that many active collaborators spread false and malicious allegations against the Royal Government, conducted several meetings and plotted to take up seditious activities in eastern Bhutan.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.62
18. ICSC noted that the United Nations representative had emphasized that the proposed amendment to the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations would apply only to the United Nations and would require approval by its governing body, the General Assembly; the representatives of the agencies present had the same understanding.
UNHCR feels that the two UNHCR-specific training programmes mentioned above are complementary to this recommendation for security training, which will be administered by UNSECOORD.
Thus, for example, in many disarmament negotiations the principle of equal and undiminished security at the lowest level of armaments is essential.
44. On 27 October, the Director of the Al-Aqsa Mosque, Sheikh Mohamed Yassin, condemned the Israeli Government for abetting Jewish extremists and their demands to end repairs and restoration work at the Al-Aqsa compound.
Statement I. Income and expenditure and changes in Fund balances
If the briefings are provided in writing they should also be transmitted to Permanent Missions through electronic mail;
Such an approach appears to be the solution to promote proper coordination for efficient decision-making at the national level.
This gives a degree of international oversight regarding implementation of the BIS regulations.
In this regard, several of the most important and pressing priorities for action are expected to be implemented over three to five years, beginning with a high-impact first phase to address the most urgent humanitarian needs or radiation risks.
The Committee is of the view that income recognition for those special programmes should be on an accrual basis.
Recalling section III.E of its resolution 52/216,
Belarus, Belgium, Canada, Cape Verde, Czech Republic, Finland, France, Germany, Iceland, Italy, Japan, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Spain, Sweden, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.
Trends since the end of the cold war have been towards diminishing international cooperation or relating it to processes of opening up new markets for the products of donor countries or programmes "moored" to the purchase of inputs in the country of origin.
Welcoming the strengthening of the process of review of the Matignon Accords through the increased frequency of coordination meetings, See A/AC.109/1000, paras. 9–14.
27. All States have the right and responsibility to provide for their own defence.
To address that challenge, the subprogramme, for which the Population Division is responsible, will aim at increasing the understanding of the nature of population phenomena, in particular, the interrelationships between population and development, and at providing technical cooperation in population.
92. However, most recipient Governments reveal little awareness of UNDAF.
Total budget = $8 700 + $69 800 + $29 000 = $ 107 500
The secretariat should therefore carry out the necessary studies to enable the Board to take up the matter at its next regular session and reach a favourable decision.
1. The possibility for staff members of the United Nations posted at Geneva to reside in France is subject to the legislation generally applicable to aliens who wish to take up residence in France.
At the time of the Board’s examination, approximately 200,000 awards had been approved with a total value of $1.4 billion.
The proportion of ODA allocated to the least developed countries has remained stagnant and international assistance to basic education and primary health care, two key areas directly related to the goals of the World Summit for Children, remain low.
It was suggested that it would be preferable to refer to "substantive" or "objective" grounds.
At 2315 hours the client militia fired several illumination flares over its position at Shihin.
8. The various compromise proposals that did admit a reference to the criterion of purpose and were presented in the course of the discussions within the Sixth Committee are not satisfactory.
13. Condemns the policy of the United States administration of intervening in the internal affairs of States, threatening their territorial integrity, imposing unilateral sanctions and practising State terrorism such as the destruction of the Al-Shifa pharmaceutical factory in the Sudan;
I have the honour to transmit herewith a letter dated 17 August 1997 addressed to the Secretary—General of the United Nations by Mr. Leonard Petrossian, Acting President of the Republic of Nagorno—Karabagh.
201. Disarmament Commission, organizational session [General Assembly resolution S-10/2]
The world economy is in a new cycle of expansion, generally recognized as a new wave of "globalization" of the economy.
In this connection, it was recalled that action-oriented proposals in this field had been submitted by the Secretariat to the Committee at its substantive session of 1997, but had not been implemented.
(ii) Rebuilding of 18 observation point central platforms
Staff costs are shown on a net basis under budget line item 2 (b).
55. Agreed framework of 21 October 1994 between the United States of America and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 15 - 19 5
237. Amendments to chapter VI of the SOLAS Convention were adopted at the sixty-ninth session of MSC by resolution MSC.69(69) of 18 May 1998.
Provision is made for 1 landing at a cost of $500 per landing in respect of landing fees and airport services in adjacent countries for VIP and medical transportation.
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of the special rapporteurs and representatives
In addition to the resources earmarked by IFAD, as indicated above, the GM should have access to specific resources allocated by donors.
69. Given the fact that the session had been held during a period of United Nations reform, several delegations voiced their disappointment that an opportunity had been lost for the Committee to contribute to the process.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.28
On the last point, he said that in his view the discussions had revealed serious concern about the failure of existing investment agreements to address development needs.
Edson Machado de Sousa (Brazil), Head, Minister of Education Cabinet, Ministry of Education and Sports, Government of Brazil
Such measures should contribute to a more efficient monitoring of the licit movement of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances throughout the world.
36. With respect to the position referred to in paragraph 33 (c), those who supported the regulation observed that in certain national civil services the regulation extended even to lower-level staff if they worked in the area of procurement.
(a) Provide full support for an expeditious application of the HIPC initiative to the eligible countries by providing adequate financial contributions to the World Bank’s HIPC Trust Fund;
11. The group proposes that the method consist of the following steps:
Joint Statement by the President of the Russian Federation and the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan
A programme of forced centralization of the means of production was introduced and implemented.
22. No provision is required under this heading.
A Senior Advisory Panel of six to seven members will advise the Senior Monitoring and Evaluation Coordinator and the study team on the operationalisation, implementation and interpretation of the findings.
Cisco Systems, a network-equipment maker, is already selling products from its Web site at the rate of $1 billion a year.
Those measures might be harmonized and made universal by their adoption by the Assembly at its special session.
a Since 1978, valuations have been carried out on a fully dynamic basis, i.e. inflation assumed to continue indefinitely in future.
This helped ensure a smooth transition from a firm's implementation of an EMS to its formal certification.
33. In view of the issues, actions and priorities described above, the secretariat could pursue its close collaboration with both NGOs and the private sector in facilitating the organization of an international microfinance market.
It emphasizes enabling conditions and appropriate processes to prepare people for work rather than providing a “blueprint” approach to be mechanically applied to particular human resources problems.
Similarly, 18 field offices, representing 36 per cent of the total field offices, achieved less than 40 per cent net profit target, while two field offices incurred losses of $191,443.
The Committee recommends specifically that the legislation explicitly prohibit discrimination on any grounds, including language, national, ethnic or social origin, property, disability and birth status.
Additionally, a physical inventory of all assets, both non-expendable and expendable, is now carried out in connection with all liquidations.
During its consideration of the statement, the Advisory Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.
109. The Committee noted that, in accordance with General Assembly resolution 52/56, the Subcommittee had continued to consider the items concerning matters relating to life sciences, including space medicine; progress in national and international space activities related to the Earth environment, in particular progress in the International Geosphere-Biosphere (Global Change) Programme; matters relating to planetary exploration; and matters relating to astronomy.
Report of the International Narcotics Control Board
(d) Establishing a subregional parliament as an instrument for the promotion of democratic values and the democratic experiment in Central Africa;
1. The previous recommendation made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly on the question of the proposed United Nations Code of Conduct appears in the report of the Committee on agenda item 114, contained in document A/52/746/Add.1.
60. The detention, in May, of the Chairman of the National Radio and Television Corporation and his colleagues, the Minister of Information, the President’s Principal Private Secretary and other high-ranking officials, because of their responsibility for broadcasting a report of the wars in Africa depicting the reality of what happened in the AFDL war of liberation, illustrates the precarious state of liberty of persons.
The cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 are shown in column 2.
Many of them are currently incorporated in government operations.
Based on total vehicle usage of 2,500 litres per month.
44. Even before the United Nations began to take action in the campaign against impunity, non—governmental organizations, as has been seen, played a pioneering role and began to trace out a strategy for action.
4. The Conference of the Parties shall decide on the dates of the sessions of the subsidiary bodies, taking note of the desirability of holding such sessions in conjunction with the sessions of the Conference of the Parties.
The Committee called on all senior managers in the United Nations system to give high priority to gender mainstreaming, and, in this regard, to cooperate with, and seek the guidance of, the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women.
Under-Secretary-General for Legal Affairs, The Legal Counsel
Mr. Arafat stated that he had been informed by the Israelis that his helicopter could not leave Gaza, which prevented him from reaching Ramallah to attend a Cabinet meeting.
3. Procedures for the establishment and maintenance of a roster of independent experts
Having considered the question of New Caledonia,
In the future, the Committee requests that this information be included in the budget document, as is the case for other missions.
176. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision III, entitled “Report of the Commission on Narcotic Drugs”, recommended by the Commission on Narcotic Drugs (E/1998/28, chap. I, sect. B).
Statements by observers will normally be scheduled towards the end of plenary meetings.
4. The Committee reiterates its decision 4 (51) of 21 August 1997 on Papua New Guinea.
115. In response to questions as to the need for a discussion of the functions of regulatory bodies in the legislative guide, it was stated that it was of crucial importance for potential investors to be able to ascertain whether the regulatory regime would be fair and stable and would take appropriate account of the public interest and the interests of the project company.
Programme 3. Peaceful uses of outer space
58. Information on the Week of Solidarity with the Peoples of All Colonial Territories Fighting for Freedom, Independence and Human Rights is contained in chapter III, paragraphs 7 to 11, of the present report (A/53/23 (Part II)).
There will be a meeting of the Arab Group of the Whole on Thursday, 9 October 1997, at 3.30 p.m. in Conference Room C.
1976 Folkerettslige tekster. (Treaty collection, revised in 1982, 1991 and 1995.)
3. Calls upon all States to take all necessary measures to ensure the full and equal enjoyment of all human rights and fundamental freedoms by children with disabilities and to develop and enforce legislation against discrimination against children with disabilities;
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions
Between 0130 and 0535 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 81-mm and 120-mm shells and directed several bursts of fire at the outskirts of Mazra`at Umqata and at Luwayzah and Wadi Bisri from their positions at Ksarat al-Urush and on Rum hill.
199. The Committee is deeply alarmed at the persistence of violence against children, including at the reported information on the 84 children killed.
14. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force".
Stressing that an international convention on the prohibition of the use of nuclear weapons would be an important step in a phased programme towards the complete elimination of nuclear weapons, with a specified framework of time,
A great many delegations supported the broad objectives of the new orientation for the field of information, as contained in the report of the Secretary-General.
(f) If one of the cities obtains an absolute majority of valid preferences, it will be proposed as a consensus decision.
All can and should take practical steps to bring about changes in this regard.
(f) The Security Council is invited, through an appropriate procedure or mechanism, to update the General Assembly on a regular basis on the steps it has taken or is contemplating with respect to improving its reporting to the Assembly.]
A household survey of health expenditure, supported by the World Health Organization (WHO), will be completed in 1998.
At present, many unaccompanied, displaced and orphaned children are resident either on the streets or in orphanages, many of which are of dubious quality;
In the case of an outside call, the operator will switch the call to the person required.
Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/98 of 12 December 1997, the present report provides information about steps taken within several forums of the United Nations, as well as regionally and nationally, to implement the recommendations for action contained in that resolution.
The Secretary suggested further that, if refinements proved necessary after an initial period of application by the Fund, appropriate provisions could be added to the Administrative Rules in due course.
That concern had begun to manifest itself following the signing of the Israeli-Palestinian Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements in September 1993, which had foreseen, inter alia, the eventual resolution of the long-standing refugee issue and hence, by implication, an end to the Agency’s mission.
144. In addressing the reintegration and rehabilitation needs of refugees and returnees, UNHCR faces an enormous task.
Severe overcrowding, consequent poor sanitation, lack of sufficient food and health care, which have sometimes resulted in the death of detainees, were widely observed.
It also provides for 68 international staff and 135 locally recruited staff, the operation of up to 3 helicopters and 234 United Nations-owned and 364 contingent-owned vehicles, including trailers.
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the rep-resentatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union), the Russian Federation, Uganda and Ukraine.
26. At the 52nd meeting, on 20 November, the representative of Austria orally revised the draft resolution as follows:
Decisions regarding organizational matters adopted by the Committee at its fifty—third session
The project in the Dir district is executed by the Government of Pakistan and implemented by the Government of the North-west Frontier Province.
879. The Committee is concerned that no adequate measures have been taken for the systematic collection of disaggregated quantitative and qualitative data on the areas covered by the Convention in relation to all groups of children in order to evaluate progress achieved and assess the impact of policies adopted with respect to children.
Establishment of an international criminal court [150] (A/AC. 249/1997/L.5 and L.8/Rev.1)
13. Calls upon the developed countries to strengthen their efforts to achieve, as soon as possible, the agreed target of 0.7 per cent of their gross national product for overall official development assistance and, where agreed, within that target, to earmark 0.15 to 0.20 per cent of gross national product for the least developed countries;
PREPARATORY COMMITTEE ON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT
The Committee adopted the draft resolution, as a whole, as orally revised, without a vote.
It is also hoped that the earlier recommendations of the National Human Rights Commission of Nigeria to establish committees to study prison conditions will be implemented.
50. As part of the response of the United Nations system to a Government’s wish to strengthen the capacity of civil society and national non-governmental organizations that are engaged in development activity, the resident coordinator system could review, in close consultation with the Government, the requirements of non-State actors that may need technical and substantive strengthening, including their legal status, and appropriate approaches for their involvement.
2. Mr. Chinmaya R. Gharekhan, the Representative of the Secretary-General to the Security Council from 1993 to 1996 and the Representative of the Secretary-General to the multilateral peace talks on the Middle East since January 1993, was appointed United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories in February 1997.
The Committee pledges itself to intensify its own efforts in support of those undertaken by the international community to bring about an end to this conflict which has bedevilled the United Nations, cost countless lives and drained the resources of the region for such a long time.
92. The particular success of the World Wide Web as an Internet technology is attributable to the fact it has harnessed innovation in interactive digital multimedia.
Methods of financing activities for natural disaster mitigation, prevention and preparedness beyond the biennium 1998–1999
46. The progress made by the Women’s Forum has helped it to become an intercultural forum for Guatemalan women; its objective is to influence public policies on comprehensive development and to monitor compliance with the commitments of the Peace Agreements.
The European Union once again calls upon all warring factions to end the bloodshed in Afghanistan and to undertake serious steps towards a negotiated settlement.
When required, the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP), in consultation with all stakeholders, including the United Nations Mine Action Service, relevant local partners, non-governmental organizations, donors and United Nations entities, should assist in creating sustainable national capacities and in preparing and implementing an overall programme plan.
The team has facilitated the coordination of operations, thus covering the needs of affected populations.
24. The Government of Costa Rica participated in the First Encounter of Competition Authorities in Cartagena, Colombia (December 1995), organized by the Spanish International Cooperation Agency (AECI).
The second United Nations World Television Forum, "Television in the New Multimedia Environment", will take place from today, 19 November until 21 November 1997 in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.
252. On 2 September, Hebron settlers prevented the continuation of work on Shuhada Street, charging that they constituted a “severe safety hazard”.
C. Agreement for the implementation of the provisions of UNCLOS relating to the conservation and management of straddling fish stocks and highly migratory fish stocks
273. Insofar as the work areas previously identified by the Commission as priority subjects for the coming months – job classification, ethics and career development – were concerned, the Commission took the decision set out below.
705. It is further recommended that education about the principles and provisions of the Convention be included in the training of professionals working with and for children such as doctors, health and social welfare personnel, judges, law enforcement personnel, lawyers, teachers, personnel working in child-care institutions and officials of the central and local administrations.
(b) Self-representation and full participation;
In comparison with the responses sent by States for 1995, there was a slight improvement in the responses received for 1996 and 1997.
31. In UNHHSF, the Board was also concerned about substantial time overruns in projects.
17. In its consideration of this reductive factor, the Board noted that both the Consulting Actuary and the Committee of Actuaries had indicated that their determinations were based on judgement as to the reductive margin to be applied in a termination situation.
In the case of girls (and increasingly also of boys), their sexual exploitation is among most critical issues facing many city administrators.
(a) The three MI-8 helicopters currently deployed in MINURSO are fully utilized to meet the Mission’s operational requirements, including those connected with the resumption of the identification process.
Valeri I. Kouznetsov (Russian Federation)
(5) Where, pursuant to paragraph (1) of this article, security has been provided, the person providing such security may at any time apply to the Court to have that security reduced, modified, or cancelled.
Comprehensive statistical data on operational activities for development for the year 1997
It is expected that the next meeting will take place in Washington in the first part of 1997.
Those activities will continue in the phase of the project to be implemented during 1998-1999.
The Committee’s review of the functions of the posts in the Section led it to conclude that the establishment of all seven additional posts is not justified.
22. On 24 July 1998, Daw Aung San Suu Kyi was stopped by local authorities about 51 miles (32 km) west of Yangon as she attempted to drive to Bassein, 100 miles (160 km) west of the capital, to meet members of her political party, the National League for Democracy.
2. The Fifth Committee considered the item at its 62nd, 68th and resumed 68th meetings, on 18 and 29 May and 26 June 1998.
B. Subregional Conference on Democratic Institutions and Peace in Central Africa
In that capacity, I prepared a summary of the field reports for the Special Rapporteur and served as a liaison between him and the human rights mission in Kigali.
According to the report, climate models forecasted the best estimate value of sea level rise to be about 50 cm over the next century (with a range of 13 to 94 cm), taking into account water expansion attributable to heating and glacial and polar melting.
Those changes resulted in a reduction in the number of subprogrammes and a redefinition of some of them.
Participation in major international seminars
108. The Committee authorized its Chairman to reply to the Permanent Representative of Indonesia, indicating its sympathy at his country’s current situation and its appreciation for his country’s commitment to fulfilling its obligations to the United Nations.
At this working meeting the members of the Bureau affirmed their commitment to the Committee as the only existing mechanism for political dialogue at the level of the Central African subregion.
In designing cost systems for those types of organizations, there has to be a fundamental understanding of their purpose and functions.
The Committee is also of the view that there is a need for measures to address the causes of the high rate of incarceration of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander children.
The Congress will explore the impact of physical activity on the lives of older persons and the effect of the ageing process on physical activity among older persons.
It is also concerned about the insufficient awareness and understanding among adults and children of the principles and provisions of the Convention.
6. The provisional agenda for the Tenth Meeting of HONLEA, Africa, approved at the Ninth Meeting, is as follows:
This definition cannot apply to any Mauritanian national, since no one can fear persecution in Mauritania for reasons of race, membership of a particular group, public opinions or any other consideration.
The Population Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the Secretariat and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) are cooperating closely in all aspects of that endeavour.
By resolution 957 (1994), the Council extended the mandate of ONUMOZ until the new Government of Mozambique was to take office, but not later than 15 December 1994, and authorized ONUMOZ to complete its residual operations prior to its withdrawal on or before 31 January 1995.
Personnel and financial support: is envisaged as specified above.
One such trend was the gradual erosion of the Agency’s financial position to the point where basic programme activities could not be spared any expenditure reduction measures required to keep the Agency solvent and functioning.
The Assembly, in recognition of the role played by UNEP in the development of many of these conventions, also recommended that the role of UNEP in the further development of international environmental law should be strengthened, including the development of coherent interlinkages among relevant environmental conventions in cooperation with their respective conferences of the parties or governing bodies.
In parallel with demand reduction measures, there was a need for nationally appropriate legal sanctions and enforcement actions.
Budget of $2.8 million broken down as described in Annex 2
Kyrgyzstan, as a consistent advocate of broad and multifaceted international cooperation for the joint solution of global international problems, takes up "anti-drug", "anti-extremism" and "anti-terrorism" positions.
The proposed organization of work is based on this recommendation.
62. For the Electronic Support and Communication Support Section, the Committee recalls that, on the basis of the proposal contained in the 1998 budget (A/C.5/52/4, annex IV, paras. 97–98) it recommended approval of 8 Professional (1 P-5, 3 P-3, 4 P-2) and 28 General Service posts, including 3 at the principal level, as well as an additional General Service post funded from extrabudgetary resources.
Refrigerators and accommodation equipment
The pattern produced by the analyte is then compared with known patterns stored in a database.
Report of the Secretary-General on the contingency fund: consolidated statement of programme budget implications and revised estimates (A/C.5/52/35)
His Highness Sheikh Hamad Bin Khalifa Al Thani, Amir of Qatar;
In addition, more recent financial estimates on income and expenditures as outlined in document E/CN.7/1997/14 have necessitated technical adjustments.
In paragraph 20, the Board "in its relations with other organs and agencies within the United Nations system shall act in conformity with the responsibilities of ECOSOC under the Charter, particularly those of coordination, and with the relationship agreements with the agencies concerned".
∙ significant improvements since last report
In some cases, transnationals have established joint venture operations which secure market entry.
the decision (in cartel and merger cases; in the latter: the authorization), which has not been reviewed yet by the court, was based on misleading information concerning a fact which was important from the point of view of the decision, or
The Harare Commonwealth Declaration of 1991 marked a turning point for the Commonwealth, providing the association’s charter for the 1990s and beyond.
The unutilized balance of $36,300 was due to the postponement of planned purchases of medical equipment.
18. In introducing the draft resolution, the representative of Australia orally revised it as follows:
26. A historical lack of health screening programmes has created a serious gap in the ability to detect health problems early.
Chapter V provides information on UNRWA programmes and operations in Jordan, while chapter VI deals with Lebanon, chapter VII with the Syrian Arab Republic, chapter VIII with the West Bank and chapter IX with the Gaza Strip.
“Guided by the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations in general, and by those of maintaining international peace and security and strengthening friendly and cooperative relations among nations in particular, and by the Convention on the Physical Protection of Nuclear Material of 1980, ...”.
For a long time, the Council has fallen short in performing this essential task and only in recent years has it begun to reassert itself in carrying out this role.
It is the legitimate right and obligation of every country to oppose energetically the phenomenon of terrorism as a method of achieving political goals.
The Agency’s 1998 regular programme budget for the Gaza field was $98.8 million.
174. Executive Board of the World Food Programme, third regular session [Economic and Social Council decision 1995/227 and General Assembly resolution 50/8]
4. Documents submitted by international organizations, as well as invited representatives of space-related industry, shall be governed by rules 14 to 16.
(b) A contract was awarded in the amount of $78,600 for the supply of 10,000 blankets with a specification of 2.5 kilograms unit weight.
The Committee doubts the capacity of the Mission to commit the remaining balance during the current financial period.
29. Necessity of ending the economic, commercial and financial embargo imposed by the United States of America against Cuba
46. The UNDP regional cooperation framework for Africa (1997–2001) has identified trade and economic integration as its critical entry points.
We should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 45, 93, 101, 102 and 110, and of the Security Council.
Mr. Olmert explained that he had no objection in principle to the construction of a Jewish neighbourhood in the Muslim Quarter but that the families had not submitted plans to the city.
INCB will not carry out for the time being activities related to the control of psychotropic substances agreed under the 1971 Convention on Psychotropic Substances and the 1988 United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances.
The decree by the President of Turkmenistan confirmed the national programme of activities proposed by the Majlis (parliament) and the Government of Turkmenistan devoted to the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights and also the composition of the Organizational Committee for Celebrating the Fiftieth Anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
15. Requests the Secretary-General expeditiously to fill vacant support account posts in a transparent manner, consistent with the Charter of the United Nations, in particular Articles 100 and 101, relevant resolutions and the Staff Regulations and Rules of the United Nations, including the requirement regarding the use of official or working languages;
22. Departmental applications are computer applications designed to meet the specific needs of processes that are unique to individual departments, such as statistical analysis, library systems and simulation models.
421. The Committee considered the ninth to the thirteenth periodic reports of Nepal (CERD/C/298/Add.1), at its 1292nd meeting, on 13 August 1998. At its 1301st meeting, on 20 August 1998, it adopted the following concluding observations.
(c) Keeping in mind the question of confidentiality and in accordance with established methodology, there should be systematic feedback to the participants on data collected prior to its being analysed;
When genetic variations are lost, therefore, the result is not only that specific and potential properties and adaptations are lost but also that the number of species is diminished, ecosystems are impaired and the ability to sustain human life is damaged.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services [143] (A/51/432, A/51/530 and Corr.1, A/51/801, A/52/426, A/52/464 and A/C.5/52/12)
Turkey disregards all relevant international agreements, violates fundamental principles of civilization and desecrates what is sacred and holy to the people of Cyprus. English
The RDMHQ will act as the head of mission’s initial staff, it will provide information and advice to facilitate decision-making, ease coordination between the various mission components, promote liaison with and between the parties and establish a sound logistic and administrative infrastructure for the mission.
The Third Committee will continue to hear introductory state- ments by the Special Rapporteurs and Special Representatives presenting reports to the Committee, as follows:
Paragraph 18.11 In the first sentence, replace the word “four” with the word “five”.
At 2325 hours, Israeli forces fired shells from their position at the entrance to Mays al-Jabal.
Unbudgeted requirements of $30,000 resulted from the same reason indicated in the preceding paragraph at a cost of $10,000 per helicopter.
On 9 December 1997, the Bureau met to examine the credentials submitted by Parties to the Convention. GE.97-65124 English Page
9. The participants noted the need for increased financial and technical assistance from a variety of sources, including export credit institutions, as well as import promotion agencies in the developed countries, for viable projects promoting the exports of developing countries, and encouraged governments and enterprises to make full use of the existing sources of assistance.
298. The representative stated that women living in rural areas, particularly those belonging to indigenous groups, remained marginalized and had higher rates of maternal mortality, adolescent pregnancy and illiteracy than women living in Peru’s urban centres.
The Agency assisted two rehabilitation workers and one CRC manager to participate in a training course in community-based rehabilitation techniques offered by a local non-governmental organization.
2. The Performance Appraisal System was introduced into the Organization pursuant to General Assembly resolution 49/222 A of 23 December 1994, in which the Assembly requested the Secretary-General to introduce a new performance appraisal system that would hold managers and staff accountable for their individual performance.
Since the 1990 election, 112 Members of Parliament have apparently been forced from office or dismissed by the Election Commission.
The Inspectors shall serve in their personal capacity.
To all intents an[d] purposes, these benefits must be seen as part of the damages caused by the unlawful invasion of Iraqi forces into Kuwait.”
From the supply perspective, the Fair could be used by smaller enterprises, individual producers and cooperatives; from the demand perspective, specialized agents, consumers and department stores could benefit.
(a) Strengthen African institutions that are involved with gender research issues;
The majority of travel authorizations cover three types of travel: official business (6,675), missions (1,558) and home leave (818).
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 114.
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
After To support insert international cooperation, in particular;
37. The Division continues to be responsible for:
Finally, I would like to recall that the suspension of Yugoslavia's membership in OSCE, although baseless and politically motivated, was linked to the events in Bosnia and Herzegovina.
15. The Commission held a general exchange of views on the issue, including how the examination of the proposed Code of Conduct would be approached.
(e) Convention on the Prohibition of the Use of Nuclear Weapons.
Finally, demands by customers and importers in developed country markets need not go as far as requesting ISO 14001 certification.
(j) The need to strengthen the organization of pre-impact programmes of public information, with a particular focus on localities and populations most vulnerable to the projected natural disaster impacts, including also comprehensive early-warning strategies.
They should give due consideration to the social and cultural background of target groups, and appropriate training and follow-up should involve local community members.
5. At the 32nd meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Lesotho introduced a draft resolution entitled “Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its fiftieth session” (A/C.6/53/L.16), which had been proposed by the Bureau.
62. With respect to article 15, the view was expressed that any decision on its inclusion was premature absent an agreement on definitions.
President Benjamin Mkapa of the United Republic of Tanzania
Most of the allegations referred to torture committed during interrogation and preliminary investigations by the Judiciary Police to extract confessions.
(a) Draft staff regulation 1.1 (c) (A/52/488, pages 10 and 25)
Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the United Nations health insurance programme
Provision is made in the amount of $220,000 for maintenance of the electrical and mechanical equipment and facilities assigned to the United Nations in accordance with Italian law and all applicable building codes.
The Agency’s critical financial situation after mid-1997 obliged it to consider a series of service reductions, including introduction of fees for textbooks in the West Bank and Gaza Strip.
21. The Working Group appreciates that UNRWA has made significant progress towards eliminating the structural deficit problem that plagued the Agency in previous years, in particular through the use of contract teachers and reductions in international staffing.
17. As mentioned above, in the case of imprisonment, drug-abusing and drug-law offenders represent a large percentage of many prison populations (figures vary greatly, ranging from 5 to 90 per cent, as reported by Member States to UNDCP).
UNDP would strongly recommend that the first Conference of the Parties designate appropriate contacts to negotiate on its behalf to finalize arrangements for the GM, with the organization selected to house it, and render the GM functional as quickly as possible.
9. It is recognized that most of the world’s plant biodiversity lies in cultivated and semi-cultivated lands in the tropics and subtropics – an area many times larger than can be effectively protected through government controls.
Half of the estimated miscellaneous income to the regular budget for the fiscal period, for which credits have not previously been taken into account, and adjustments in estimated miscellaneous income previously taken into account;
For the purposes of these Recommendations diagnostic specimens are divided into the following groups:
e) How much of the non transferred funds were deposited by the Egyptian workers after 2 August 1990?”.
Since 1991, the Upper Garabag and the adjoining districts of Azerbaijan have been subjected to the intervention of armed Armenian detachments, 17,000 square kilometres of territory have been occupied, over 900 towns and villages, 600 schools and educational institutions, 100,000 houses, 250 medical institutions, 1,000 industrial enterprises, religious and cultural monuments, railways, bridges and cemeteries have been destroyed and plundered.
N. Resolution 15/14: Concrete measures towards the full realization of children's housing rights
The so-called "lost decade" of the eighties has been left behind in almost all economies.
Section 27C: Administration, Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts
An introductory statement was made by the Officer-in-Charge of the Division for ECOSOC Support and Coordination of the Department for Economic and Social Affairs.
New Zealand 22 February 1990 11 July 1991
It was also suggested that the draft legislative guide should stress the role that capital market financing, including financing obtained in the local market, might play in the development of infrastructure projects.
28. I therefore welcome the holding of the first subregional training-of-trainers seminar on peace-building through practical disarmament measures at Yaoundé, Cameroon, from 27 to 31 July 1998.
63. The Advisory Committee notes that the expansion of the Tribunal’s staff will require additional office space.
Some of the latter had already made considerable progress in creating the legal and institutional framework required for a market economy and had become members of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Moreover, at its seventeenth special session, on international cooperation against illicit production, supply, demand, trafficking and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, the General Assembly, in its resolution S/17-2 of 23 February 1990, adopted the Political Declaration and Global Programme of Action.
3. Calls upon Governments to take steps to ensure that, when a state of emergency is introduced, the protection of human rights is ensured, in particular as regards the prevention of enforced disappearances;
Source: UNCTAD, Handbook of International Trade and Development Statistics, 1994 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E/F.94.II.D.24, New York and Geneva, 1995).
Statements were made by the representatives of Nigeria and the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China).
Rigorous technical information and analysis of ammunition production and trade, of marking and other means of tracking ammunition is needed in order to enable an assessment of practical policy options.
Now, however, multilateral international bodies are beginning to find themselves confronted with individual instances of human rights violations irrespective of the victim's nationality and without the assent of the State concerned.
Noting with satisfaction the Protocol to START II, the Joint Agreed Statement, and the Letters on Early Deactivation, agreed to by the Russian Federation and the United States of America in New York on 26 September 1997, which are intended to take further concrete steps to reduce the nuclear danger and strengthen international stability and nuclear safety,
The present members of the Commission, elected on 28 November 1994 and on 24 November 1997, are the following States, whose term of office expires on the last day prior to the beginning of the annual session of the Commission in the year indicated:Pursuant to General Assembly resolution 2205 (XXI), the members of the Commission are elected for a term of six years.
Bearing in mind the important role of large-scale economic cooperation in the strengthening of regional peace and stability,
The Committee further recommends the funding and support of pre-school child-care centres at both the local and national levels to ensure women the opportunity to work.
The presentation of deferred charges in previous financial statements included inter-office transactions pending processing, which is now shown as a separate category;
That estimate included some $1.4 million related to the strengthening of the Office of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General which was to be subsumed by UNOMSIL in accordance with Security Council resolution 1181 (1998).
4. Services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency assessment
151. The view was expressed that more analysis in this area was required before agreement could be reached on a new item for the Legal Subcommittee dealing with this matter.
The proposed convention, it was said, would usefully supplement those instruments by providing yet another avenue of cooperation for suppressing one of the most serious threats of terrorism.
44. However, these measures represent neither a change nor greater flexibility in the embargo policy; rather, they reinstate and tighten similar measures that existed in the past.
The Committee encourages the development and implementation of innovative strategies to further that aim and recommends that an analysis of the effectiveness of such strategies be included in the reports of the Secretary-General on peacekeeping operations.
The money would serve to renovate and bring in new mobile homes, build conversion centres and employ five or six social workers in each settlement.
292. Requests were made for additional information on certain areas of United Nations programming, including education of women and girls as it related to increased productivity and lower fertility, acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS) and female genital mutilation.
Joint Commission on Reform and Participation
579. The Committee expresses its concern about the high rates of infant mortality and malnutrition, as well as the low level of health services, which are partly due to poverty, deep disparities between urban and rural communities and the impact of the internal conflict.
Comprehensive review of the whole question of peacekeeping operations in all their aspects
Broad exemptions have, until recently, insulated domestic industry and services from possible negative impacts on international competitiveness, with households and the public sector facing the highest effective tax rates.
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action;
Computer technology and information systems
A. Provision of legal assistance to Member States 22-25 6
To create a broader spectrum of partnership and to promote the involvement of society at large in dealing with international drug control issues, UNDCP is encouraging the private sector, particularly the corporate world, to contribute to its activities.
The universal principles of freedom, justice and democracy are the foundations of a stable and strong State and represent the firmest bulwark against division.
K. Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
In particular, the purchase of 10 VSAT satellite remote stations was intended to reduce reliance on more costly commercial charges for INMARSAT communications.
MACROECONOMIC POLICY QUESTIONS: FINANCING OF DEVELOPMENT,
We do not want to see the way to dialogue and cooperation being blocked once and for all; those who have sponsored the “resolution” will be held responsible for its consequences.
Since the end of the cold war considerable attention has been paid to economic transition of the ex-socialist countries, but comparable efforts have not been made in the social field.
The Board noted a reduction in the Gift Centre’s net profit from $1.2 million in 1994–1995 to $0.38 million in 1996–1997 (A/53/5 (vol. I), sect. II, paras. 66–69).
The Committee is particularly concerned at the insufficient measures and programmes for the protection of the rights of the most vulnerable children, especially children who are victims of abuse, children of single parents, children born out of wedlock, abandoned children, disabled children, children living in poverty and children who, in order to survive, are living and/or working on the street.
Proposal C: Extension of access of developing countries and countries with economies in transition to Mercure satellite telecommunication system for interconnectivity in environmental information and data (United Nations Environment Programme)
25. The Board noted that the year-end reconciliation between UNDP and UNITAR accounting records identified outstanding inter-office vouchers with a net value of $51,214 that had still to be cleared (analysed in table 1).
Report of the Working Group on Electronic Commerce on the work of its thirty-second session
Such nationals would not, strictly speaking, be considered mercenaries, but the intention of those recruiting them to use them as mercenaries is objectively undeniable, as is the willingness of such nationals to accept a relationship that turns them into mercenaries.
Convention on Biological Diversity, opened for signature at Rio de Janeiro on 5 June 1992 ANNOUNCEMENTS
Thus, in the summer of 1998, some 20 members of the New York translation services at those levels have been selected to attend courses at universities in France, Jordan, Russia and Spain.
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system
IFAD has been entrusted with the role of focal point for the coalition, which is focusing on initiating and supporting practical activities whose central thrust is the empowerment of civil society organizations through policy dialogue, upscaling and networking arrangements, and direct support for grass-roots programmes.
UNON was not able to meet these costs and therefore the Foundation and the programme support overheads (OHU) are assuming this charge.
Although they are civilians, the Ethiopian Government has described them as "prisoners of war".
23. Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions [General Assembly resolution 173 (II)]
11. Requests the Secretary-General to immediately intensify recruitment efforts, in order to reduce the number of vacancies, particularly in those areas where there are high vacancy rates;
In addition, certification to ISO 14001 can be seen as demonstrating compliance with national environmental legislation.
Players that would be interviewed include: Ministry of Telecommunications, telecommunications providers (telephone, cellular), Internet service providers, universities, software developers/vendors, traders, banks and large corporate users.
The two Committees held joint briefings on common themes such as poverty, and children and development.
Together with the Centre and other experts, the Bank is working in many countries to assist Governments and other parties to analyse the weaknesses of existing laws in this field and to draft more appropriate ones.
The statistics system has undergone major modifications, which has made it particularly difficult to prepare the inventory and projections of greenhouse gas emissions.
(k) Reports of the Secretary-General on gratis personnel provided by Governments and other entities (A/C.5/52/54/Rev.1 and A/C.5/52/56);
If the “resolution” is adopted by force, we do not feel it necessary to remain bound by these instruments any longer.
OECD members are challenged to assure pro-development impacts from policies in areas such as aid-procurement liberalization, sustainable development and the mobilization of financing from all sources for development.
41. This decision of UNEP calls for the preparation, together with WHO and other relevant international organizations, of an intergovernmental negotiating committee with the objective of preparing an international legally binding instrument to implement international action on these 12 POPs.
However, the question arose as to whether the range of activist policies and policy autonomy used by these economies earlier was still available in the post—Uruguay Round context.
Despite the fact that climate change and environmental issues do not appear to be matters of priority to the general public in the Russian Federation, the implementation of policies and measures could be greatly enhanced by better public awareness of their environmental and economic benefits.
“The purpose of this working paper is to develop one of the aspects contained in the revised proposal submitted by Cuba to the Special Committee on the Charter at its 1997 session, specifically that concerning the responsibility of the Security Council and of the General Assembly for the maintenance of international peace and security.
The Committee, therefore, is of the view that the application of this standard should be reviewed by the Administrative Committee on Coordination and, in the meantime, there is no need for UNFPA to promulgate new regulations or rules; the value of the contribution in kind referred to by the Board, in paragraph 16 of its report, could be shown in a note to the financial statements, as proposed by the Board.
Institute of Chartered Accountants of England and Wales (ICAEW) 1996.
Noting with satisfaction that a great number of States and one regional economic integration organization have ratified or acceded to the Convention, and confirming its globality and the worldwide support it enjoys,
1364. At the twelfth session, the Director-General of the International Labour Organization invited the Committee to participate, in an observer capacity, in an informal tripartite meeting at the ministerial level on the prevention and elimination of child labour, to be held at Geneva on 12 June 1996 within the framework of the annual general conference of the International Labour Organization.
12. The Advisory Committee notes the Secretary-General’s comments on the modalities of expenditure from the Development Account, as outlined in paragraphs 16 to 20 of his report.
17. The Board recommends that UNFPA show the value of these contributions-in-kind in a note to the financial statements.
In Gedo, ICRC distributed fishing twines and hooks to 1,000 internally displaced people and families living along the Juba River.
91. The major environmental crises of recent decades have highlighted the transnational and multi-dimensional nature of their effects and have shown that the solutions required are collective or communal ones which, consequently, can be carried out only by the international community and by the States themselves, either individually or in cooperation with the United Nations as called for in Articles 55 and 57 of the Charter.
The adoption of a special resolution by the Council of Ministers of the former Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the deportation of Azerbaijanis from the territory of Armenia to Azerbaijan in 1947 was one of the achievements of Armenia, enabling Armenia to carry out a policy of ethnic cleansing at the State level.
National training workshops on commercial diplomacy are being organized in 1998 by the Palestinian Authority, with support from UNCTAD, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research (UNITAR) and UNDP.
The view was also expressed that the Special Committee should be included in the recommendation of the Committee on Conferences.
II. IMPLEMENTATION OF THE GLOBAL PROGRAMME OF ACTION, INCLUDING ACTIVITIES RELATING TO THE UNITED NATIONS DECADE
19. On 1 January 1997, debt to Member States for troops and equipment aggregated $838 million.
Anti-personnel mines can be used virtually anywhere, contaminating an area long after a conflict has ended and the combatants have gone and imposing heavy and enduring psychological burdens on those who remain behind.
E. United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization
IV. Review of recent developments relating to the work of the treaty bodies and their cooperation with specialized agencies, United Nations funds and programmes and regional and non-governmental organizations
(a) Election of seven members of the Committee for Programme and Coordination
(a) Entry visas issued by the host country;
56. The representative of Ireland, speaking on behalf of the European Union, referred to the very useful work undertaken by ISAR; under UNCTAD’s new institutional structure, that work must be carried out by an expert meeting.
“The Government of Sweden is of the view that these general reservations raise doubts as to the commitment of Singapore to the object and purpose of the Convention and would recall that, according to article 28, paragraph 2, of the Convention, a reservation incompatible with the object and purpose of the Convention shall not be permitted.
The President may, however, permit the discussion and consideration of proposals, amendments to proposals or of procedural motions even though these proposals, amendments or motions have not been circulated or have been circulated only the same day.
The information collected herein represents data obtained by the intelligence services of the Islamic State of Afghanistan, statements by Pakistani officials and reports in Pakistani newspapers.
3. International Fund for Agricultural Development
509. At its 1274th meeting, the Committee noted other developments with respect to the Third Decade to Combat Racism and Racial Discrimination.
20. As shown in paragraph 166 of the Board’s report, the increase in the administrative cost of the Fund under the revised cost-sharing formula between the United Nations and the Fund would amount to $730,800, as from 1 January 1999.
Requirements for environmental clean-up for the 12-month period were estimated at $3 million.
398. The Committee considers that the policies to promote equality within the family are insufficient, since stereotyped roles are perpetuated in the family by deeply rooted traditions of men’s superiority. In addition, the Committee notes that certain legal provisions might continue to promote inequality and traditional roles within the family.
The Security Council, in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Charter, should more frequently [when necessary] request the International Court of Justice to give an advisory opinion on any legal question.
One speaker noted with great satisfaction that the United Nations home page on the Internet was now available in French and Spanish, in addition to English.
Implementation of the UNIDO programme for the least developed countries.
Of the developing countries, only Thailand has developed a significant export trade in such products, mainly to meet the increasing demand in Japan.
Statements were made by representatives of 19 Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States and another speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
Additionally, urgent measures should be implemented to reduce fishing capacity, and fishing efforts were to be deployed to levels in balance with the limited fisheries resources, particularly in the sector of large-scale, industrialized fishing fleets.
The Council of ICAO, at the fourth meeting of its 153rd session, on 27 February 1998, examined the subject of acts of unlawful interference that had occurred in 1997, as contained in the relevant report of the Committee on Unlawful Interference.
The area surrounding Khiljan was considered one of the richest sources of marble in Palestine.
GM guided by COP; GM Managing Director, responsible to COP through IFAD President and appointed in consultation with COP Bureau, per paras. 32, 40, 41
In this context, attention is drawn to the effort made by the commissions responsible for the resettlement of uprooted population groups and for the integration of URNG and by the working group of the Coordinating Office of Organizations of the Maya People of Guatemala (COPMAGUA) and the Peace Secretariat (SEPAZ) to reach a consensus on rescheduling for the Agreement on Identity and Rights of Indigenous Peoples (A/49/882-S/1995/256, annex).
It recommends that the Government review the necessity for the continued renewal of the state of emergency with a view to limiting as far as possible its scope and territorial applicability and the associated derogation of rights.
Our forces took control of the centre of the country, the Galilee and the area stretching from the Negev to Eilat.
The answers to these questions still need to mature, probably in the forum of the General Assembly and with the close involvement of the Secretary-General himself.
In this context, the dissemination of and education in fundamental human rights and freedoms, a community-based approach to peace and development and a vigorous effort at local capacity-building are examples of practical actions that the international donor community should support.
Furthermore, the Committee encourages the State party to ratify in the near future other major international human rights treaties, inter alia, the Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.
4. At the 60th meeting, on 11 May, the Chairman of the Committee orally proposed a draft decision, by which the General Assembly would defer consideration of the Guidelines for Internal Control Standards, pending a report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
One of the greatest challenges facing the United Nations logistics system, is the need to mount newly-authorized operations as quickly and effectively as possible.
However, members of the Executive Board and its ad hoc committees and of expert committees, study groups and scientific groups are paid a subsistence allowance that is 40 per cent above the standard per diem rate.
An expeditious accession process for LDCs which are not members of WTO is an integral part of those efforts, and UNCTAD should continue its efforts to assist LDCs in meeting their terms of accession.
IN THE TERRITORY OF RWANDA AND RWANDAN CITIZENS RESPONSIBLE
It operates, jointly with the Centre for International Crime Prevention of the United Nations Secretariat, a global programme on money laundering, targeting the strengthening of institutions to prevent or combat money laundering and related economic crime.
The Assembly, in this resolution, and the Commission on Human Rights, in resolution 1998/38 of 9 April 1998, appealed to all Governments, organizations and individuals in a position to do so to respond favourably to requests for contributions to the Fund, if possible on a regular basis and annually before the meeting of the Board of Trustees of the Fund.
Although this practice is not common in Algeria, and notwithstanding the restrictions on the application of this article, it should be taken into account in the light of the changes which have taken place in modes of distribution of products as a result of the liberalization of foreign trade and the opening up of the market.
18. The Heads of State once more emphasized their adherence to the purposes and principles of the United Nations, and expressed and supported the idea that the Turkish-speaking States are a vital and active part of the world community, and are ready for mutually beneficial and fruitful cooperation with all other countries in the interests of peace, security and progress.
13. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance of vehicles
10. Proposal submitted by Belgium (A/AC.252/1998/WP.10)
167. Emphasis was placed on the need for the Department to pay particular attention to the special needs of Africa, the least developed countries, small island developing States and South-South cooperation, as discussed in paragraph 28.3.
There has thus always been wide recognition of the need for governmental intervention to maintain markets which are structurally and operationally competitive.
The World Bank Special Programme, the IMF ESAF, and the HIPC Initiative deal with key issues of the New Agenda, including economic reforms, macroeconomic stability, growth and debt.
“16. Rule 1 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly states that the General Assembly shall meet every year in regular session commencing on the third Tuesday in September.
The actions listed above which reflect an abuse of market power present no major difficulties either in terms of understanding or in terms of application.
At 2100 hours the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery shells from its position at Zafatah that fell in outlying areas of Yuhmur, Shaqif and Zawtar al-Gharbiyah.
There exists no provisions in article 16 of the Fund's Regulations for the submission of a conditional application for termination of membership in UNJSPF.
This applies to various groupings of enterprises or professional associations whose aim, far from restricting competition, has to do with organization of the profession and the exchange of technical, management or other information.
Chapter II provides an overview of UNCHS (Habitat) activities conducted in close collaboration with UNICEF in implementation of resolution 15/14.
Recognizing that the Conference on Disarmament has a number of urgent and important issues for negotiations,
The Committee resumed its general discussion of Part VII of this agenda item and heard a statement by the representative of Cuba.
For this reason, there are usually no special economic or tax arrangements made for them.
SCALE OF ASSESSMENTS FOR THE APPORTIONMENT OF THE EXPENSES OF THE UNITED NATIONS
The strategy devised proposes a gradual, differentiated approach to official recognition, combining: (a) a process of linguistic standardization and rescue of at-risk languages; (b) a process of encouraging bilingualism and multilingualism for all citizens, particularly public servants; and (c) prioritization of bilingual public services (if necessary by providing interpreters), in key areas such as education, health, justice, elections, the media and municipal services.
3. Endorses the Commission’s view as set out in paragraph 225 of its report, that the local practice approach to determining pensionable remuneration of the General Service and other locally recruited categories of staff should not be pursued further;
Informal consultations on draft resolution on agenda item 144 (Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property)
Limitation on the amount of the proportionate share under article 16 (c) of the Regulations of the Fund
The Swiss international non-governmental organization The Coordination of Women’s Advocacy has provided the Tribunal with a forum for developing cooperation with the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia.
These overruns specifically related to salaries and benefits payable to locally employed civilians for the first six months of the period (1 January to 30 June 1995).
The list of attendees should be submitted by Monday, 10 November, to Ms. Glenda San Pedro (fax: 963-0952).
The Council may wish to consider appropriate steps to strengthen cooperation between the United Nations and the Bretton Woods institutions in the light of the review (paras. 86-87).
2. Eradication of illicit narcotic crops and promotion of alternative development programmes.
The adoption by the Supreme Soviet of the Azerbaijani Republic of the Declaration on the Restoration of the State Independence of the Azerbaijani Republic, on 30 August 1991, and the Constitutional Act of State Independence, on 18 October 1991, formed part of the outcome of the struggle for independence.
In 1963 the tests went underground when the Soviet Union signed the Treaty Banning Nuclear Weapon Tests in the Atmosphere, in Outer Space and under Water (5 May 1963).
10. Urges that the issue of older persons be mainstreamed into the work of the United Nations and national socio-economic programmes and plans, as appropriate;
The present-day Great Silk Road creates favourable prerequisites for the intensification of international cooperation in the joint solution of the global problems facing mankind on the threshold of the third millennium.
- The ordinance applies to economic agents.
209. Legal instruments were prepared to ensure that the activities of the Organization were carried out within their proper legal limits, an example being the elaboration of a draft Secretary-General’s bulletin on fundamental principles and rules of international humanitarian law applicable to United Nations forces in situations of armed conflict.
133. At its organizational session for 1998 (405th meeting), on 14 April 1998, the Committee agreed in principle that the Chairperson would undertake informal consultations with a view to determining the composition of the Committee’s Bureau in 1999.
(c) Develop and implement indicators relevant to mitigation of and adaptation to climate change in the context of sustainable development with particular reference to paragraph 4 of Decision 4/5 adopted by the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development (CSD) at its fourth session, in 1996 (Article 4.1(f)).
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full;
Under the circumstances, the Committee, at this stage, recommends four new posts for assets management.
Additional requirements of $28,300 resulted from expenses relating to the purchase of packing materials, boxes, crates and handling charges for shipment made from UNMIH during the repatriation of military contingent and international civilian personnel.
What effects have they had on developing countries?
(c) The last issue of Human Rights: International Instruments: Chart of Ratifications, which appeared in 1998, contains information updated as at 31 December 1997.
The recommended revised award amount is US$5,000.
All Member States had the right to participate and to contribute equally in all United Nations organs.
I see an important direction for this policy in expanding the number of owners, creating opportunities for all wishing to do so to open their own business.
In view of the positive results from the joint project, Pakistan and the Islamic Republic of Iran have requested UNDCP to expand the project to cover their respective borders with Afghanistan.
Modern media and traditional channels of communication have been used to raise awareness among policy makers and the general public.
– Encouraging and supporting various forms of interregional and border-area trade and economic cooperation as well as cooperation between the major enterprises and companies of the five States,
The Administration stated that since 1995, it had adopted a multifaceted strategy to deal with the backlog, including internal reforms designed to improve output and computerization of the process.
They stated that they viewed those relations as an increasingly developing and significant element of peace and stability, economic development and closeness based on mutual interests among the peoples in the region.
The United Nations is increasingly concerned about the need for firearm regulation.
Human rights questions: human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
Assistance for the reconstruction and development of Lebanon
8. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Mission of Observers against General Service posts, commensurate with the requirements of the Mission;
54. With regard to item 166 of the draft agenda (Need to review General Assembly resolution 2758 (XXVI) of 25 October 1971 owing to the fundamental change in the international situation and to the coexistence of two Governments across the Taiwan Strait), the General Committee decided not to recommend its inclusion.
They also believed that the criterion in the proposal related to divorce settlement provisions could cause serious implementation problems, as well as strong reactions and challenges from a current spouse who would have to share the surviving spouse's benefit with a former spouse.
Moreover, the Committee did not receive an explanation from the Administration for $12.4 million obligated at the time of the audit, although the related contracts had been amended.
(b) In operative paragraph 4, the words “in consultation with the Director-General of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization” were inserted after the words “the Secretary-General”.
The meeting will be chaired by the President of the Security Council.
We call on the parliaments and parliamentarians of all countries to do everything possible to prevent military action in Kosovo and to promote a peaceful solution to this problem.
33. Lastly, as the communications do not cover all religions and beliefs, the frequency with which certain religions and beliefs are referred to in the communications does not indicate their general situation in the world.
K. Resolution 15/11: Sustainable human settlements in an urbanizing
Note verbale dated 10 January 1997 from the Permanent Mission of Sweden
Continued attention to this area of operational activities appears to be necessary.
Education and training in human and indigenous rights;
The report claimed further that Israel held more than 100 Palestinians and Lebanese under administrative detention orders which could be extended indefinitely.
At its 407th and 408th meetings, on 1 September 1998, the Committee considered a conference room paper on the matter (A/AC.172/1998/CRP.5).
Total costs Increase in hourly cost from $890 to $1,200 effective 30 April 1996
There was consensus that the use of ISO 14001 should remain voluntary.
The representative concluded the reporting responsibilities of the self-governing States of Cook Islands and Niue, which were included in New Zealand’s ratification of the Convention, were currently under examination.
I have the honour to enclose herewith the press statement of the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia following a number of serious incidents on the border between the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the Republic of Albania (see annex).
Secondly, it should be pointed out that if indeed there had been plans to put the monastery into everyday use, this would be in accordance with the relevant international instruments under which the conservation of historical buildings through use is not only permissible but also recommended.
95. The Social Forum could be held on three special days signalled in advance and announced in the programme of the annual session of the Sub-Commission with the active participation of all its members.
Such closure shall have the same effect as closure by decision of the Sub—Commission.
8. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/227, requested the Secretary-General to include in his tenth progress report a detailed plan of action and the final level of resources needed to resolve all outstanding problems so as to make the system fully operational, taking into account, among others, the report of the independent experts.
(g) A reduction in the overall estimates by $300,000, comprising $200,000 in the Investment Management Service and $100,000 in the administrative costs of the Fund;
1. General developments and policy statements
Report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (S/1997/966)
The Committee urges the State party to publish details on sentences to the death penalty, on the mainland and in Zanzibar; such sentences have not been carried out recently in either part of the country, and the Committee recommends that this penalty be abolished (art. 6).
Item 5 could also serve as an umbrella for action on substantive matters that are not specified elsewhere on the agenda and have yet to be defined.
Our preference is actually that aerospace objects should have a single designation as space objects, but should nevertheless be subject to the relevant provisions of air law while in airspace.
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives
The amount of resources provided to developing country Parties, including financing for technical assistance and investment projects;
Taking fully into account and highly appreciating the role of the parliaments and parliamentarians of the States of the world in strengthening peace and eliminating the serious problems that still exist on this planet, Appeal, in this goodwill message, to the parliaments and parliamentarians of all States to render assistance with a view to achieving a peaceful solution of the protracted confrontation of the sides in the inter-Afghan conflict.
Absolute growth will be highest in Asia, where cities will add another 330 million people during this period.
The role of women as conciliators and agents of recovery can be of particular value.
32. It is therefore the duty of the international community to act decisively when crimes are committed on such an alarming scale and in as distinctively an odious manner as in Ethiopia today.
In some instances, staff members with expertise in the area under evaluation were seconded to the Inspection and Evaluation Service and led the evaluation exercise.
A. Costs of conformity with ISO 14001 25-29
On the basis of a review of existing workshop inventory, and in view of recent proposed technological upgrades of UNFICYP communications equipment, the procurement of specialized testing equipment is considered a mission priority.
Against that background, the Board reviewed the common services at Geneva and Vienna during 1996-1997 to ascertain:
Landmines also impede the work of humanitarian agencies and add to the economic cost of assistance.
29. UNCTAD – Intergovernmental Working Group of Experts on International Standards of Accounting and Reporting [Economic and Social Council resolution 1982/67]
Emissions of CO2 were marginally lower in 1993 than in 1990, primarily because of the recession combined with the effects of fuel switching.
(e) The support to country strategy note formulation through country workshops, such as those conducted in the framework of the United Nations Staff College, proved to be effective, given the high rate of completion of country strategy note in countries where these workshops took place.
Subsequently, on 12 December 1997, the Special Rapporteur on extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions sent a letter to the Government of Iraq requesting information concerning the aforementioned executions.
There are legitimate concerns about Mrs. Suu Kyi’s health and her security during this standoff.
Vice-Chairmen: Mr. Louis-Paul Enouga (Cameroon) Mr. Reinhard G. Renger (Germany)
This had been offset by losses ($0.9 million) in services to visitors.
The total budget for 1997 amounted to $3.5 million, of which 72 per cent was supplementary funds and the remainder from UNICEF general resources.
11. Other controls imposed by the 1961 Convention include article 4, which requires Parties to take such legislative and administrative measures as may be necessary, inter alia, to limit exclusively to medical and scientific purposes the production, manufacture, export, import, distribution of, trade in, use and possession of drugs.
Technical cooperation in this field should focus particularly on the following areas:
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi(248 900)
Monitoring could begin in Sierra Leone, the first such pilot case to be identified.
One delegation suggested that the Organization consider taking action against countries in arrears for political reasons; it was also suggested that the Special Committee highlight the consequences of non-payment.
19. The Second Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:
Provision is made for quartermaster and general stores at the rate of $10 per person per month for 1,000 person/months.
As numerous ministers and officials of the Governing Council would attend the special session, it would be more convenient and cost-effective to meet in New York at that time.
There was a lack of detailed guidelines for liquidating missions in order to facilitate proper closure and handover of field accounts to the Accounts Division.
Moreover, the system of desirable ranges is fairly rigid and time consuming to administer and does not allow for the speed and flexibility required for mission staff, who must in some cases be recruited on a few days’ notice.
A Chief of Prosecutions will need to be recruited to coordinate the prosecution activities, particularly at the court level.
144. New detection and identification technologies have been under development in the last few years and are close to realization.
7. Ad hoc panels shall report to the Conference of the Parties, through the Committee on Science and Technology.
Israeli occupation policies and closures of the occupied territories continued to aggravate the living conditions of the Palestinian people.
5. Despite the difficulties, the past few years are replete with examples of diversification success stories.
All the projects and programmes detailed in the UNDP programme framework for 1998–2000 have been included by the Palestinian Authority in the Palestinian Development Plan, 1998–2000 either as stand-alone projects or as components of larger programmes.
32. The Commission noted that at its forty-eighth session (July/August 1998), it had reviewed an updated framework for human resource management, which included career development.
The Committee notes that the effect of sanctions and blockades has been to cause suffering and death in Iraq, especially to children.
1997/2 International migration and development
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.2 Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.
No provision was made under these headings.
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138
4. The Commission decides to convene an expert meeting on item (i) above and invites the secretariat to prepare an overview of work already done.
(a) How effective are the various tools of the trade: advertising and media campaigns; project profiles and feasibility studies; investment forums and missions; making direct contact with specific investors or groups; facilitation and aftercare?
From the documentation on record, including exchanges of correspondence between UNFICYP and the United Kingdom Command Secretariat and between UNFICYP and Headquarters, it is clear that UNFICYP and the Field Administration and Logistics Division were faced with the problem of maintaining the continuity of its mandated mission in Cyprus and could not do so without logistical support personnel.
Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the Office of Internal Oversight Services
Returnees have expressed their lack of confidence in the local police: in many cases, the police have been responsible for obstructing returns or for failing to investigate such abuses.
3. The present report, which has been prepared for the fifth triennial review of the List, provides an overview of major developments since the issuance of the fourth review in 1995 regarding harmful products and their effects on human health and the environment, and makes proposals regarding the possible impact of these developments on the format, content and coverage of the List.
This was particularly evident in recent months in view of the growing global and regional crises.
“6. On 22 April, on the basis of the extensive discussion and consideration of his non-papers, the Chairman submitted a new paper.
Those standards as promulgated had served as the basis for administrative actions, including disciplinary measures taken against officials, which had been upheld by the International Labour Organization Administrative Tribunal.
These have led to the establishment of SMEs not only in commerce and services, but also in industry and mining (with small rural and town collieries accounting for one third of total coal output).
The General Assembly decides to consider at its fifty-third session the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the use of consultantsA/52/814. in the context of its consideration of the comprehensive report of the Secretary-General on the engagement and the use of consultants, as requested by the Assembly in paragraph 4 of section VI of its resolution 51/226 of 3 April 1997, under the agenda item entitled "Human resources management".
Among other things, it promotes the exchange of management experience across regions, as well as the development of strong management institutions in LDCs.
Italy does not have a strong and concerted national action plan to mitigate climate change.
“4. Expresses also deep concern at the granting of proprietary patents before the prior informed consent of developing countries has been obtained and before mutually beneficial arrangements have been made on flow-back benefits and resources to the developing countries concerned which are the storehouses of biodiversity and traditional knowledge;
WORKING PARTY ON THE MEDIUM-TERM PLAN 6-8 October AND THE PROGRAMME BUDGET, thirtieth session
However, the Board noted that gratis military personnel encumbered 54 per cent (102) of the 188 Professional posts subject to geographical distribution.
The secretariat has used the roster to obtain assistance with three reports, that is, on adaptation technologies, terms of transfer of technology and know-how, and technology information centres and networks.
(p) Operative paragraph 18 (former paragraph 17), which had read:
31. At the same meeting, the Special Committee adopted the report of the Special Committee (A/AC.109/L.1886), without a vote
UNDCP continued to use its International Drug Abuse Assessment System (IDAAS), a comprehensive system for data collection and analysis based, inter alia, on the replies of Governments to the annual report questionnaires on the implementation of the international drug control treaties.
20. Taking the above into account, and considering the important role that the three institutions can play in supporting the GM, it is proposed to consider support for the GM as a collaborative arrangement drawing upon the comparative advantages and commitment, as specified above, of the three institutions to the GM and the CCD process.
3. Deplores the restrictions imposed by the Government of the Democratic Republic of the Congo upon the work of the Special Rapporteur and of the Investigative Team established in accordance with the Security Council decision of 8 July 1997;
7. In the case of option (b), the General Assembly would decide to amend staff regulation 4.4 in the manner indicated in document A/53/327 in order to maintain the current practice with regard to the distinction between internal and external recruitment.
Introductory statements were made by the Executive Director of the United Nations Environment Programme and the Director of the Division for Sustainable Development of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs.
Revised total provision of $71,500 includes additional requirements of $57,000, as shown in annex III.B.
The Governments of Canada and Pakistan have provided troops to UNTMIH.
He observed that Annex I Parties had contributed 75 per cent of global emissions in 1985 and would continue to produce the majority of global emissions for the next 15 to 20 years.
The IDF spokesman stated that during rioting in Hebron some 30 fire-bombs, three explosive devices and countless stones had been thrown at IDF troops who had responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets, injuring 17 Palestinians, three of whom moderately to seriously.
Persons placed in administrative detention were interrogated by the General Security Service.
There are disputes concerning the concept of private ownership: what are the exact rights and obligations of the owner versus other private parties and the authorities.
(a) A process of algebraic underpinning of the time-related features in SDL;
A. Annual report submitted by the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination under article 9,
Subsequently, Argentina, Ecuador, Fiji, Myanmar and the Philippines joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.
However, almost all contents of the Agreement such as the system for permission or approval of fishing vessel operations on the high seas, the marking of such vessels, the obligation to keep records of fishing vessels and approval by the Minister of International Trade and Industry with regard to export of fishing vessels had been implemented by existing national laws, such as the Fisheries Law, the Fishing Boat Law, the Export Trade Control Order and other regulations under the Fisheries Law.
Such measures can be quite effective, so long as the deterrence effect is underlined by their timely and uniform application.
After having heard the results of such consultations, the Bureau felt that the issues should be considered by the Committee as a whole in order to make use of the collective wisdom of its members.
10 World Bank, Global Development Finance, 1998 (Washington, D.C.), analysis and summary tables.
Japan and the Russian Federation will strive to deepen dialogue on stable economic development in the Asia-Pacific region.
The Rapporteur of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolutions A/52/L.49, L.50 and L.51.
The Secretary-General also suggested that established procedures for compensation to Member States for military contingent personnel could be used as a model.
1985 National Institute of Public South Central Asia Cooperation and Child
(b) Adoption of the agenda and organization of the work of the session;
Two more bodies were reportedly found on 4 October 1998 near Gremnik.
Mme Fatima Zohra Karadja, Membre de l’Observatoire nationale des droits de l’homme
During the period of transition, the Department’s primary challenge will be to guarantee that sufficient time and resources are invested in maintaining staff capacity, productivity and morale.
Amend rule 48 of the provisional rules of procedure of the Security Council accordingly.
13. A South-East Asian regional meeting of UNU/PLEC was organized in Yunnan Province, China, in December.
309. The Committee recommends that appropriate measures be taken to ensure that women in East Timor are not subject to violations of their human rights.
The representative of Slovenia orally revised draft resolution A/52/L.67/Rev.1.
Recalling its previous decisions regarding the fact that, in order to meet the expenditures caused by the Transitional Administration, a different procedure is required from that applied to meet expenditures of the regular budget of the United Nations,
It has also emphasized the importance of national plans in implementing the outcomes of, and commitments entered into at global conferences and the role of United Nations operational activities in supporting such implementation.
This would imply that not only should the industrialized countries increase their ODA to Africa but that they should also take all possible measures to make such assistance predictable and stable.
