Renewables at the current levels of technological efficiency can make this much difference. And with what Vinod, and John Doerr and others, many of you here -- there are a lot of people directly involved in this -- this wedge is going to grow much more rapidly than the current projection shows it. 
Insulation, better design. Buy green electricity where you can. 
I mentioned automobiles -- buy a hybrid. Use light rail. 
A lot of us in here have made that decision, and it is really pretty easy. 
And it comes out in May. Many of you here have the opportunity to ensure that a lot of people see it. 
We have to buy a lot of those ads. 
It addresses one of the biggest health issues on the planet, the number one cause of death in children under five. 
How is it that this can lead to over two million deaths every year? 
So not surprisingly, there's a lot of effort that's been done to look at alternative cooking fuels. 
So you could imagine they were very excited about it. 
And so we thought perhaps there might be a better way to come up with an alternative cooking fuel. 
You see these all over Haiti as well. They're small-scale sugar mills. 
So you start with the bagasse, and then you take a very simple kiln that you can make out of a waste fifty five-gallon oil drum. 
And what we could use as a binder was actually small amounts of cow manure, which they used ordinarily for their fuel. 
So now we're in a situation where we have a product, which is actually better than what you can buy in Haiti in the marketplace, which is a very wonderful place to be. 
And I think it's the coolest thing, and it's even lower tech than what you just saw, if you can imagine such a thing. Here it is. 
So when we talk about, now, the future we will create, one of the things that I think is necessary is to have a very clear vision of the world that we live in. 
These are the issues that we need to come up with solutions for. 
But there are new technologies and new products that they can make on a small scale. 
And we're a pretty small staff, which is me. 
The other thing is you have to do things with a long time frame, as, you know, you can't expect to get something done in a year or two years; you have to be looking five or 10 years ahead. 
I will not deal with those first two, except to say that uncritical transfer of assumptions, from one context to another, can only make for disaster. 
And I hope that this group would be able to deal with the issue of state and development and the empowerment of the majority of the world's poor, through this means. 
Ashraf Ghani: What scares me most is -- is you, lack of your engagement. 
I mean, I really can't believe how lucky I am here, standing in front of you, speaking. 
In terms of their discourse, in terms of their sophistication of knowledge of the world, I think that I would dare say, they're much more sophisticated than rural Americans with college degrees and the bulk of Europeans -- because the world matters to them. 
Look, the ordinary Afghan is sick and tired of hearing about microcredit. 
I'm all for it; after all, I raised a lot of it. 
You know, the aid system, at first, was designed to benefit entrepreneurs of the developed countries, not to generate growth in the poor countries. 
And I feel very strongly that it's not good enough for us to have generations of kids that think that it's OK to look forward to a better version of a cell phone with a video in it. 
They need to look forward to exploration; they need to look forward to colonization; they need to look forward to breakthroughs. 
And there was a wonderful little short four-year time period when marvelous things happened. 
So we, by making a whole bunch of attempts, thousands of attempts, in that four-year time period, we invented the concepts of the airplanes that we fly today. And that's why they're so safe, as we gave it a lot of chance to find what's good. 
And I wrote them down and I found out later that every one of them was a little kid in that wonderful renaissance of aviation. 
And then I went in and I had a lot of fun building airplanes that people could build in their garages. 
And there's a lot of them that I actually can't show you on this chart. 
Talk very briefly about innovation cycles, things that grow, have a lot of activity; they die out when they're replaced by something else. 
The very first year, starting when Gagarin went in space, and a few weeks later Alan Shepherd, there were five manned space flights in the world -- the very first year. 
And I think I want to talk a little bit about why we had the courage to go out and try that as a small company. 
The first industry will be a high volume, a lot of players. 
 OK. My critics say, "Hey, Rutan's just spending a lot of these billionaires' money for joyrides for billionaires. 
These people are taking money and putting it in an interesting area, and I think it's a lot better than they put it in an area of a better cell phone or something -- but they're putting it in very -- areas and this will lead us into this kind of capability, and it will lead us into the next really big thing and it will allow us to explore. And I think eventually 
Relatively soon, you'll be able to buy a ticket and fly higher and faster than the highest-performance military operational airplane. It's never happened before. 
OK, I look forward to a new "capitalist's space race," let's call it. 
You cannot buy a ticket commercially to fly into space in America -- can't do it. You can buy it in Russia. 
But, you know, would you have thought back in the '60s, when the space race was going on, that the first commercial capitalist-like thing to do to buy a ticket to go to the moon would be in Russian hardware? 
But NASA is developing the space liner, always has, and runs the only space line, OK. And we've shied away from it because we're afraid of it. But starting back in June of 2004, when I showed that a little group out there actually can do it, can get a start with it, everything changed after that time. 
And so cars, as art, brings it into an emotional plane -- if you accept that -- that you have to deal with on the same level you would with art with a capital A. 
And first of all, you have to go with me for a second, and say, you know, you could take the word "love" out of a lot of things in our society, put the word "design" in, and it still works, like this quote here, you know. It kind of works, you know? 
This is sick beyond belief. 
I heard today about Joseph's death genes that have to go in and kill cell reproduction. 
So, what we did was: instead of having a staff of artists that are just your wrist, we decided to free up a team of creative designers and engineers to find out what's the successor to the SUV phenomenon in America. 
They would come together, compare notes. Then they would work apart, come together, and they would produce together a monumental set of diverse opinions that didn't pollute each other's ideas -- but at the same time came together and resolved the problems. 
And if you can imagine what this is like, to have these months of postcard indication of how great this team is working, and they're out there spending all this money, and they're learning, and they're doing all this stuff. 
And I think we felt much closer that day, we cut a lot of strings that didn't need to be there, and we forged the concept for what real team and creativity is all about. 
One of those was the idea of a crossover coupes -- you see it downstairs, the X Coupe -- they had a lot of fun with that. 
 What I'm going to tell you about in my 18 minutes is how we're about to switch from reading the genetic code to the first stages of beginning to write the code ourselves. 
Most people don't realize it, because they're invisible, but microbes make up about a half of the Earth's biomass, whereas all animals only make up about one one-thousandth of all the biomass. 
The other thing that surprised us quite a bit is these photoreceptors detect different wavelengths of light, and we can predict that based on their amino acid sequence. 
When there's a lot of chlorophyll around, they see a lot of green light. 
And we simply asked the question, if one species needs 800, another 500, is there a smaller set of genes that might comprise a minimal operating system? 
So we started doing transposon mutagenesis. Transposons are just small pieces of DNA that randomly insert in the genetic code. 
But it turns out the environment is very critical for this, and you can only define an essential or non-essential gene We also tried to take a more directly intellectual approach with the genomes of 13 related organisms, and we tried to compare all of those, to see what they had in common. 
And people immediately freak out about things about Ebola or smallpox, but the DNA from this organism is not infective. 
So even if somebody made the smallpox genome, that DNA itself would not cause infections. 
The chemistry from compounds in the environment is orders of magnitude more complex than our best chemists can produce. 
It was actually a very strange study, because the various religious leaders were using their scriptures as law books, and they couldn't find anything in them prohibiting making life, so it must be OK. The only ultimate concerns were biological warfare aspects of this, but gave us the go ahead to start these experiments for the reasons we were doing them. 
These are complex issues. 
 When I was offered the Times column six years ago, the deal was like this: you'll be sent the coolest, hottest, slickest new gadgets. 
The job, though, came with one small downside, and that is, they intended to publish my email address at the end of every column. 
People are feeling like things -- Ok, I just had an alarm come up on my screen. Lucky you can't see it. 
There's not enough thought put into the design of it to make it easy and enjoyable to use. 
In the hardware world, it's because we the consumers want everything to be smaller, smaller, smaller. 
Software is subject to another primal force: the mandate to release more and more versions. 
If you are buying something on the web, you're supposed to put in your address, and you're supposed to choose what country you're from, ok? 
There are 200 countries in the world. We like to think of the Internet as a global village. 
It's mainly like, the United States, Europe, and Japan. 
 You go up to the "File" menu and you choose "New." 
You buy the box; I'll sell the code. 
You'll have no choice; you'll buy my code. 
The screens are getting smaller, people are illuminating, putting manuals in the boxes, things are coming out at a faster pace. 
 When I try to explain why I'm back, after telling the press Apple's future is black. 
Well, you either haul around a USB cable, or you buy a card reader and haul that around. Either one, you're going to lose. 
 In my very last example -- I do a lot of my work using speech recognition software. And I'll just -- you have to be kind of quiet because the software is nervous. 
Ok, this is not an ideal situation, because it's getting the echo from the hall and stuff. 
  So that's my dirty little secret. Don't tell anyone. 
This is version eight of this software, and do you know what they put in version eight? 
Because for years, people had bought this software, tried it out -- 95 percent accuracy was all they got, which means one in 20 words is wrong -- and they'd put it in their drawer. And the company got sick of that, so they said, "This version, we're not going to do anything, but make sure it's darned accurate." 
And I guess we have a bit of news clip to precede. 
In record time, a team of architects and construction workers designed and built a viewing platform to ease the frustration and bring people closer. 
And that as people who create places, the ultimate way to help wasn't to pontificate or to make up scenarios, but to help right now. 
So we tried to come up with a way, as a group, to have a kind of design SWAT team. 
We finished PS 234, and had dinner with a small group. 
They were looking for a solution to deal with 30 or 40 thousand people a day who were going down there, that had nowhere to go. 
And there was no way to deal with the traffic around the site. 
And we also had to be as under the radar screen as we could be in New York, because the key was not raising a lot of objection and sort of working as quietly as possible. 
We came up with the idea of setting up a foundation, mainly because when we found a contractor who would build this, he would not agree to do this, even if we would pay him the money. 
And I've got to say that we spent a lot of time in putting this together, watching the crowds that gathered at Saint Paul -- which is just to the right -- and moving around the site. 
And I live down there, so we spent a lot of time looking at the need. 
We'd have to go back to the beginning to do this." 
DR: No. In fact I told the contractor to go ahead. 
Richard, I think very correctly, made the point at the beginning -- before all the chair designers came out -- about the history of chair designers imposing aesthetic solutions on this kind of universal, banal, common problem of sitting. 
KA: Your work -- I mean, we've talked about this before -- a lot of your work, I think, is informed by your belief in, or your focus on the temporariness of all things and the evanescence of things, and a kind of "Eat, drink, and be merry, for tomorrow we die," sort of sense of existence. 
To think of it as this purely temporary installation? 
Which was very controversial, but it resonated with a lot of people. 
This small foundation we put together is looking for other ways to help. 
Including taking a small piece adjacent to the site and inviting 10 architects who currently don't have a voice in New York to do artist housing. 
I would love to talk about the technology, and sometime, in what's past the 15 minutes, I'll be happy to talk to all the techno-geeks around here about what's in here. 
And maybe to put that in perspective: there's so much data on this, I'll be happy to give it to you in different forms. 
For instance, in that time, 91 percent of America lived either on farms or in small towns. 
And it was an environmental improvement, because, for instance, in 1903 they outlawed horses and buggies in downtown Manhattan, because you can imagine what the roads look like when you have a million horses, and a million of them urinating and doing other things, and the typhoid and other problems created were almost unimaginable. 
By the 1950s, we started connecting all the towns together with what a lot of people claim is the eighth wonder of the world, the highway system. 
What if it would make it a little bit more palatable to have access via this, as that last link to mass transit, to get out to your cars so we can all live in the suburbs and use our cars the way we want, and then have our cities energized again? 
I have the same footprint as a pedestrian; I have the same unique capability to deal with other pedestrians in a crowded space. 
So, I'm happy, really, I am happy to talk about this technology as much as you want. 
But if I could ask you to do one thing, it's not to think about it as a piece of technology, but just imagine that, although we all understand somehow that it's reasonable that we use our 4,000-pound machine, which can go 60 miles an hour, that can bring you everywhere you want to go, and somehow it's also what we used for the last mile, and it's broken, and it doesn't work. 
I'm thinking, "Wow, that was great --  -- please lady, don't say another word." 
I still have to get to the store, and I can't carry a lot of things." 
But she looks up and says this, and it occurs to me, well, kids aren't going to mind these things, and they don't vote, and business people and then young adults aren't going to mind these things -- they're pretty cool -- so I guess subliminally I was worried that it's the older population that's going to worry. 
So, having seen this, and having worried about it for eight years, the first thing I do is pick up my phone and ask our marketing and regulatory guys, call AARP, get an appointment right away. 
But if you could put a pin in most cities, and imagine how far you could, if you had the time, walk in one half-hour, it's the city. 
That's Segway. This is a Stirling cycle engine; this had been confused by a lot of things we're doing. 
The number one cause of death on this planet among humans is bad water. 
With all the legitimate concerns about AIDS and avian flu -- and we'll hear about that from the brilliant Dr. Brilliant later today -- I want to talk about the other pandemic, which is cardiovascular disease, diabetes, hypertension -- all of which are completely preventable for at least 95 percent of people just by changing diet and lifestyle. 
And what's happening is that there's a globalization of illness occurring, that people are starting to eat like us, and live like us, and die like us. And in one generation, for example, Asia's gone from having one of the lowest rates of heart disease and obesity and diabetes to one of the highest. And in Africa, cardiovascular disease equals the HIV and AIDS deaths in most countries. 
Now these are not election returns, these are the people -- the number of the people who are obese by state, beginning in '85, '86, '87 -- these are from the CDC website -- '88, '89, '90, '91 -- you get a new category -- '92, '93, '94, '95, '96, '97, '98, '99, 2000, 2001 -- it gets worse. We're kind of devolving.  Now what can we do about this? Well, you know, the 
diet that we've found that can reverse heart disease and cancer is an Asian diet. 
But the people in Asia are starting to eat like we are, which is why they're starting to get sick like we are. 
So I've been working with a lot of the big food companies. They can make it fun and sexy and hip and crunchy and convenient to eat healthier foods, like -- I chair the advisory boards to McDonald's, and PepsiCo, and ConAgra, and Safeway, and soon Del Monte, and they're finding that it's good business. 
And so if we can do that, then we can free up resources for buying drugs that you really do need for treating AIDS and HIV and malaria and for preventing avian flu. Thank you. 
And what was so amazing to me, and what fits right in with what we're all talking about here at TED, is that there, right in the middle of this rainforest, was some solar panels -- the first in that part of Ecuador -- and that was mainly to bring water up by pump so that the women wouldn't have to go down. 
The water was cleaned, but because they got a lot of batteries, they were able to store a lot of electricity. 
So there he is with his little laptop computer, but fighting against the might of the pressures -- because of the debt, the foreign debt of Ecuador -- fighting the pressure of World Bank, IMF, and of course the people who want to exploit the forests and take out the oil. 
Too often we just see a few slides, or a bit of film, but these beings have voices that mean something. And so, I want to give you a greeting, as from a chimpanzee in the forests of Tanzania -- Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh! 
And she'll come in to sit at this computer -- it's like a video game for a kid; she's hooked. 
She does very complex tasks, and I haven't got time to go into them, but the amazing thing about this female is she doesn't like making mistakes. 
And not only that -- he would sometimes pick a leafy twig and strip the leaves -- modifying an object to make it suitable for a specific purpose -- the beginning of tool-making. 
What we find is that over these 40-odd years that I and others have been studying chimpanzees and the other great apes, and, as I say, other mammals with complex brains and social systems, we have found that after all, there isn't a sharp line dividing humans from the rest of the animal kingdom. 
We find in their non-verbal communication -- this is very rich -- they have a lot of sounds, which they use in different circumstances, but they also use touch, posture, gesture, and what do they do? 
We find that they show emotions, similar to -- maybe sometimes the same -- as those that we describe in ourselves as happiness, sadness, fear, despair. 
And I don't have time to go into the information that will prove some of these things to you, save to say that there are very bright students, in the best universities, studying emotions in animals, studying personalities in animals. 
They're disappearing in the heart of their range in Africa because the big multinational logging companies have come in and made roads -- as they want to do in Ecuador and other parts where the forests remain untouched -- to take out oil or timber. 
They shoot everything, every single thing that moves that's bigger than a small rat; they sun-dry it or smoke it. 
We see deforestation; we see the desert spreading; we see massive hunger; we see disease and we see population growth in areas where there are more people living on a certain piece of land than the land can possibly support, and they're too poor to buy food from elsewhere. 
And so many of these diseases, like asthma and certain kinds of cancers, are on the increase around places where our filthy toxic waste is dumped. 
Everything is hopeless -- we're always being told so by the media." 
There's little brochures all around outside, and if any of you have anything to do with children and care about their future, I beg that you pick up that brochure. 
Shoots seem tiny, but to reach the sun they can break through brick walls. 
We want to clear away the toxic soil from this area and have an organic garden. 
 Anyway -- so basically, Roots and Shoots is beginning to change young people's lives. 
And it's been so clear how much you all care about trying to make this world a better place. 
We are surrounded by the most amazing people who do things that seem to be absolutely impossible. 
This bell is made from metal from a defused landmine, from the killing fields of Pol Pot -- one of the most evil regimes in human history -- where people are now beginning to put their lives back together So, yes, there is hope, and where is the hope? 
If we lead lives where we consciously leave the lightest possible ecological footprints, if we buy the things that are ethical for us to buy and don't buy the things that are not, we can change the world overnight. 
Today I want to talk to you about the future, but first I'm going to tell you a bit about the past. 
My grandmother was on a train to Auschwitz, the death camp. 
And somehow -- we don't really know exactly the whole story -- but the train took the wrong track and went to a work camp rather than the death camp. 
So I started that, and worked in his lab for a year, and found the results that I guess you'd expect to find when you feed fruit flies heavy metals -- that it really, really impaired the nervous system. 
And being naive about the whole field, I kind of thought, "Oh, you have cell death in Alzheimer's which is causing the memory deficit, and then you have this compound -- purine derivatives -- that are promoting cell growth." 
And from then on, since I was now in this huge exciting world, I wanted to explore it all. I wanted it all at once, but knew I couldn't really get that. 
At first when I heard of cancer stem cells, I didn't really know how to put the two together. I'd heard of stem cells, and I'd heard of them as the panacea of the future -- the therapy of many diseases to come in the future, perhaps. 
But I'd heard of cancer as the most feared disease of our time, so how did the good and bad go together? 
And I really think that we can't think about cancer -- let alone any disease -- in such black-and-white terms. 
And while I was reading all these articles about cancer, it seemed that the articles -- a lot of them -- focused on, you know, the genetics of breast cancer, and the genesis and the progression of breast cancer -- tracking the cancer through the body, tracing where it is, where it goes. 
And skeletal muscle constitutes 50 percent of our body, or over 50 percent of our body. And so at first I kind of thought, "Well, maybe there's some obvious explanation why skeletal muscle doesn't get cancer -- at least not that I know of." 
Is there a reason for this?" And a lot of the replies I got were that muscle is terminally differentiated tissue. 
Meaning that you have muscle cells, but they're not dividing, so it doesn't seem like a good target for cancer to hijack. 
But then again, this fact that the metastases didn't go to skeletal muscle made that seem unlikely. 
Some of my hypotheses are that when you first think about skeletal muscle, there's a lot of blood vessels going to skeletal muscle. 
And another thing that's really interesting is that there's this whole -- the way tumors move throughout the body, it's a very complex system -- and there's something called the chemokine network. 
And what MyoD essentially does is, it causes cells to differentiate into muscle cells. So this compound, MyoD, has been tested on a lot of different cell types and been shown to actually convert this variety of cell types into skeletal muscle cells. 
But when the body is actually initiating a process and we're calling it a disease, it doesn't seem as though elimination is the right solution. So even to go from there, it's possible, although far-fetched, that in the future we could almost think of cancer being used as a therapy. 
A lot of us work for people; we're in the hands of other people. 
And when I started out, I thought that architecture was a service business and that you had to please the clients and stuff. 
I do run a kind of a business -- I've got 120 people and you've got to pay them, so there's a lot of responsibility involved -- but the actual work on the project is with, I think, a healthy insecurity. 
They want to add to it and it's hard to add to a building like that -- it's a beautiful, minimalist, black steel building -- and Richard wants to add a library and more student stuff and it's a lot of acreage. 
It must be like that for Kyu doing things with musicians -- it's similar to that I would imagine -- where you ... huh? 
 So, some years later I was doing a building, a little house on the beach for Norton Simon, and his secretary, who was kind of a hell on wheels type lady, called me and said, "Mr. Simon's sitting at his desk and the water's coming in on his head." 
Since Bilbao opened, which is now four, five years, both Krens and I have been called with at least 100 opportunities -- China, Brazil, other parts of Spain -- to come in and do the Bilbao effect. 
Usually I say no right away, but some of them come with pedigree and they sound well-intentioned and they get you for at least one or two meetings. 
"When you get here we'll explain it." Blah, blah, blah. 
And we get a lot of that. 
Imagine spending seven years at MIT and research laboratories, only to find out that you're a performance artist. 
I'm overtime, so I just wanted to say you can, if you're in New York, you can check out my work at the Whitney Biennial next week, and also at Bitforms Gallery in Chelsea. 
And so I want to tell you about that first, and then go on into where I think love is going. 
The other main characteristic is motivation. 
And we found activity in a lot of brain regions. 
With the beginning of plow agriculture, men's roles became extremely powerful. 
There's a lot of gender differences; anybody who thinks men and women are alike simply never had a boy and a girl child. 
Because the female parts of the brain are better connected, they tend to collect more pieces of data when they think, put them into more complex patterns, see more options and outcomes. 
And as it turns out, the older you get, the less likely you are to divorce. 
So the divorce rate right now is stable in America, and it's actually beginning to decline. 
An hour later they get down off of the rickshaw, and she throws her hands up and she says, "Wasn't that wonderful?" 
What's happened since the book came out -- the book was mainly about research in biomimicry -- and what's happened since then is architects, designers, engineers -- people who make our world -- have started to call and say, we want a biologist to sit at the design table to help us, in real time, become inspired. 
What they said to us at first was, you know, we already do biomimicry. 
This is not for lack of information; it's a lack of integration. 
And, in fact, there is a product called TPA that's mimicked that protein -- that stop-protein -- and it's an environmentally friendly way to stop scaling in pipes. 
The first day they would take a hike, and it was, click, click, click, click. Five minutes later they were back in the boat. 
And there's a lot of cool technologies out there that life has. 
Because life doesn't really deal in things; there are no things in the natural world divorced from their systems. 
And at the same time, I'm listening to a lot of businesses and finding what their sort of grand challenges are. 
I'm going to try to go through 12, really quickly. 
It's twice as tough as our high-tech ceramics. 
Imagine being able to -- and, again, it's a templated process, and it solidifies out of a liquid process -- imagine being able to have that sort of structure coming out at room temperature. 
It's one of the most distortion-free lenses we know of. 
Power of shape: here's a whale. We've seen that the fins of this whale have tubercles on them. And those little bumps actually increase efficiency in, for instance, the edge of an airplane -- increase efficiency by about 32 percent. 
Light comes through, it bounces back off the layers; it's called thin-film interference. Imagine being able to self-assemble products with the last few layers playing with light to create color. 
What if we were to separate out metals from waste streams, small amounts of metals in water? That's what microbes do; they chelate metals out of water. 
To figure out the elegant recipes that would take the small subset of the periodic table, and create miracle materials like that cell, is the task of green chemistry. 
They can be put in a glove compartment, OK. 
CA: Yeah. Just like, you know, like the 10-second version of 10, 11 and 12. Because we just -- your slides are so gorgeous, and the ideas are so big, I can't stand to let you go down without seeing 10, 11 and 12. 
 So it sums up a lot of what we're talking about. 
I can't think of a single general principle of biology that does not have an exception somewhere by some organism. 
Every single thing that we can think of -- and if you heard Olivia's talk about the sexual habits, you'll realize that there isn't anything we can say that's true for all life, because every single one of them is hacking something about it. 
And thirdly, the idea that machines are becoming biological and complex is at this point a cliche. And I'm happy to say, I was partly responsible for that cliche that machines are becoming biological, but that's pretty evident. 
That its operations and how it works is so similar that we can think of it as the seventh kingdom. 
And so it would be sort of approximately up there, coming out of the animal kingdom. And if we were to do that, we would find out -- we could actually approach technology in this way. 
In fact, they're so around that you can buy new parts for a Stanley steam automobile. 
Be it corn shellers -- you've got ploughs; you've got fan mills; all these things -- and these are not, again, antiques. These are -- you can order these. You can go to the web and you can buy them now, brand-new made. So in a certain sense, technologies don't die. 
We've heard about this and that. But I actually went back and took what I could find, the examples in history where there have been prohibitions against technology, and then I tried to find out when they came back in, because they always came back in. And it turns out that the time, the duration of when they were outlawed and prohibited, is decreasing over time. And that basically, you can delay technology, 
The origins of technology was not in 1829, but was actually at the beginning of the Big Bang, and at that moment the entire huge billions of stars in the universe were compressed. The entire universe was compressed into a little quantum dot, and it was so tight in there, there was no room for any difference at all. 
And I think it's really important. Because if you can imagine Mozart before the technology of the piano was invented -- what a loss to society there would be. 
Imagine Van Gogh being born before the technologies of cheap oil paints. 
I don't have an answer to the fact that there seem to be bad technologies. I don't have an answer to how this impacts on our dignity, other than to suggest that maybe the seventh kingdom, because it's so close to what life is about, maybe we can bring it back and have it help us monitor life. 
It's a terrible thing to spray DDT on cotton fields, but it's a really good thing to use to eliminate millions of cases of death due to malaria in a small village. 
And it comes out in January, and I hope you all buy it in triplicate. 
So I decided instead, I would talk about someone who I think has done as much to make Americans happy as perhaps anyone over the last 20 years, a man who is a great personal hero of mine: someone by the name of Howard Moskowitz, who is most famous for reinventing spaghetti sauce. 
What we do is you make up a big experimental batch of Pepsi, at every degree of sweetness -- eight percent, 8.1, 8.2, 8.3, all the way up to 12 -- and we try this out with thousands of people, and we plot the results on a curve, and we take the most popular concentration, right? Really simple. 
Ten small bowls of pasta, with a different spaghetti sauce on each one. 
Did he look for the most popular variety of spaghetti sauce? 
It is, in fact, enormously important. I'll explain to you why. 
Assumption number one in the food industry used to be that the way to find out what people want to eat, what will make people happy, is to ask them. 
And a critically important step in understanding our own desires and tastes is to realize that we cannot always explain what we want, deep down. 
And everyone's take-home lesson from that was that the way to make people happy is to give them something that is more expensive, something to aspire to. 
Because we thought that what it took to make people happy was to provide them with the most culturally authentic tomato sauce, A. 
And that's what would please the maximum number of people. 
And coffee is something he did a lot of work with, with Nescafé. 
If I were to ask all of you to try and come up with a brand of coffee -- a type of coffee, a brew -- that made all of you happy, and then I asked you to rate that coffee, the average score in this room for coffee would be about 60 on a scale of 0 to 100. 
 So -- I'm a blogger, which, probably, to a lot of you, means different things. 
I wasn't happy with my job, because I was a designer, but I wasn't being really stimulated. 
I wrote a post about wanting to buy a banjo -- a $300 banjo, which is a lot of money. 
I like music, and I like banjos, and I think I probably heard Steve Martin playing, And I said to my husband, "Ben, can I buy a banjo?" And he's like, "No." And my husband --  this is my husband, who is very hot -- he won an award for being hot. 
 He told me, "You cannot buy a banjo. 
And I wrote a post about how I was so mad at him, he was such a tyrant -- he would not let me buy this banjo. 
You could take that money and buy your banjo. 
These things resonate with us, and, if you think about blogs, you think of high art blogs, the history paintings about, you know, all the biblical stories, and then you have this. 
His baby is so small, and I've never encountered such a -- just -- a disturbing image, but just so heartfelt. 
And then you find these things and you're happy or unhappy. 
I would spend hours looking at the connections, saying, "Oh, the little kid up at the top has red hair; so does that first generation up there." 
And to think of what we have the ability to do with our blogs; to think about the people that are on those $100 computers, talking about who they are, sharing these personal stories -- this is an amazing thing. 
There was a joke, originally, about my graph that I left out, which is: You see all this math? I'm just happy I was able to add it up to 100, because that's my skill set. 
And unless you've been on Mars recently, you know there's a lot of that out there. 
But let's face it, there's a lot of bunk. 
 So the way it works is you go down the hallway, and you see if it tilts toward a particular locker, and then you open the locker. 
 Sir, do you want to empty your pockets, please, sir? 
And it got it 50 percent of the time -- which is exactly what you'd expect with a coin-flip model. 
With science, don't think of skepticism as a thing, or science as a thing. 
 You can say a miracle occurs, it's just that it doesn't explain anything or offer anything. 
It's the beginning of the causal chain for science. 
Second of all, his data was grainy and fuzzy, and he couldn't quite make out what he was looking at. 
It wasn't till Huygens had two things: He had a good theory of planetary rings and how the solar system operated, and he had better telescopic, more fine-grain data in which he could figure out that as the Earth is going around faster -- according to Kepler's Laws -- than Saturn, then we catch up with it. 
And if I didn't tell you what to look for, you'd still see the face, because we're programmed by evolution to see faces. 
And of course, happy faces, faces of all kinds are easy to see. 
You see the happy face on Mars, there.  If astronomers were frogs, perhaps they'd see Kermit the Frog. 
Here's when the Virgin Mary made her appearance on a cheese sandwich -- which I got to actually hold in a Las Vegas casino -- of course, this being America. 
 But who does it really look like? The Virgin Mary? 
There was a lot of people there. 
The faithful come in their wheelchairs and crutches, and so on. 
The second school I was at had big trees too, had a fantastic tulip tree, I think it was the biggest in the country, and it also had a lot of wonderful bushes and vegetation One day I was grabbed by some of my classmates, and taken in the bushes -- I was stripped; I was attacked; I was abused; and this came out of the blue. 
Now, the reason I say that, because, afterwards, I was thinking -- well, I went back into the school -- I felt dirty; I felt betrayed; I felt ashamed, but mainly -- mainly, I felt powerless. 
And 30 years later I was sitting in an airplane, next to a lady called Veronica, who came from Chile, and we were on a human rights tour, and she was starting to tell me what it was like to be tortured, and, from my very privileged position, this was the only reference point that I had. 
But I got a phone call from Bono in 1985 and, as you know, he's a great singer, but he's a magnificent hustler, and --  -- a very hard guy to say no to, and he was saying, you know, just after I'd done the Biko song, we're going to do a tour for Amnesty, you have to be on it, and really that was the first time that I'd been out and started meeting people 
And, once again, I got an extraordinary education, and it was the first time, really, that I'd met a lot of these people in the different countries, and these human rights stories became very physical, and, again, I couldn't really walk away quite so comfortably. 
And it seemed that whenever there was a camera around, or a video or film camera, it was a great deal harder to do -- for those in power to bury the story. 
And we campaign with activist groups and help them tell their story and, in fact, I will show you in a moment one of the most recent campaigns, and I'm afraid it's a story from Uganda, and, although we had a wonderful story from Uganda yesterday, this one isn't quite so good. 
At first, we were safe in the camp. 
But later the government soldiers began mistreating us a lot. 
Anyway, WITNESS has been trying to arm the brave people who often put their lives at risk around the world, with cameras, and I'd like to show you just a little more of that. Thank you. 
 PG: WITNESS was born of technological innovation -- in a sense the small, portable, DV cam was really what allowed it to come into being. 
And so, the dream is that we could have a world in which anyone who has anything bad happen to them of this sort has a chance of getting their story uploaded, being seen, being watched, that they really know that they can be heard, that there would be a giant website, maybe, a little like Google Earth, and you could fly over and find out the realities of what's going, 
for the world's inhabitants. In a way what this technology is allowing is, really, that a lot of the problems of the world can have a human face, that we can actually see who's dying of AIDS or who's being beaten up, for the first time, and we can hear their stories in a way that the blogger culture -- if we can move that into these sort of fields, I think we can really transform the world in all sorts of ways. 
OK, everybody imagine books and imagine just tearing out the pages. 
So, liberating these pages and imagine digitizing them and then storing them in a vast, interconnected, global repository. 
And then take that material and imagine making it all open, so that people can modify it, play with it, improve it. 
Imagine making it free, so that anyone in the world can have access to all of this knowledge, and imagine using information technology so that you can update this content, improve it, play with it, on a timescale that's more on the order of seconds instead of years. 
Instead of editions of a book coming out every two years, imagine them coming out every 25 seconds. 
So that we could truly build an ecosystem with not just authors, but all the people who could be or want to be authors in all the different languages of the world, and I think if you could do this, it would be called -- I'm just going to refer to it as a knowledge ecosystem. 
So, really, this is the dream, and in a sense what you can think of it is we're trying to enable anyone in the world, I mean anyone in the world -- to be their own educational DJ, creating educational materials, sharing them with the world, constantly innovating on them. So, this is the dream. 
Over the last six-and-a-half years, we've been working really hard at Rice University on a project called Connexions, and so what I'd like to do for the rest of the talk is just tell you a little bit about what people are doing with Connexions, which you can kind of think of as the counterpoint to Nicholas Negroponte's talk yesterday, where they're working on the hardware of bringing education to the world. 
Well, the first thing is, there's a community of engineering professors, from Cambridge to Kyoto, who are developing engineering content in electrical engineering to develop what you can think of as a massive, super textbook that covers the entire area of electrical engineering. 
In fact, a lot of this use coming from United States K-12 schools, because anyone who's involved in a school scale back, the first thing that's cut is the music curriculum. 
And to them, this idea of being able to remix and customize to the local context is extraordinarily important, because just providing free content to people has actually been likened by people in the developing world to a kind of cultural imperialism -- that if you don't empower people with the ability to re-contextualize the material, translate it into their own language and take ownership of it, it's not good. 
They're actually developing a lot of their science and engineering curriculum to spread widely around the world in our system. 
And I think a lot of you received -- I think all of you received one of these music books in your gift pack. 
Because it's published on demand and it's developed from this repository of open materials. 
So what we're seeing is moving this burning or publication process from the regular, sort of single-authored book towards community-authored materials that are modular, that are customized to each individual class and published on demand very inexpensively, either pushed out through Amazon or published directly through an on-demand press, like QOOP. 
And what you can really think of XML in this case is it's the packaging that we're putting around these pages. 
And I think that really, in a sense, what we're trying to do is make Minsky's dream come to a reality, where you can imagine all the books in a library actually starting to talk to each other. 
OK, back to math. Imagine -- this is possible: that every single equation that you click on in one of your new e-texts is something that you're going to be able to explore and experiment with. 
So imagine your kid's algebra textbook in seventh grade. 
In fact, you're free to share it, to do all of these things: to copy it, to change it, even to make commercial use of it, as long as you attribute the author. 
And there's actually a tremendous uptake of the number of people that are actually licensing music to make it free for people who do this whole idea of re-sampling, ripping, mixing, burning and sharing. 
And you can think of TED as a potential lens. 
So, thanks very much. 
Take the money; go to Amazon; buy a phonebook for a country you've never been to -- call folks at random until you find someone who flirts really well in a foreign language. 
 If I were in charge of the Internet, you could Mapquest your lover's mood swings. 
That way you could listen to cool music while you pretend to look for a job and you're really just chattin' with your pals. 
Here you see the machining, the milling of a block of acrylic. 
In the future, they will look like that, because we need to move away from those type of polymers and use that for medical equipment and more important things, perhaps, in life. 
I'm not talking about designing telephones that look like that and I'm not looking at designing architecture like that. 
I studied cooking in school for four years, and in that experience, which was called "domestic science," it was a bit of a cheap trick for me to try and get a science qualification. 
It's an absolutely fat-free design, and when you look at it, you see human beings. 
And they look funky, too -- but I don't set out to make funky things because I think that's an absolute disgrace. 
I set out to look at natural forms. 
It's grown in my mind, and then it's grown in terms of the whole process that I go through. 
That's the weird side coming out again. A lot of companies don't understand that. 
Most people go and buy the Aston Martin. I built this. 
Took about two years, because I'm looking for fat-free design. 
My guys go out for lunch. The door's open. They come back in, because it's normally raining and they prefer to stay in. 
I'm going to give you four specific examples, I'm going to cover at the end about how a company called Silk tripled their sales; how an artist named Jeff Koons went from being a nobody to making a whole bunch of money and having a lot of impact; to how Frank Gehry redefined what it meant to be an architect. 
When I talk about it I usually pick business, because they make the best pictures that you can put in your presentation, and because it's the easiest sort of way to keep score. 
The way the TV-industrial complex works, is you buy some ads, interrupt some people, that gets you distribution. 
You take the profit from that to buy more ads. 
And it goes around and around and around, the same way that the military-industrial complex worked a long time ago. 
Well, this TV-industrial complex informed my entire childhood and probably yours. 
I go to the deli; I'm sick; I need to buy some medicine. 
I buy the stuff in the yellow box because I always have. 
They've come out... Arby's is going to spend 85 million dollars promoting an oven mitt with the voice of Tom Arnold, hoping that that will get people to go to Arby's and buy a roast beef sandwich. 
 Now, I had tried to imagine what could possibly be in an animated TV commercial featuring Tom Arnold, that would get you to get in your car, drive across town and buy a roast beef sandwich. 
 So consumers, and I don't just mean people who buy stuff at the Safeway; I mean people at the Defense Department who might buy something, or people at, you know, the New Yorker who might print your article. 
Two of the big success stories of the last 20 years in retail -- one sells things that are super-expensive in a blue box, and one sells things that are as cheap as they can make them. 
They didn't want to buy his bread. 
It didn't look like "French bread." 
But in a world where the TV-industrial complex is broken, I don't think that's a strategy we want to use any more. 
To make a product, to market an idea, to come up with any problem you want to solve that doesn't have a constituency with an otaku, is almost impossible. 
But the fact remains that when someone wants to put a couple of speakers in their car, if they've got the otaku or they've heard from someone who does, they go ahead and they pick this. 
Those people who buy them have the otaku, and then they tell their friends, and it spreads and it spreads. 
The first one is: Design is free when you get to scale. 
The people who come up with stuff that's remarkable more often than not figure out how to put design to work for them. 
You'll be happy to know that I'll be talking not about my own tragedy, but other people's tragedy. 
First, I want to explain how and why crack cocaine had such a profound influence on inner-city gangs. 
Being a gang leader in the inner city wasn't such a bad deal in the mid-'80s -- the early '80s, let me say. 
As a result, as a gang leader, you had, you know, power -- it's a pretty good life -- but the thing was, in the end, you were living at home with your mother. 
And for the worse -- not for the better, but for the worse. 
And it was a perfect drug; you could buy the cocaine that went into it for a dollar, sell it for five dollars. 
And for the people who were there running the gang, it was a great way, seemingly, to make a lot of money. 
Not really me -- I'm really a bit player in all this. 
He was really a curious sight to be seen. 
Now, Sudhir was lucky -- he was such a freak, and that clipboard probably saved his life, because they figured no other rival gang member would be coming up to shoot at them with a clipboard. 
 So the choice of answers were: [A) Very Good B) Good C) Bad D) Very Bad] What Sudhir found out is, in fact, that the real answer was the following:  The survey was not, in the end, going to be what got Sudhir off the hook. 
There was a lot of gunfire, there were a lot of philosophical discussions he had with the gang members. 
And that was the beginning of what turned out to be a beautiful relationship that involved Sudhir living in the housing project on and off for 10 years, hanging out in crack houses, going to jail with the gang members, having the windows shot out of his car, having the police break into his apartment and steal his computer disks -- you name it. 
But ultimately, the story has a happy ending for Sudhir, who became one of the most respected sociologists in the country. 
I don't know if you know much about org charts, but if you were to assign a stripped-down and simplified McDonald's org chart, this is exactly what it would look like. 
 But the thing that really makes the gang seem like McDonald's is its franchisees. 
So what do the wages look like? You might be surprised. 
Well, the reason it's such a bad job is that there's somebody shooting at you a lot of the time. 
So, with shooting at you, what are the death rates? 
We found, in our gang -- and admittedly, this was not really a standard situation; this was a time of intense violence, of a lot of gang wars, as this gang actually became quite successful. But there were costs. 
And so the death rate -- not to mention the rate of being arrested, sent to prison, being wounded -- the death rate in our sample was seven percent per person per year. 
You're in the gang for four years, you expect to die with about a 25 percent likelihood. 
So for comparison's purposes, let's think about some other walk of life you may expect might be extremely risky. 
Let's say that you were a murderer and you were convicted of murder, and you're sent to death row. 
It turns out, the death rates on death row from all causes, including execution: two percent a year. 
 So it's a lot safer being on death row than it is selling drugs out on the street. 
That gives you some pause, for those of you who believe that a death penalty's going to have an enormous deterrent effect on crime. 
To give you a sense of just how bad the inner city was during crack -- and I'm not really focusing on the negatives, but really, there's another story to tell you there -- if you look at the death rates just of random, young black males growing up in the inner city in the United States, the death rates during crack were about one percent. 
And this is violent death -- it's unbelievable, in some sense. 
To put it into perspective: if you compare this to the soldiers in Iraq, for instance, right now fighting the war: 0.5 percent. 
And they were willing to work very cheap for stock options that never came. 
And really, they did all sorts of things to trick the young people into thinking what a great deal the gang was going to be. 
They're talking about the decision of why they don't go shoot -- One thing that turns out to be a great business tactic in the gang: if you go and just shoot guns in the air in the other gang's territory -- people are afraid to go buy drugs there, they're going to come into your neighborhood. 
We had some theories related to cash flow, and lack of access to capital markets, and things like that. 
And I thought about it and said, "CEOs often pay themselves million-dollar bonuses, even when companies are losing a lot of money. 
Once upon a time, there was a dread disease that afflicted children. 
And although parents tried as hard as they could to use it properly, almost all of them ended up using it wrong in the end. 
And then the child turned two, and I started using the cheap and easy treatment, and I wonder" -- and she wondered, like all parents who lose children wonder -- "if there isn't something that I could have done, like keep on using that complicated, expensive cure." 
And she told all the other people, and she said, "How could it possibly be that something that's cheap and simple works as well as something that's complicated and expensive?" 
and use the cheap and simple solution." 
We should outlaw this cheap and simple treatment and not let anybody use this on their children." 
But he knew about the cheap and simple one. 
And he thought about it, and the expensive one didn't seem that great to him. So he thought, "I don't know anything about science, but I do know something about data, so maybe I should go and look at the data and see whether this expensive and complicated treatment actually works any better than the cheap and simple one." 
And lo and behold, when he went through the data, he found that it didn't look like the expensive, complicated solution was any better than the cheap one, at least for the children who were two and older -- the cheap one still didn't work on the kids who were younger. 
And so, he went forth to the people and he said, "I've made this wonderful finding: it looks as if we could just use the cheap and simple solution, and by doing so we could save ourselves 300 million dollars a year, and we could spend that on our children in other ways." 
And the parents were very unhappy, and they said, "This is a terrible thing, because how can the cheap and easy thing be as good as the hard thing?" And the government was very upset. 
It's a true story about the United States today, and the disease I'm referring to is actually motor vehicle accidents for children. 
And the free cure is adult seatbelts, and the expensive cure -- the 300-million-dollar-a-year cure -- is child car seats. 
So, here is the data. Here I have, among two- to six-year-olds -- anyone above six, basically no one uses car seats, so you can't compare -- 29.3 percent of the children who are unrestrained in a crash in which at least one person dies, themselves die. 
If they're wearing a lap-and-shoulder belt, in this raw data, 19.4 percent die. And interestingly, wearing a lap-only seatbelt, 16.7 percent die. And actually, the theory tells you that the lap-only seatbelt's got to be worse than the lap-and-shoulder belt. And that just reminds you that when you deal with raw data, there are hundreds of confounding variables that may be getting in the way. 
And so, you can see that the lap-only seatbelts start to look worse once you do that. 
And the standard error bands are relatively small around these estimates as well. 
And I think that's because they've been optimized to pass, as we always expect people to do, to optimize relative to bright-line rules about how affected the car will be. 
And then, let's make this really big contraption that you have to rig up to it in this daisy chain." 
So the question is, is there any hope for adoption of something like this, which would presumably save a lot of lives? 
So, my father would have patients come in who he thought were not really sick. 
And the jar of pills he had, he said, were the tiniest little pills he could find, so small you could barely see them. 
Is there any data to show that child seats are actually less effective, or just as effective as seatbelts for serious injury? Because that would prove your case.) Steven Levitt: Yeah, that's a great question. In my data, and in another data set I've looked at for New Jersey crashes, I find very small differences in injury. 
Even if they're right, it's not so clear that they're so cost-effective. 
And I organize it. And, well, it's also a bit different because an architect versus, let's say, a dance company finally is a negotiation between one's private world, one's conceptual world, the world of ideas, the world of aspirations, of inventions, with the relationship of the exterior world and all the limitations, the naysayers. 
I have no interest at all in conceiving something in my brain and saying, "This is what it looks like." In fact, somebody mentioned -- Ewan, maybe it was you in your introduction -- about this is what architects -- did somebody say it's what business people come to, it's what the corporate world comes to when they want to make it look like something at the end of the line? Huh. Wow. 
Architecture is the beginning of something, because it's -- if you're not involved in first principles, if you're not involved in the absolute, the beginning of that generative process, it's cake decoration. 
Because one of the issues today is that the economic aggregate is driving the development aggregate, and as the aggregates get larger we require more and more complex investigation processes to solve these problems. 
And then the broader ideas of city-making start having direct influences on architecture, on the elements that make up the broader scheme, the buildings themselves, and start guiding us. 
It became kind of an idea for the notion of the surface of a work, and it was used in a project where we could unravel that surface, and it was a figurative idea that was going to be folded and made into a very, kind of complex space. 
And this was the first prototype in Korea, as we're dealing with a dynamic envelope, and then the same characteristic of the fabric. 
You could not proceed without making this negotiation of the character you're working with and how he understands the court, because I'm showing him, of course, Corbusier at Savoy, which is 1928, which is the beginning of modern architecture. 
While creation sometimes seems a bit un-graspable, or even pointless, creativity is always meaningful. 
And another point -- why I'm here -- is that the day I went to pick up the Plexiglas trophy, I rented a tuxedo for the first time in my life, picked the thing -- didn't have any friends. 
On my way out, I had to break a fight apart. 
Because when I decided to go into advertising, I wanted to do -- I wanted to airbrush naked people on ice, for whiskey commercials, that's what I really wanted to do.  But I -- they didn't let me do it, so I just -- you know, they would only let me do other things. 
So I decided to make these very simple renderings, that at first they are taken as a line drawing -- you know, something that's very -- and then I did it with wire. 
And I wanted to deal with other subjects. 
Freud probably could explain chocolate better than I. He was the first subject. 
Now I would do very small ones, which would be like -- but under the same light, and I would show them together, so the viewer would have to really figure it out what one he was looking. 
I wasn't interested in the very large things, or in the small things. 
And this is another thing that I did -- you know working -- everybody loves to watch somebody draw, but not many people have a chance to watch somebody draw in -- a lot of people at the same time, to evidence a single drawing. 
The material I'm going to show you is one idea from a book with a lot of ideas. 
They're going to be small. 
And if they try to fight us in the traditional, straight-up manner we're going to kick their ass, which is why people don't try to do that any more. 
The theory of anti-access, area-denial asymmetrical strategies -- gobbledygook that we sell to Congress, because if we just told them we can kick anybody's asses they wouldn't buy us all the stuff we want. 
Here's the way I like to describe it instead. 
What I think this really represents is lack of an A to Z rule set for the world as a whole for processing politically bankrupt states. 
Argentina just went through it, broke a lot of rules. 
What would an A to Z system look like? 
  What we have extant right now, at the beginning of this system, is the U.N. Security Council as a grand jury. 
They can put it in an envelope and mail it to you, and then say in no uncertain terms, "Please cut that out." 
You vote according to how much money you put in the kitty. 
 So they start moving from reality towards desire and they create their own special language to describe their voyage of self-discovery and self-actualization. 
 The problem is you need a big, sexy opponent to fight against. 
 The rest of the military got dragged down into the muck and they developed this very derisive term to describe it: military operations other than war. 
Most of them don't pick up a rifle. 
Going back to the beginning of our country -- historically, defenses meant protection of the homeland. 
The 19-year-olds get tired from the switching, OK? 
You break out that Leviathan Force only every so often. 
You break out that Leviathan Force, you promise, you guarantee that you're going to mount one hell of a -- immediately -- follow-on Sys Admin effort. 
 Other differences. Leviathan traditional partners, they all look like the Brits and their former colonies. 
You're not going to get away from that. 
What we need to do is inter-agency operations, which frankly Condi Rice was in charge of. 
I've been told by the Revolution of Military Affairs crowd for years, we can do it faster, cheaper, smaller, just as lethal. 
I say, "Great, I'm going to take the Sys Admin budget out of your hide." 
This is the history of the marines -- small wars, small arms. 
  Department of Navy, strategic subs go this way, surface combatants are over there, and the news is they may actually be that small. 
 I call it the Smart Dust Navy. 
Here's the dirty secret of the Air Force, you can win by bombing. 
And she crossed in March, and there's a lot of snow at 18,500 feet in March. 
As a teenager, he faced the invasion of his country, and had to deal with it -- he was the leader of the country. 
He's the shaman of the Huaorani, and he said to us, you know, I'm an older man now; I'm getting tired, you know; I'm tired of spearing these oil workers. 
I wish they would just go away. 
Because at first I wanted -- you know, I've taken him on a couple of trips, but I wanted him to see people that live on a dollar a day or less. 
I wanted him to get an experience in the Islamic world and I also wanted him to -- I was going there to work with a group, do a story on a group called the Kalash, that are a group of animists, 3,000 animists, that live -- very small area -- surrounded by Islam -- there's 3,000 of these Kalash left; they're incredible people. 
Well, I thought there would be a podium, so I'm a bit scared. 
So you -- it was fun to get away from high school --  -- because I was very small, and I was no good in sports, or anything like that. 
And at the University of Chicago I was a zoology major, and thought I would end up, you know, if I was bright enough, maybe getting a Ph.D. from Cornell in ornithology. 
 So I went to Indiana, which was actually as good as Caltech in genetics, and besides, they had a really good basketball team.  So I had a really quite happy life at Indiana. 
It wasn't going anywhere toward, you know, saying what the gene was; it was just nuclear science. And oh, that's the book, little book. 
 And so I didn't really get happy until 1960, because then we found out, basically, you know, that there are three forms of RNA. 
 And so DNA didn't become a useful molecule, and the lawyers didn't enter into the equation until 1973, 20 years later, when Boyer and Cohen in San Francisco and Stanford came up with their method of recombinant DNA, and Stanford patented it and made a lot of money. 
And what you can do is sort of compare DNA of normal segs versus cancer. 
So we think that this will eventually lead to what we call "DNA biopsies." Before you get treated for cancer, you should really look at this technique, and get a feeling of the face of the enemy. 
So the first disease he looked at is autism. 
And you can see here, there are a lot of them. 
So a lot of autistic kids are autistic because they just lost a big piece of DNA. 
And I found out later that it was Julius' first day in Nairobi, and he's one of many. 
This was Southland, a small shanty community on the western side of Nairobi, Kenya. 
This is in Rio de Janeiro, and it's getting a bit better, right? 
And when they have more money they cement their streets, and they put in sewers and good water pipes, and stuff like that. 
That does not necessarily mean property rights, and I would disagree with Hernando de Soto on that question, because property rights create a lot of complications. 
They're most often sold to people, and people then wind up in debt and have to pay back the debt, and sometimes have to sell their property in order to pay back the debt. 
And the second aspect is that once you have 2,000 people in the community, you can petition the government to be recognized as a legal sub-municipality. 
Charles Van Doren, who was later a senior editor of Britannica, said the ideal encyclopedia should be radical -- it should stop being safe. 
Wikipedia, on the other hand, begins with a very radical idea, and that's for all of us to imagine a world in which every single person on the planet is given free access to the sum of all human knowledge. 
So Wikipedia's owned by the Wikimedia Foundation, which I founded, a nonprofit organization. And our goal, the core aim of the Wikimedia Foundation, is to get a free encyclopedia to every single person on the planet. 
And so we're going to have to do a lot of work that goes beyond just the Internet. 
And so that's a big part of why we've chosen the free licensing model, because that empowers local entrepreneurs or anyone who wants to -- they can take our content and do anything they like with it -- you can copy it, redistribute it -- and you can do it commercially or non-commercially. 
So there's a lot of opportunities that are going to arise around Wikipedia all over the world. 
But only around one-third of all of our traffic to our web clusters to the English Wikipedia, which is surprising to a lot of people. 
A lot of people think in a very English-centric way on the Internet, but for us, we're truly global. We're in many, many languages. 
People are always asking, "Well, who's in charge of this?" 
So a German magazine compared German Wikipedia, which is much, much smaller than English, to Microsoft Encarta and to Brockhaus multimedial, and we won across the board. 
They hired experts to come and look at articles and compare the quality, and we were very pleased with that result. 
So a lot of people have heard about the Wikipedia Bush-Kerry controversy. 
And I said -- you know, I always say, please don't do that. That's not a good thing. 
The type of people who were drawn to writing an encyclopedia for fun tend to be pretty smart people. 
But you can imagine there's a lot of other areas where the question is, is this notable enough to go in an encyclopedia? 
Now it is true that at the end of the day, an administrator can go through here and take a look at this and say, "OK, 18 deletes, two keeps: we'll delete it." 
But in other cases, this could be 18 deletes and two keeps, and we would keep it, because if those last two keeps say, "Wait a minute. Nobody else saw this but I found it in a book, and I found a link to a page that describes it, and I'm going to clean it up tomorrow, so please don't delete it," then it would survive. 
His voice carries a lot of weight within the community because he knows what he's doing. 
And I always embarrass her because I say, "Well, Angela, for example, could get away with doing absolutely anything within Wikipedia, because she's so admired and so powerful." 
And that's not exactly what I said, but -- the point is my role in the community -- Within the free software world, there's been a long-standing tradition of the "benevolent dictator" model. 
So if you look at most of the major free software projects, they have one single person in charge who everyone agrees is the benevolent dictator. 
Of course, because of the free licensing, if I do a bad job, the volunteers are more than happy to take and leave -- I can't tell anyone what to do. 
Jimmy Wales: Yeah, so, a lot of teachers are beginning to use Wikipedia. 
And for a lot of people in the world, if I give you an encyclopedia that's written at a university level, it doesn't do you any good without a whole host of literacy materials to build you up to the point where you can actually use it. 
That's a key trend, which is decentralization, moving from centralized nuclear power plants and liquid natural gas tankers to decentralized resources that are environmentally more friendly, a lot more efficient and capable and safe from disruption. 
Bono spoke very eloquently, that we have the tools, for the first time, to address age-old problems of disease and poverty. 
Being from the Massachusetts high-tech community myself, I'd point out that we were hippies also in the 1960s, although we hung around Harvard Square. 
And a lot of people, when they think about the future, think about it linearly. 
But it's the nature of exponential growth that once it reaches the knee of the curve, it explodes. 
These are all logarithmic graphs, so as you go up the levels it represents, generally multiplying by factor of 10 or 100. 
But you see a very clear trend. 
They were shrinking vacuum tubes, making them smaller and smaller. 
You could buy 10 million in 2002. 
Just as we can't predict what one molecule in a gas will do -- it's hopeless to predict a single molecule -- yet we can predict the properties of the whole gas, using thermodynamics, very accurately. 
As we make them smaller and less expensive, the electrons have less distance to travel. 
If you have 50 percent deflation, people may increase their volume 30, 40 percent, but they won't keep up with it." 
There's actually a -- for the first time now, something going to human trials, that actually cures pulmonary hypertension -- a fatal disease -- using gene therapy. 
Doug Hofstadter wonders, well, maybe our intelligence just isn't great enough to understand our intelligence, and if we were smarter, well, then our brains would be that much more complicated, and we'd never catch up to it. 
This is a block diagram of a model and simulation of the human auditory cortex that actually works quite well -- in applying psychoacoustic tests, gets very similar results to human auditory perception. 
They'll be so small, they'll be embedded in our clothing, in our environment. 
I'm going to talk about why we have to get our shit together, and actually talk about this a bit more than we do. 
Namely, essentially an elimination of the relationship between how old you are and how likely you are to die in the next year -- or indeed, to get sick in the first place. 
Now the thing is, I would like to put it to you that the main reason why we think that malaria is a bad thing is because of a characteristic of malaria that it shares with aging. 
I mean, I know I'm with a sympathetic audience here, but, as we know, a lot of people are not entirely persuaded by this logic. 
You know, a lot of people said, "Well, you know, city boys have no business telling us rural types what to do with our time. 
But ultimately, the government prevailed in the end, because the majority of the British public, and certainly the majority of members of Parliament, came to the conclusion that it was really something that should not be tolerated in a civilized society. 
It's not just about life, of course --  -- it's about healthy life, you know -- getting frail and miserable and dependent is no fun, So really, this is how I would like to describe it. 
People worry about overpopulation; they say, "Well, if we fix aging, no one's going to die to speak of, or at least the death toll is going to be much lower, only from crossing St. Giles carelessly. 
And you know, a lot of people try to fudge this question, and give answers like this. 
We will have to decide whether to have a low birth rate, or a high death rate. 
A high death rate will, of course, arise from simply rejecting these therapies, in favor of carrying on having a lot of kids. 
And as soon as the inevitability bit becomes a little bit unclear -- and we might be in range of doing something about aging -- this becomes part of the problem. 
Aging is basically a process that happens to inanimate objects like cars, and it also happens to us, despite the fact that we have a lot of clever self-repair mechanisms, because those self-repair mechanisms are not perfect. 
Basically, gerontology is a fine approach in the end, but it is not an approach whose time has come when we're talking about intervention. 
Now, they differ a great deal in terms of the predictability of time frames. 
Computers: you can look at a more or less parallel time line, happening of course a bit later. 
Because, you know, most people, when they hear that I predict that a lot of people alive today are going to live to 1,000 or more, they think that I'm saying that we're going to invent therapies in the next few decades that are so thoroughly eliminating aging that those therapies will let us live to 1,000 or more. 
So, these trajectories here are basically how we would expect people to live, in terms of remaining life expectancy, as measured by their health, for given ages that they were at the time that these therapies arrive. 
But if you're only 50, then there's a chance that you might be able to pull out of the dive and, you know --  -- eventually get through this and start becoming biologically younger in a meaningful sense, in terms of your youthfulness, both physical and mental, and in terms of your risk of death from age-related causes. 
And of course, if you're a bit younger than that, then you're never really even going to get near to being fragile enough to die of age-related causes. 
And I'm going to explain exactly what damage is in concrete biological terms in a moment. 
But I would like to claim to you that this list in the middle is actually complete -- this is the list of types of thing that qualify as damage, side effects of metabolism that cause pathology in the end, or that might cause pathology. 
I haven't got time to go through them at all, but my conclusion is that, if we can actually get suitable funding for this, then we can probably develop robust mouse rejuvenation in only 10 years, but we do need to get serious about it. 
I've published a great deal on this; I cite the experimental work on which my optimism is based, and there's quite a lot of detail there. 
So if you think that I'm wrong, you'd better damn well go and find out why you think I'm wrong. 
And of course the main thing is that you shouldn't trust people who call themselves gerontologists because, as with any radical departure from previous thinking within a particular field, you know, you expect people in the mainstream to be a bit resistant and not really to take it seriously. 
This is what's going to take a bit of money. 
  Audience: Species on this planet have evolved with immune systems to fight off all the diseases so that individuals live long enough to procreate. 
AG: If you lose a bit of weight. 
 Your numbers are a bit out. 
True land plants arose, leafless at first. 
And you all here today can imagine and will shape where we go next. 
They will not say "children" at first, and then when you say, "children," they will pretty quickly agree with you. 
And that is that we all in this room learned how to walk, how to talk, not by being taught how to talk, or taught how to walk, but by interacting with the world, by having certain results as a consequence of being able to ask for something, or being able to stand up and reach it. 
And one of the things in general that computers have provided to learning is that it now includes a kind of learning which is a little bit more like walking and talking, in the sense that a lot of it is driven by the learner himself or herself. 
They're reporting five things: drop of truancy to almost zero, attending parent-teacher meetings -- which nobody did and now almost everybody does -- drop in discipline problems, increase in student participation. 
And it's not important because you can buy components at a lower price, OK? 
It's because you can go to a manufacturer -- and I will leave the name out -- but we wanted a small display, doesn't have to have perfect color uniformity. 
We're interested in big displays, bright displays. 
That's why a lot of our people are more or less living in Taiwan right now. 
It's kind of agonizing, because a lot of people say, "Let's do it at the state level," because states are more nimble than the feds, just because of size. 
Everybody thinks they know about education, a lot of culture is built into it as well. 
Here's sort of the schedule and I put at the bottom we might give some away free in two years at this meeting. 
Each government has a task force. This perhaps is less interesting, but we're trying to get the governments to all work together and it's not easy. 
In six billion years, the sun will look like that. 
This picture shows a patch of sky so small that it would take about 100 patches like it to cover the full moon in the sky. 
Through a small telescope, this would look quite blank, but you see here hundreds of little, faint smudges. 
Each is a galaxy, fully like ours or Andromeda, which looks so small and faint because its light has taken 10 billion light-years to get to us. 
There's scant chance of life there -- that's because there's been no time for the nuclear fusion in stars to make silicon and carbon and iron, the building blocks of planets and of life. 
We believe that all of this emerged from a Big Bang -- a hot, dense state. So how did that amorphous Big Bang turn into our complex cosmos? 
But you see, as time goes on in gigayears at the bottom, you will see structures evolve as gravity feeds on small, dense irregularities, and structures develop. 
And we compare simulated universes like that -- I'll show you a better simulation at the end of my talk -- with what we actually see in the sky. 
And, as we've learned in the last few years, galaxies are held together by the gravitational pull of so-called dark matter: particles in huge swarms, far smaller even than atomic nuclei. 
But the unfinished business for 21st-century science is to link together cosmos and micro-world with a unified theory -- symbolized, as it were, gastronomically at the top of that picture.  And until we have that synthesis, we won't be able to understand the very beginning of our universe because when our universe was itself the size of an atom, quantum effects could shake everything. 
And so we need a theory that unifies the very large and the very small, which we don't yet have. 
One idea is that our three-dimensional universe may be embedded in a high-dimensional space, just as you can imagine on these sheets of paper. 
You can imagine ants on one of them thinking it's a two-dimensional universe, not being aware of another population of ants on the other. 
You want to not only synthesize the very large and the very small, but we want to understand the very complex. 
And the most complex things are ourselves, midway between atoms and stars. 
We depend on chemistry to determine our complex structure. 
We clearly have to be large, compared to atoms, to have layer upon layer of complex structure. 
We clearly have to be small, compared to stars and planets -- otherwise we'd be crushed by gravity. And in fact, we are midway. 
It would take as many human bodies to make up the sun as there are atoms in each of us. 
The science of complexity is probably the greatest challenge of all, greater than that of the very small on the left and the very large on the right. 
Bio- and cybertechnologies are environmentally benign in that they offer marvelous prospects, while, nonetheless, reducing pressure on energy and resources. 
And I think we have to go back to what happened in the post-War era, post-World War II, when the nuclear scientists who'd been involved in making the atomic bomb, in many cases were concerned that they should do all they could to alert the world to the dangers. 
There's an unthinking tendency to imagine that humans will be there, experiencing the sun's demise, but any life and intelligence that exists then will be as different from us as we are from bacteria. 
So we are still at the beginning of the emergence of complexity in our Earth and beyond. 
Over nearly all that immense time, Earth's appearance would have changed very gradually. 
Metallic objects -- albeit very small ones, a few tons at most -- escaped into orbit around the Earth. 
One of the threads that seems to have come through loud and clear in the last couple of days is this need to reconcile what the Big wants -- the "Big" being the organization, the system, the country -- and what the "Small" wants -- the individual, the person. 
So, bringing together the Small to help facilitate and create the Big, I think, is something that we believe in -- something I believe in, and something that we kind of bring to life through what we do at Ideo. 
I call this first chapter -- for the Brits in the room -- Often, the good ideas are so staring-at-you-right-in-the-face that you kind of miss them. And I think, a lot of times, what we do is just, sort of, hold the mirror up to our clients, and sort of go, "Duh! You know, look what's really going on." 
We were asked by a large healthcare system in Minnesota to describe to them what their patient experience was. 
Very small example of something that they could do. 
So that what you could actually do was go into the room and write messages to the person who was sick in that room, which was lovely. 
So, looking wide, using your peripheral vision, is a really interesting place to look for opportunity. 
We did a lot of sexy tech at Ideo -- they'd seen this and they wanted a sexy piece of technology for medical diagnostics. 
When we actually went and watched this procedure taking place -- and I'll explain this in a second -- it became very obvious that there was a human dimension to this that they really weren't recognizing. 
A friend of mine was a designer at IKEA, and he was asked by his boss to help design a storage system for children. 
I mean, it's about picking battles big enough to matter but small enough to win. 
Again, that's one of the themes that I think has come through loud and clear in this conference is: Where do we start? How do we start? What do we do to start? 
And, again, as designers, we wanted to make this thing incredibly beautiful and spend a lot of time thinking of the form. 
It's powered a bit like a Stairmaster -- you pump up and down on it. 
So we've handed out bracelets. Small is the new big. 
The first is -- death is a big problem. 
So the annual death rate adds up to 150,000 -- sorry, the daily death rate -- 150,000 people per day, which is a huge number by any standard. 
The annual death rate, then, becomes 56 million. 
If we just look at the single, biggest cause of death -- aging -- it accounts for roughly two-thirds of all human people who die. 
That adds up to an annual death toll of greater than the population of Canada. 
I think death might be both too familiar and too big for most people to see it as a problem. 
I just look at the information, and knowledge, and experience that is lost due to natural causes of death in general, and aging, in particular. 
A person's lifetime of learning and experience is a lot more than you could put into a single book. 
You would think that it would be of some interest to try to find out more about this given that the stakes are so big, but it's a very neglected area. 
The only thing you should focus on would be to reduce existential risk because even the tiniest decrease in existential risk would just overwhelm any other benefit you could hope to achieve. 
And if we think about this, I think it's very clear that there are ways in which we could change things, not just by eliminating negatives, but adding positives. 
If we want to achieve this, what, in the world, would have to change? 
And they also all seem a little bit -- most people have this instinct that, well, sure, there needs to be anti-depressants for the really depressed people. 
It's possible to assume, setting aside a possibility of catastrophe, that sooner or later we will develop all of these. 
So let's look at some of the dimensions of human nature that seem to leave room for improvement. 
Intellectual capacity -- let's take that box, which falls into a lot of different sub-categories: memory, concentration, mental energy, intelligence, empathy. 
Now, the human mind is not a single unitary information processor, but it has a lot of different, special, evolved modules that do specific things for us. 
We're just lucky that we have the requisite neural machinery to process music and to appreciate it and enjoy it. 
But maybe they have another faculty, something else that would seem equally irrational to us, but they actually tap into some great possible value there. 
So we could think of adding on different, new sensory capacities and mental faculties. 
Be able to switch between relaxation and activity -- being able to go slow when you need to do that, and to speed up. 
Able to switch back and forth more easily would be a neat thing to be able to do -- easier to achieve the flow state, when you're totally immersed in something you are doing. 
And then you can imagine some enhancements of human capacities. 
So then, you move off to this larger sphere of "human +," and you could continue that process and eventually explore a lot of this larger space of possible modes of being. 
We have no reason to believe that within this much, much larger space there would not also be extremely worthwhile modes of being, perhaps ones that would be way beyond our wildest ability even to imagine or dream about. 
 This is small and lightweight. 
I mean, honestly, I'd be happy enough if I could actually get my two dimensions correct in school. 
 I'm really happy that Mr. Anderson invited me. 
What I do first is, I make a lot of little musical ideas you can just improvise here at the piano -- and I choose one of those to become my main theme, my main melody, like the Abegg that you just heard. 
And I'd like someone to come up here and choose five -- anyone to come up here and choose five -- and then I can make it into some sort of melody, and I'll improvise it. 
And, especially if you regard these two as deep truths to live by and to inform your life decisions, then they seem a little bit to conflict with each other. 
All you've got to do is go a few hundred miles in that same direction and look back, and you won't see any walls or chemical scum at all -- all you see is a blue planet. And if you go further than that, you'll see the Sun, the solar system and the stars and so on, but that's still not typical of the universe, because stars come in galaxies. 
And so, what does that look like -- "typical?" 
What does a "typical" place in the universe look like? 
Well, what does that mean? Well, look out even further than we've just been -- I mean from here, with a telescope -- and you'll see things that look like stars, they're called quasars. "Quasars" originally meant "quasi-stellar object," which means "things that look a bit like stars."  And we know what they are. Billions of years ago and billions of light-years away, the material at the center of a galaxy collapsed 
Language breaks down when trying to describe what it would be like in one of those jets. 
It would be a bit like experiencing a supernova explosion, but at point-blank range and for millions of years at a time.  And yet, that jet happened in precisely such a way that billions of years later, on the other side of the universe, some bit of chemical scum could accurately describe and model and predict and explain, above all -- there's your reference -- what was happening there, in reality. 
Now actually, that's just another parochial misconception.  Because imagine a cube out there in intergalactic space, the same size as our home, the solar system. Now that cube is very empty by human standards, but that still means that it contains over a million tons of matter. 
If intergalactic space is capable of creating an open-ended stream of explanations, so is the Earth. So is a polluted Earth. 
I think he's going to talk about that later in the conference. 
Now, the lesson of that seems clear to me, and I don't know why it isn't informing public debate. 
 If medical science stopped seeking cures and concentrated on prevention only, then it would achieve very little of either. 
Now, TED sends you a lot of spam if you're a speaker about "do this, do that" and you fill out all these forms, and you don't actually know how they're going to describe you, and it flashed across my desk that they were going to introduce me as a futurist. 
And I've always been nervous about the term "futurist," because you seem doomed to failure because you can't really predict it. 
And I was laughing about this with the very smart colleagues I have, and said, "You know, well, if I have to talk about the future, what is it?" 
This is headed by Drew Endy and Tom Knight and a few other very, very bright individuals. 
Literally, think of proteins as subroutines that you can string together to execute a program. 
Took me six years at MIT, and about that many pages to describe what I was doing, and it took him one page. And so this is our muse Tucker. 
In theory, if you program those sufficiently, you should be able to do something pretty interesting and make a very complex structure. 
In this case, he's done self-replication of a complex 3D structure. 
And that has feature sizes down to about 20 nanometers, and it's a complex 3D structure. 
Can we get complex 3D structure automatically assembling in inorganic systems? 
Now, if I make a string of these, a bit string, they will be able to replicate. 
He did a lot of this work in the '60s, and so a lot of this logic theory lay fallow as we went down the digital computer revolution, but it's now coming back. 
Well, it turns out biology has this other very interesting meme, that you can take a linear string, which is a convenient thing to copy, and you can fold that into an arbitrarily complex 3D structure. 
And that way you can scale things much smaller than microchips. 
Having totally absorbed this philosophy, I started looking at a lot of problems a little differently. 
So, this actually applied to the problem of -- so there's a half a billion to a billion people in the world don't have access to cheap eyeglasses. 
So literally, you think about a rope. It has very complex structure in the weave. 
Under a different load, it's a different structure. And you can actually exploit that by putting in a very small number of conducting fibers to actually make it a sensor. 
And a lot of talks here have espoused the benefits of having lots of people look at problems, share the information and work on those things together. 
And I think this applies across a very broad -- sort of, a lot of concepts. 
And it concludes in something that you see here, that you actually wouldn't expect as being the result of rationality. 
They can be pushed off-center a little bit, but in the end you actually still get as much of that original spectrum as you originally had hoped. 
The second premise -- and this was something that was very difficult for us to convince the librarians of at first -- is that libraries, since the inception of Carnegie Library tradition in America, had a second responsibility, and that was for social roles. 
Ok, now, this I'll come back to later, but something -- actually, the librarians at first said, "No, this isn't our mandate. 
And what we saw were buildings that were very generic, and worse -- not only were they very generic -- so, not only does the reading room look like the copy room look like the magazine area -- but it meant that whatever issue was troubling the library at that moment was starting to engulf every other activity that was happening in it. 
To give you some sense of the power of this idea, the biggest block is what we call the book spiral. 
There are plenty of shopping malls that allow you to get out of the rain in downtown Seattle, but there are not so many free places that allow you to get out of the rain. 
This is actually the place that we put into the building so I could propose to my wife, right there. 
It allows you to, on one city block, go up one full floor, so that it's on a continuum. 
So it was a very daunting task for us to do a brand-new building that could be a pristine building, but keep this kind of experimental nature. 
So in fact, using operational budget, we can -- sorry, capital cost -- we can actually achieve what was no longer achievable in operational cost. 
We actually had to operate on three discrete sites, all of them well smaller than the size of the building. 
There's one from a consumer's point of view -- where I was happy while experiencing design. 
Now, there is the other part, from a designer's standpoint -- if you're happy while actually doing it. 
And one way to see how happy designers are when they're designing could be to look at the authors' photos on the back of their monographs? 
Or they had this apple by Yoko Ono -- that, of course, later on was, you know, made into the label for The Beatles. 
A happy dog -- and you take it out, it's an aggressive dog. 
It's a happy David Byrne and an angry David Byrne. 
Or a jazz poster with a happy face and a more aggressive face. 
You know, that's not a big deal to accomplish. 
And he took it upon himself to print 55,000 speech bubbles -- empty speech bubbles stickers, large ones and small ones. 
And he goes around New York and just puts them, empty as they are, on posters. 
 This one says, "Please let me die in peace." 
This was a simple sign error, because it's cheaper to save fuel than to buy fuel, as is well known to companies that do it all the time -- for example, Dupont, SD micro electronics. 
This thesis is set out in a book called "Winning the Oil Endgame" that four colleagues and I wrote and have posted for free at Oilendgame.com -- about 170,000 downloads so far. 
Now, a bit of economic history, I think, may be helpful here. 
But in the nine years before Drake struck oil, in 1859, thanks to fatal competitors, chiefly oil and gas made from coal, to which the whalers had not been paying attention. 
 And it's funny -- it feels a bit like this now for oil. 
In the process, we will gain about a million good jobs, mainly rural. 
And protect another million jobs now at risk, mainly in auto-making. 
This muscle car from Toyota: 408 horsepower in an ultra-light that does zero to 60 in well under four seconds, and still gets 32 miles a gallon. I'll say more later about this. 
But it's even a better deal for heavy trucks, where you save a similar amount at 25 cents a gallon, with better aerodynamics and tires and engines, and so on, and taking out weight so you can put it into payload. 
And we intend to use those numbers to create demand pull, and flip the market. 
For example, we use a lot of carbon-fiber composites in sporting goods. 
We figured out a kind of a digital inkjet printer for this very stiff, strong, carbon-composite material, and then ways to thermoform it, because it's a combination of carbon and nylon, into whatever complex shapes you want, like the one just shown at the auto show by one of the tier-one suppliers. 
Each one is formed by one fairly cheap die set, instead of four expensive ones for stamping steel. 
The plant also gets smaller. 
Now, when you go through a similar analysis for every way we use oil, including buildings, industry, feedstocks and so on, you find that of the 28 million barrels a day the government says we will need in 2025, well, about eight of that can be removed by efficiency by then, with another seven still being saved as the vehicle stocks turn over, at an average cost of only 12 bucks a barrel, 
We could, of course, buy more efficiency. 
Maybe you ought to buy efficiency at 26 bucks instead of 12. 
For example, fee-bates, a combination of a fee and a rebate in any size class of vehicle you want, can increase the price of inefficient vehicles and correspondingly pay you a rebate for efficient vehicles. 
I'd like to deal with the lack of affordable personal mobility in this country by making it very cheaply possible for low-income families to get efficient, reliable, warranted new cars that they could otherwise never get. 
Governments buy hundreds of thousands of cars a year. 
There are smart ways to buy them and to aggregate that purchasing power to bring very efficient vehicles into the market faster. 
Then the legacy airlines can't afford to buy the efficient new planes they desperately need to cut their fuel bills, but if you felt philosophically you wanted to do anything about that, there are ways to finance it. 
And at the same time to scrap inefficient old planes, so that if they were otherwise to come back in the air, they would waste more oil, and block the uptake of efficient, new planes. 
Then we need to retool the car industry and do retraining, and shift the convergence of the energy and ag-value chains to shift faster from hydrocarbons to carbohydrates, and get out of our own way in other ways. 
And the one thing I'd like to point out here is that we've done this before. 
Ours is on the demand side. 
Please download your copy, and thank you very much. 
If you're here today -- and I'm very happy that you are -- you've all heard about how sustainable development will save us from ourselves. 
When she came into my life, we were fighting against a huge waste facility planned for the East River waterfront despite the fact that our small part of New York City already handled more than 40 percent of the entire city's commercial waste: a sewage treatment pelletizing plant, a sewage sludge plant, four power plants, the world's largest food-distribution center, as well as other industries that bring more than 60,000 diesel truck trips to the area each week. 
So when I was contacted by the Parks Department about a $10,000 seed-grant initiative to help develop waterfront projects, I thought they were really well-meaning, but a bit naive. 
These land-use decisions created the hostile conditions that lead to problems like obesity, diabetes and asthma. 
But the things we have in common set me apart from most of the people in my community, and I am in between these two worlds with enough of my heart to fight for justice in the other. 
That small park I told you about earlier was the first stage of building a Greenway movement in the South Bronx. 
It's better to ask for forgiveness than permission. 
We are more than simply national symbols of urban blight or problems to be solved by empty campaign promises of presidents come and gone. 
Now listen, I do not expect individuals, corporations or government to make the world a better place because it is right or moral. 
But -- I know it's the bottom line, or one's perception of it, that motivates people in the end. 
Developments that have the potential to create positive returns for all concerned: the developers, government and the community where these projects go up. 
A parade of government subsidies is going to propose big-box and stadium developments in the South Bronx, but there is scant coordination between city agencies on how to deal with the cumulative effects of increased traffic, pollution, solid waste and the impacts on open space. 
There's enough precedent out there to show that a sustainable, community-friendly development can still make a fortune. 
Help me fight for environmental and economic justice. 
Please don't waste me. By working together, we can become one of those small, rapidly-growing groups of individuals who actually have the audacity and courage to believe that we actually can change the world. 
To explain the wish, I'm going to have to take you somewhere where many people haven't been, and that's around the world. 
Two years later we started doing a project on developing mobile health clinics in sub-Saharan Africa, responding to the HIV/AIDS pandemic. 
But I live in Bozeman, Montana -- go up to the north plains on the reservations, or go down to Alabama or Mississippi, pre-Katrina, and I could have shown you places that have far worse conditions than many developing countries that I've been to. 
What it showed me is that there's a grassroots movement going on, of socially responsible designers who really believe that this world has got a lot smaller, and that we have the opportunity -- not the responsibility, but the opportunity -- to really get involved in making change. 
And a whole variety of ideas that not only dealt with architectural building, but also the issues of governance, and the idea of creating communities through complex networks. 
And so we came up with the bright idea that instead of getting people to walk 10, 15 kilometers to see doctors, you get the doctors to the people. 
And we started engaging the medical community, and you know, we thought we were real bright sparks -- "We've come up with this great idea: mobile health clinics, widely distributed throughout sub-Saharan Africa." 
Cameron Sinclair: I'm going to show that later because I'm running out of time. 
This was a matchmaking, thanks to a couple of TEDsters -- Sun [Microsystems], Cheryl Heller and Andrew Zolli, who connected me with this amazing African woman. 
So when you come to TEDGlobal, you can check it out. 
But what we're known probably most for is dealing with disasters and development, and we've been involved in a lot of issues, such as the tsunami and also things like Hurricane Katrina. 
The reason that's important is I don't want to wait for the next Katrina to find out if my house works. 
So it's going to take a lot of computing power, because I want the idea that any laptop anywhere in the world can plug into the system and be able to not only participate in developing these designs, but utilize the designs. Also, a process of reviewing the designs. 
I want every Arup engineer in the world to check and make sure that we're doing stuff that's standing, because those guys are the best in the world. 
My mom once said, "There's nothing worse than being all mouth and no trousers." 
So for me, it's important that we create a real conduit for innovation, and that it's free innovation. 
Think of free culture -- this is free innovation. 
I've met a lot of different people over the years, and I've filmed some of them, from a dotcom executive in New York who wanted to take over the world, to a military press officer in Qatar, who would rather not take over the world. 
I really think as the world is getting smaller, it becomes more and more important that we learn each other's dance moves, that we meet each other, we get to know each other, we are able to figure out a way to cross borders, to understand each other, to understand people's hopes and dreams, what makes them laugh and cry. 
And I know that we can't all do exchange programs, and I can't force everybody to travel; I've already talked about that to Chris and Amy, and they said that there's a problem with this: You can't force people, free will. 
I was asked that I speak a little bit about where I personally come from, and Cameron, I don't know how you managed to get out of that one, but I think that building bridges is important to me because of where I come from. 
I took pictures of weddings and older family members -- things that they wanted memories of. 
very angry that I was showing these dirty sides of Cairo, and why didn't I cut the dead donkey out of the frame? 
I looked at this big empty wall with three lonely photographs that were, you know, very pretty photographs and I was like, "I failed at this." 
And when I went there and sat there, and met these people that were in the center of it, and sat with these characters, I met some surprising, very complex people. 
It made me sick at my stomach. 
We didn't know whether it would be able to get out there. 
We were incredibly lucky that it got picked up. 
In the Arab world -- and it's not really by the film, it's by the characters -- I mean, Josh Rushing was this incredibly complex person who was thinking about things. 
This woman came up to me after the screening and said, "You know, I know this is crazy. I saw the bombs being loaded on the planes, I saw the military going out to war, but you don't understand people's anger towards us until you see the people in the hospitals and the victims of the war, and how do we get out of this bubble? 
[When we passed by the first jeep ...] [they opened fire on us.] [And my 12-year-old daughter Christine] [was killed in the shooting.] [Bereaved Families Forum, Jerusalem] [Tzvika: I'm the headmaster for all parts.] [George: But there is a teacher that is in charge?] [Tzvika: Yes, I have assistants.] [I deal with children all the time.] [One year after their daughters' deaths both Tzvika and George join the forum] [George: At first, I thought it was a strange idea.] 
[But after thinking logically about it, ] [and let them know of our suffering.] [Tzvika: There were many things that touched me.] [We see that there are Palestinians who suffered a lot, who lost children,] [and still believe in the peace process and in reconciliation.] [If we who lost what is most precious can talk to each other,] [and look forward to a better future,] [then everyone else must do so, too.] 
It's about those children who took to the streets -- fighting, screaming, "Free Nelson Mandela!" 
I'd like for us to imagine for a second. 
So if you imagine this day when all around the world, you have theaters and places where we project films. 
There isn't an organization which is connecting the independent voices of the world to get out there, and yet I'm hearing throughout this conference that the biggest challenge in our future is understanding the other, and having mutual respect for the other and crossing borders. 
There are people that want to be a part of this global day of film; to be able to provide a platform for independent voices and independent films to get out there. 
And if you just imagine that all of these people in these towns would be watching, then I think that we can actually really make a movement towards people understanding each other better. 
And thinking that, can an individual actually do something, or come up with something, that may actually get some traction out there and make a difference? 
We have this Great North. And there was a pretty small population, and my father was an avid outdoorsman. 
And I kept being sucked into this genre of the calendar picture, or something of that nature, and I couldn't get away from it. 
So I started to think of, how can I rethink the landscape? 
I had a bit of an epiphany being lost in Pennsylvania, and I took a left turn trying to get back to the highway. 
And it also became the theme that I felt that I could hold onto, and not have to re-invent myself -- that this theme was large enough to become a life's work, and just research and find out where these industries are. 
And through my photographs, I'm hoping to be able to engage the audiences of my work, and to come up to it and not immediately be rejected by the image. 
And we all look forward to those things. 
This is a need for power, and they're willing to go through this massive transformation, on this scale, to get that power. 
And again, it's actually a relief for what's going on in China because I think on the table right now, there's 27 nuclear power stations to be built. 
And one of the other things that happened in the Three Gorges -- a lot of the agricultural land that you see there on the left was also lost; some of the most fertile agricultural land was lost in that. 
And again, the rebuilding of the city -- to me, it was sad to see that they didn't really grab a lot of, I guess, what we know here, in terms of urban planning. 
And again, when you start seeing that kind of embrace, and you start looking at them leading their rural lifestyle with a very, very small footprint and moving into an urban lifestyle with a much higher footprint, it starts to become very sobering. 
And so they're holding off until they get a deal with them. 
So they'll put 20 or 40 up at a time, and they just go up in the same way as a single-family dwelling would go up here in an area. And the density is quite incredible. 
And one of the things in this picture that I wanted to point out is that when I saw these kinds of buildings, I was shocked to see that they're not using a central air-conditioning system; every window has an air conditioner in it. 
And I'm sure there are people here who probably know better than I do about efficiencies, but I can't imagine that every apartment having its own air conditioner is a very efficient way to cool a building on this scale. 
So they're building very large blast furnaces to try to deal with the demand for steel in China. 
I think one of the issues that we here are facing with China, is that they're using a lot of the latest production technology. 
And I asked the manager to point out five of your fastest producers, and then I went and looked at each one of them for about 15 or 20 minutes, and picked this one woman. 
I had to use a very small aperture to get the depth of field. 
And that's a diptych. I do a lot of pairings to try and get the sense of scale in these places. 
It was such a high labor component to it that it made a lot of sense to go after that labor market. 
So a lot of the recycled materials that are collected here are being recycled and taken to China by ships. 
And it is a bit of a problem. The way they recycle the boards is that they actually use the coal briquettes, which are used all through China, but they heat up the boards, and with pairs of pliers they pull off all the components. 
And it isn't something that isn't just affecting our world, but it starts to go up -- because I think we can start correcting our footprint and bring it down -- but there's a growing footprint and so I don't think we can equalize it. So ultimately the strategy, I think, here is that we have to be very concerned about their evolution, because it is going to be connected to our evolution as well. 
And what we ended up discussing was that in most media you get mostly an image with a lot of text, and the text is blasted all over. 
And so in this case, because it's about a lot of these images and what they represent, and the kinds of questions they bring up, that we thought letting the images play out and bring someone to say, "Well, what's Worldchanging.com, with these images, have to do?" 
And I also thought there should be a nice prize for the best artwork for "In My World." And what would happen -- it's a scalable thing. And if we can get people to put in things -- whether it's equipment, like a media lab, or money to make the prize significant enough -- and to open it up to all the schools that are public schools, or schools that are with kids that age, 
and make it a wide-open competition for them to go after those prizes and to submit them. 
And these are some of the ideas in terms of where we could possibly put in some promotion for "In My World." 
About half of them, 600,000, have permanent damage to their heart that will cause them to have very bad problems later on. 
And if we had a computer put into the body of a person who's at risk, we could know, before they even have symptoms, that they're having a heart attack, to save their life. 
Then we tried it with my son, Dr. Tim Fischell, we tried it on some human patients who had to have a stent put in. 
Well, he kept the balloon filled to block the artery, to simulate a blockage, which is what a heart attack is. 
And then he did it again. We filled the balloon again a few minutes later and here you see, even after 10 seconds, a great rise in this piece, which we can have computers inside, under your chest like a pacemaker, with a wire into your heart like a pacemaker. 
What does the system look like? 
We said, so we'll put in a stent, but we're not going to put in a stent that we'd put in people. 
That's not very nice, but, after all, we had to find out what the answer is. 
So we took two copper stents and we put it in the artery of this pig, and let me show you the result that's very gratifying as far as people who have heart disease are concerned. 
Then, on Friday at 6:43, he began to get certain signs, which later we had the pig run around -- I'm not going to go into this early stage. 
Then, ventricular fibrillation, the heart quivers instead of beats -- this is just before death of the pig -- and then the pig died; it went flat-line. 
They finally see you. It takes more time to get your electrocardiogram on your skin and diagnose it, and it's hard to do because they don't have the baseline data, which the computer we put in you gets. 
At first I didn't think migraine headaches were a big problem because I'd never had a migraine headache, but then I spoke to some people who have three or four every week of their life, and their lives are being totally ruined by it. 
Eyewitness news reporter Stacy Sager tonight, with a small and portable machine that literally zaps your migraines away. 
Here we have our device in which we put in a frame. 
And then with four screws, we put in a frame, then we snap in the device and we run with wires -- the one shown in green will go to the surface of the brain with electrodes, to the epileptic focus, the origin of the epilepsy, where we can sense the electrical signal and have computer analysis that tells us when to hit it with some electrical current to prevent the clinical manifestation of the seizure. 
Then we're going to challenge the TED attendees to come up with a way to improve health care in the USA, where we have problems that Africa doesn't have. 
I think she said it looks like a gun. A lot of people don't like guns. 
That would save hundreds of millions of dollars in legal costs in the United States and would decrease the cost of medicine for everyone. 
I got to see the last case of killer smallpox in the world. 
There's nothing that makes you feel more -- the blessing and the honor of working in a program like that -- So I'm going to tell you --  so I'm going to show you some dirty pictures. 
And he made an outrageous prediction that smallpox would be eradicated, and that this was God's gift to humanity, because of the hard work of dedicated scientists. 
And that prediction came true. This little girl is Rahima Banu, and she was the last case of killer smallpox in the world. 
And this document is the certificate that the global commission signed, certifying the world to have eradicated the first disease in history. 
The key to eradicating smallpox was early detection, early response. 
Larry Brilliant: Smallpox was the worst disease in history. 
In the year that Larry Page and Sergey Brin -- with whom I have a certain affection and a new affiliation -- in the year in which they were born, two million people died of smallpox. 
We declared smallpox eradicated in 1980. 
This is the most important slide that I've ever seen in public health, [Sovereigns killed by smallpox] because it shows you to be the richest and the strongest, and to be kings and queens of the world, did not protect you from dying of smallpox. 
But to see smallpox from the perspective of a sovereign is the wrong perspective. 
You should see it from the perspective of a mother, watching her child develop this disease and standing by helplessly. Day one, day two, day three, day four, day five, day six. 
Day seven, they show the classic scars of smallpox umbilication. 
But this was in 1974, and as of that moment, this photograph was the photograph that was the most widely printed, because we printed two billion copies of this photograph, and we took them hand to hand, door to door, to show people and ask them if there was smallpox in their house, because that was our surveillance system. 
By day nine -- you look at this picture and you're horrified; I look at this picture and I say, "Thank God," because it's clear that this is only an ordinary case of smallpox, and I know this child will live. 
There are other kinds of smallpox that are not like that. 
This is confluent smallpox, in which there isn't a single place on the body where you could put a finger and not be covered by lesions. 
Flat smallpox, which killed 100 percent of people who got it. 
And hemorrhagic smallpox, the most cruel of all, which had a predilection for pregnant women. 
I've probably had 50 women die. They all had hemorrhagic smallpox. 
In that year, there were 34 countries affected with smallpox. 
But in that year, smallpox exploded throughout India. 
And India was the place where smallpox made its last stand. 
It wasn't just India that had smallpox deities; smallpox deities were prevalent all over the world. 
You had to find every single case of smallpox in the world at the same time, and draw a circle of immunity around it. 
Every time we did a house-to-house search, we had a spike in the number of reports of smallpox. 
So we searched and we searched, and we found every case of smallpox in India. 
We had a reward. We raised the reward. We continued to increase the reward. 
And in 1980, we declared the globe free of smallpox. 
But smallpox was the fourth disease that was intended for eradication. 
That will make it the second disease in history. 
Let's get another disease off the list of terrible things to worry about. 
The Seva Foundation was started by a group of alumni of the Smallpox Eradication Programme, who, having climbed the highest mountain, tasted the elixir of the success of eradicating a disease, wanted to do it again. 
And over the last 27 years, Seva's programs in 15 countries have given back sight to more than two million blind people. 
Instead of finding out what we thought was the case -- that blindness was caused mostly by glaucoma and trachoma -- we were astounded to find out that blindness was caused instead by cataract. 
This year, that one hospital will give back sight to more than 300,000 people in Tamil Nadu, India. 
Would you get in an airplane with 250 people you didn't know, coughing and sneezing, when you knew that some of them might carry a disease that could kill you, for which you had no antivirals or vaccine? 
But much worse than that, 90 percent said they thought there'd be a pandemic within your children or your grandchildren's lifetime. 
There would be a global recession and depression as our just-in-time inventory system and the tight rubber band of globalization broke, and the cost to our economy of one to three trillion dollars would be far worse for everyone than merely 100 million people dying, because so many more people would lose their job and their healthcare benefits, that the consequences are almost unthinkable. 
Then there'll be secondary outbreaks, and the disease will spread from country to country so fast that you won't know what hit you. 
Now, if we had an "undo" button, and we could go back and isolate it and grab it when it first started -- if we could find it early, and we had early detection and early response, and we could put each one of those viruses in jail -- that's the only way to deal with something like a pandemic. 
And what I thought I would call it is "Early Detection," But it should really be called ... "Total Early Detection." [TED]   But in all seriousness, because this idea is birthed in TED, I would like it to be a legacy of TED, and I'd like to call it the "International System for Total Early Disease Detection." [INSTEDD] And INSTEDD then becomes our mantra. 
Let's start with GPHIN. Let's increase the websites that they crawl from 20,000 to 20 million. 
Let's increase the languages they crawl from seven to 70, or more. 
Let's build in outbound confirmation messages, using text messages or SMS or instant messaging to find out from people who are within 100 meters of the rumor that you hear, if it is, in fact, valid. 
other catastrophes, and change the world, beginning right now. 
Then a number of years went by, and there were a lot of rumors about bird flu. 
Ron and his team in Ottawa began to crawl the web -- only crawling 20,000 different websites, mostly periodicals -- and they read about and heard about a concern, of a lot of children who had high fever and symptoms of bird flu. 
You can, it turns out, be in two places at once. 
I'll explain at another time. 
From the ease with which you swept away obstacles that no one knew could even be budged. 
First, though, I should probably explain why, and how, I got to this place. 
And it was a funny kind of sick feeling, but I turned him down. 
Six-and-a-half thousand Africans dying every single day from AIDS -- a preventable, treatable disease -- for lack of drugs we can get in any pharmacy. 
Today, every day, 9,000 more Africans will catch HIV because of stigmatization and lack of education. 
The next thing I'd like to be clear about is what this problem is, and what this problem isn't. 
Does stuff have to look like an action movie these days to exist in the front of our brain? 
And that might be smart in these nervous, dangerous times. 
The fact is that ours is the first generation that can look disease and extreme poverty in the eye, look across the ocean to Africa, and say this, and mean it: we do not have to stand for this. 
Last year at DATA, this organization I helped set up, we launched a campaign to summon this spirit in the fight against AIDS and extreme poverty. 
They made some really great promises, and actually have fulfilled a lot of them. 
A lot of people are getting together, and working under this umbrella I told you about earlier, the ONE Campaign. 
Please join us by working together. 
Please visit ONE at this address. 
It was just nine years later that Addis Ababa was connected by phone to Harare, which is 500 kilometers away. 
"Defining moment in American history, I don't think there's one; you can't say Hiroshima, that's a big one -- I can't think of any one moment I would say is a defining moment. 
And I'm doing her because I think we think of risk, at a conference like this, as a good thing. 
He went in to check on her for school, and he got very excited. 
He said, he said, he said, 'We can't, we can't let nobody find out about this.' He say, 'You've got to help me.' I agree. I agree. 
Everybody knows that the Los Angeles riots happened because four cops beat up a black man named Rodney King. 
And what a lot of people forget, is there was a second trial, ordered by George Bush, Sr. 
And I mean, the people just danced in the streets because they were afraid there was going to be another riot. 
They have a lot of respect, as I do, for Dr. Martin King. 
They became so hilarious, but I was happy for them. 
He's a Republican -- I won't say anything about my party affiliation, but anyway -- so this is my dear, dear Brent Williams, and this is on toughness, in case anybody needs to know about being tough for the work that you do. I think there's a real lesson in this. 
You're not even going to be able to answer her questions.'  And she was saying you're going to make me look like an idiot because I've never been to college, and I wouldn't be talking professional or anything. 
I mean, I can't even imagine what it's going to be like the last day I rodeo. I mean, I'll be alright. 
If you haven't ordered yet, I generally find the rigatoni with the spicy tomato sauce goes best with diseases of the small intestine. 
And so, in fact, they concocted a couple of early, you know, founding public-health interventions in the system of the city, one of which was called the "Nuisances Act," which they got everybody as far as they could to empty out their cesspools and just pour all that waste into the river. 
And part of -- what's so interesting about this story to me is that in some ways, it's a great case study in how cultural change happens, how a good idea eventually comes to win out over much worse ideas. 
It's in the middle of Soho, in this working class neighborhood, this little girl becomes sick and it turns out that the cesspool, that they still continue to have, despite the Nuisances Act, bordered on an extremely popular water pump, local watering hole that was well known for the best water in all of Soho, that all the residents from Soho and the surrounding neighborhoods would go to. 
And I must say, before I go on, I should ask every one of you to try and get out pen and paper because I'm actually going to ask you to help me to look at how we do that. 
So get out your pen and paper. 
Bottom line is, there is a lot of problems out there in the world. 
In an ideal world, we would solve them all, but we don't. 
And of course, I'm very happy you asked that question --  -- because that's a very good question. 
This offends a lot of people, and that's probably one of the things where people will say I shouldn't come back, either. 
The reason why they came up with saying that Kyoto -- or doing something more than Kyoto -- is a bad deal is simply because it's very inefficient. 
So the idea here really is to say, well, we've spent a lot of money doing a little good. 
It would do a lot of good, but it's also very, very costly. 
If you look at the good projects, a lot of sanitation and water projects came in. 
Again, sanitation and water is incredibly important, but it also costs a lot of infrastructure. 
So I'd like to show you the top four priorities which should be at least the first ones that we deal with when we talk about how we should deal with the problems in the world. 
We would significantly increase their ability to deal with many of the other problems that they have to deal with -- of course, in the long run, also to deal with global warming. 
This third best one was free trade. 
Basically, the model showed that if we could get free trade, and especially cut subsidies in the U.S. and Europe, we could basically enliven the global economy to an astounding number of about 2,400 billion dollars a year, half of which would accrue to the Third World. 
Not just malnutrition in general, but there's a very cheap way of dealing with malnutrition, namely, the lack of micronutrients. 
Again, what this does and what it focuses on is saying there are two very different ways that we can deal with HIV/AIDS. 
So again, what we focus on is prevention rather than treatment, at first rate. 
I find a lot of people find it very, very unlikely that we should do that. 
The ones where we can do a lot of good rather than a little good. 
And so the real point, of course, is to say, do we want to spend a lot of money helping a little, 100 years from now, a fairly rich Dutch guy? 
Or as Schelling put it, imagine if you were a rich -- as you will be -- a rich Chinese, a rich Bolivian, a rich Congolese, in 2100, thinking back on 2005, and saying, "How odd that they cared so much about helping me a little bit through climate change, and cared so fairly little about helping my grandfather and my great grandfather, whom they could have helped so much more, 
Of course, that's mainly because climate change has good pictures. 
It's a good film in the sense that I certainly want to see it, right, but don't expect Emmerich to cast Brad Pitt in his next movie digging latrines in Tanzania or something.  It just doesn't make for as much of a movie. 
So in many ways, I think of the Copenhagen Consensus and the whole discussion of priorities as a defense for boring problems. 
Of course, we should do all things, in an ideal world -- I would certainly agree. 
So it doesn't look like we're actually on the path of suddenly solving all big problems. 
They had all the same material but they could go vastly outside the scope of discussion, and they certainly did, to come up with their own lists. 
Of course, in an ideal world, again we'd love to do everything. 
And they were just made in a community of bikers, mainly in Northern California. 
That's now possible; you don't need an organization to be organized, to achieve large and complex tasks, like innovating new software programs. 
Well, one issue is that radical innovation, when you've got ideas that affect a large number of technologies or people, have a great deal of uncertainty attached to them. 
You're obviously keen to go up the corporate ladder. 
Do you go into your board and say, "Look, I've got a fantastic idea for an embryonic product in a marginal market, with consumers we've never dealt with before, and I'm not sure it's going to have a big payoff, but it could be really, really big in the future?" 
Largely through globalization, a lot of this equipment has got a lot cheaper. 
They don't feel as if they're doing something that really matters to them, so they pick up these kinds of activities. 
Well, just imagine a world, for the moment, divided into two camps. 
Over here, let's imagine we've got Wikipedia, Linux, and beyond -- open source. 
The first is: imagine yourself going to a venture capitalist and saying, "I've got a fantastic idea. 
I was in Shanghai, in an office block built on what was a rice paddy five years ago -- they've built in Shanghai in the last 10 years. 
But actually, a lot of the content is created by the users themselves. 
So here is one of the challenges, I think, for people like me, who do a lot of work with government. 
I talked with over 200 women. I talked to older women, younger women, married women, lesbians, single women. 
OK, at first women were a little shy, a little reluctant to talk. 
And the third principle of happiness, which I've realized recently: Eight years ago, this momentum and this energy, this "V-wave" started -- and I can only describe it as a "V-wave" because, to be honest, I really don't understand it completely; I feel at the service of it. 
And at first I thought, "Oh great, I'll hear about wonderful orgasms, and great sex lives, and how women love their vaginas." 
A "vagina warrior" is a woman, or a vagina-friendly man, who has witnessed incredible violence or suffered it, and rather than getting an AK-47 or a weapon of mass destruction or a machete, they hold the violence in their bodies; they grieve it; they experience it; and then they go out and devote their lives to making sure it doesn't happen to anybody else. 
And everyone was supposed to be happy in that community, and, in fact, my life was hell. I lived with an alcoholic father who beat me and molested me, and it was all inside that. 
Chris could be interacting with another part of Lava, while I play around with it here. You can imagine a new kind of sculpting tool, where I'm kind of warming something up, making it malleable, and then letting it cool down and solidifying in a certain state. 
I can create big things out here, but I can go back and really quickly go back to where I started, and make even smaller things here. 
As you can see, I can use the same two-fingered gestures to go down and go in really seamlessly. There's no interface, again. 
It's just so much fun playing around with it, too.  And so the last thing I want to show you is -- I'm sure we can all think of a lot of entertainment apps that you can do with this thing. 
It's kind of a puppeteering thing, where I can use as many fingers as I have to draw and make -- Now, there's a lot of actual math going on under here for this to control this mesh and do the right thing. 
If you think of it, children starting school this year will be retiring in 2065. Nobody has a clue, despite all the expertise that's been on parade for the past four days, what the world will look like in five years' time. 
They come in bearing gifts, gold, frankincense and myrrh. 
What we do know is, if you're not prepared to be wrong, you'll never come up with anything original -- if you're not prepared to be wrong. 
So you can imagine what a seamless transition that was. 
You don't think of Shakespeare having a father, do you? 
Do you? Because you don't think of Shakespeare being a child, do you? 
If you think of it, the whole system of public education around the world is a protracted process of university entrance. 
In the next 30 years, according to UNESCO, more people worldwide will be graduating through education than since the beginning of history. 
In the end, the doctor went and sat next to Gillian, and said, "I've listened to all these things your mother's told me, I need to speak to her privately. 
It's one of the challenges in our profession to try and explain what we do. 
 Well, her colleague suddenly got much more interested than I had any right to expect and went on and said, "What does he model?" 
Can you imagine tossing a coin successively? 
So, on this side, you get out your coins, and you toss and toss and toss. 
So what you want to do is compare the average number of tosses until we first see head-tail-head with the average number of tosses until we first see head-tail-tail. 
So imagine -- let's suppose we're doing it. 
Another way of thinking about it -- if we tossed a coin eight million times, then we'd expect a million head-tail-heads and a million head-tail-tails -- but the head-tail-heads could occur in clumps. 
And we'll hear some talks later in the conference specifically about that. 
The most pressing one is that we want to understand how some differences make some people susceptible to one disease -- type-2 diabetes, for example -- and other differences make people more susceptible to heart disease, or stroke, or autism and so on. 
recently funded by the Wellcome Trust in this country, involving very large studies -- thousands of individuals, with each of eight different diseases, common diseases like type-1 and type-2 diabetes, and coronary heart disease, bipolar disease and so on -- to try and understand the genetics. 
And if we can get in at the bottom and understand the genetics, we'll have a window on the way the disease works, and a whole new way about thinking about disease therapies and preventative treatment and so on. 
Here's another quiz for you -- now suppose we've got a test for a disease which isn't infallible, but it's pretty good. 
And I take one of you, or I take someone off the street, and I test them for the disease in question. 
 Well, you're right to be a bit skeptical, because that's not the answer. 
It actually depends on how common or how rare the disease is. 
So let's think about a disease that affects -- it's pretty rare, it affects one person in 10,000. 
And in fact, if this is the prevalence of the disease, about 100 will have the disease and the rest won't. 
One explanation is that the person doesn't have the disease -- that's overwhelmingly likely, if you pick someone at random -- but the test gets it wrong, which is unlikely. 
The other explanation is that the person does have the disease -- that's unlikely -- but the test gets it right, which is likely. 
And initially, it was thought that they died of what's known informally as "cot death," and more formally as "Sudden Infant Death Syndrome." 
For various reasons, she was later charged with murder. 
And just to set it in context, you can imagine how awful it is for someone to have lost one child, and then two, if they're innocent, to be convicted of murdering them. 
He looked at some research, which said the chance of one cot death in a family like Sally Clark's is about one in 8,500. 
So he said, "I'll assume that if you have one cot death in a family, the chance of a second child dying from cot death aren't changed." 
And to argue, then, that the chance of a second death is as if you didn't know that information is really silly. 
It's worse than silly -- it's really bad science. 
It's exactly the same logical error as the logical error of thinking that after the disease test, which is 99 percent accurate, the chance of having the disease is 99 percent. 
And the other one was the chance, a priori, that the person had the disease or not. 
As you've heard from many of the talks, statistics underpins an enormous amount of research in science -- in social science, in medicine and indeed, quite a lot of industry. 
But more and more, in cases of DNA profiling -- this is another one -- we expect juries, who are ordinary people -- and it's documented they're very bad at this -- we expect juries to be able to cope with the sorts of reasoning that goes on. 
We sort of expect it of politicians and don't hope for much more. 
If you're just talking about social structure, OK, clearly that's gotten more complex a little over the last 10,000 years -- has reached higher and higher levels. 
Eventually they get so close, they form multicellular organisms, then you get complex multicellular organisms; they form societies. 
A lot of you have heard the term "memes." The evolution of technology, I pay a lot of attention to, so, you know, one of the first things you got was a little hand axe. 
This may not seem to impress, but technological evolution is progressive, so another 10, 20,000 years, and armaments technology takes you here. 
 I'm sorry -- it was a cheap laugh, but I wanted to find a way to transition back to this idea of the unfolding apocalypse, and I thought that might do it. 
Originally, you had the most complex societies, the hunter-gatherer village. 
With the invention of writing, you start getting cities. This is blurry. I kind of like that because it makes it look like a one-celled organism and reminds you how many levels organic organization has already moved through to get to this point. And then you get to, you know, you get empires. 
A lot of forms of non-zero-sum behavior in the realm of economics and so on in everyday life often leads to cooperation. 
Like, have you ever thought when you buy a car, how many people on how many different continents contributed to the manufacture of that car? Those are people in effect you're playing a non-zero-sum game with. 
Now, this sounds like an intrinsically upbeat worldview in a way, because when you think of non-zero, you think win-win, you know, that's good. Well, there are a few reasons that actually it's not intrinsically upbeat. 
We have this non-zero-sum relationship, and I think that does lead to a kind of a tolerance to the extent that you realize that someone else's welfare is positively correlated with yours -- you're more likely to cut them a break. 
it is non-zero-sum. And by that I mean, if people in the Muslim world get more hateful, more resentful, less happy with their place in the world, it'll be bad for the West. If they get more happy, it'll be good for the West. 
And there's something I worry about especially, which is that this dynamic will lead to a kind of a feedback cycle that puts us on a slippery slope. 
We overreact because being human, we feel like retaliating, and it gets worse and worse and worse. 
So let's call it the death spiral of negativity. 
And that's why I lump growing lethality of hatred and death spiral of negativity under the general rubric, reasons to be cheerful. 
And I think the answer is a lot of different people are going to have to do a lot of different things. 
The reason you're trying to understand why they hate us, is to get them to quit hating us. The idea when you go through this moral exercise of really coming to appreciate their humanity and better understand them, is part of an effort to get them to appreciate your humanity in the long run. 
 But it's not a crazy concern, OK, because understanding behavior can lead to a kind of empathy, and it can make it a little harder to deliver tough love, and so on. 
So I'm not really worried about it. So --  -- I mean, we're going to have to work on a lot of fronts, but if we succeed -- if we succeed -- then once again, non-zero-sumness and the recognition of non-zero-sum dynamics will have forced us to a higher moral level. 
Nothing comes easily. But I have a lot of fun." 
I wasn't good enough; I wasn't smart enough. 
A lot of kids want to be millionaires. 
Or failing that, do the eight things -- and trust me, these are the big eight things that lead to success. 
A lot of people say, "I'm living." No, you're not living -- that's just existing. 
I meet a lot of people who are very smart, and say, "But why can't I figure out my problems?" 
And I meet a lot of people who are very successful, who say, "Why don't I feel more fulfilled? 
As a pastor, I do see a lot of kooks. 
There are secular kooks; there are smart kooks, dumb kooks. 
And it brought in a lot of attention, neither of which I wanted. 
I said, "Oh, you don't?" I said, "Let me make this clear again: Do you believe that as human beings -- I'm not talking about religion -- do you believe that as human beings, it is our responsibility to take care of this planet, and make it just a little bit better for the next generation?" 
Well now, I know a lot of times we act like ducks, but you're not a duck. 
What we believe, obviously -- and you know this -- determines our behavior, and our behavior determines what we become in life. 
I didn't go out and buy a bigger house. 
And I had to admit: I can't think of the last time I thought of widows and orphans. 
I'll do some things you could never imagine possible." 
And that basketball represents your identity, who you are: you're an NBA player. It represents your income: you're making a lot of money off that little ball. 
And I guess that's the main reason I came up here today, to all of you very bright people at TED -- it is to say, "What's in your hand?" 
We also, like a lot of companies, create a product that's based on technology trends. 
It's based on the presumption, the observation even, that all important technologies go through four stages in their life -- at least one of the four stages, sometimes all four of the stages. 
And even if you missed, you know, the first boom of Wi-Fi -- you know, Wi-Fi did the critical price, it did the critical mass, but hasn't done displacement yet, and hasn't done free yet -- there's still more opportunity in that. 
Among the DVD's many assets is that it's very small; you can stick it in the mailer and post it cheaply. 
They're being commodified, and that's what happens when things go to zero. It's a tough market out there. 
You can have regenerative braking; you can have drive-by-wire; you can have replaceable body shapes -- it's a little thing that starts with a hybrid, but it can lead to a whole new era of the car. 
And finally, free. Free is really, really interesting. 
Free is something that comes with digital, because the reproduction costs are essentially free. It comes with IP, because it's such an efficient protocol. It comes with fiber optics, because there's so much bandwidth. 
Free is really, you know, the gift of Silicon Valley to the world. 
And finally, I'll give you one last example of free -- perhaps the most powerful of all. I mentioned fiber optics -- their abundance tends to make things free. 
And the consequence of cheap phone calling, free phone calling, to India, is the pissed-off programmer, is the outsourcing. 
The force of India, and then China, and any other country that can contact our markets and will work with our companies -- because the communications are free -- is just beginning to be felt. 
I seem to spend most of my time these days zipping from city to city, studio to studio, interview to interview, serving up the book in really tiny bite-size chunks. 
But there's a very serious point, and I think that in the headlong dash of daily life, we often lose sight of the damage that this roadrunner form of living does to us. 
This is exactly what I'm looking for to speed up bedtime even more." 
Am I really in such a hurry that I'm prepared to fob off my son with a sound byte at the end of the day?" 
Well -- well, we speed up, don't we? 
And I guess that the question is, is it possible to break free from that mindset? 
And, in this kind of cauldron of moments and places and acts of deceleration, lie what a lot of people now refer to as the "International Slow Movement." 
Now if you'll permit me a small act of hypocrisy, I'll just give you a very quick overview of what's going on inside the Slow Movement. If you think of food, many of you will have heard of the Slow Food movement. 
I think also the explosion of the organic farming movement, and the renaissance of farmers' markets, are other illustrations of the fact that people are desperate to get away from eating and cooking and cultivating their food on an industrial timetable. 
So they might curb traffic, or put in a park bench, or some green space. 
In medicine, I think a lot of people are deeply disillusioned with the kind of quick-fix mentality you find in conventional medicine. 
And blue-chip medical colleges everywhere are starting to study these things to find out how they work, and what we might learn from them. 
And of course, in Italy where -- I mean, Italians always seem to know where to find their pleasure -- they've launched an official Slow Sex movement. 
But they lack spark; they lack the ability to think creatively and think outside -- they don't know how to dream. And so what these Ivy League schools, and Oxford and Cambridge and so on, are starting to send a message to parents and students that they need to put on the brakes a little bit. 
"Slow" is a dirty word in our culture. 
You know, "he's a bit slow." It's actually synonymous with being stupid. 
That's really the main question before us today. Is it possible to slow down? And I'm happy to be able to say to you that the answer is a resounding yes. 
When I'm starting talks like this, I usually do a whole spiel about sustainability because a lot of people out there don't know what that is. 
So, you know, sustainability, small planet. 
So, this is what the planet's going to look like in 20 years. 
And if we cannot figure out a way to deal with that torque, we are going to find ourselves more and more and more quickly facing situations which are simply unthinkable. 
Well, Worldchanging you might think of as being a bit of a news service for the unimaginable future. 
A lot of times, when I do a talk like this, I talk about things that everybody in this room I'm sure has already heard of, but most people haven't. 
So, first of all, what are we looking for? Bright Green city. 
And people who live in cities in the developed world tend to be very prosperous, and thus use a lot of stuff. 
But once you also have people living in close proximity to each other, one of the things you can do is -- as information technologies develop -- you can start to have smart places. 
There's a lot of this stuff happening; it's really pretty remarkable. 
So we have a model in potential, an emerging model that we're looking for of how to take the cities most of us live in, and turn them into Bright Green cities. 
So what do we need in order to make developing nation megacities into Bright Green megacities? 
If there are landlines in many developing world cities, they're usually pretty crappy systems that break down a lot and cost enormous amounts of money. 
When you have free ability for people to freely work together and innovate, you get different kinds of solutions. 
And those things lead to things like this. 
This is a pretty remarkable program using free and open source software, cheap, sort of hacked-together machines, and basically sort of abandoned buildings -- has put together a bunch of community centers where people can come in, get high-speed internet access, learn computer programming skills for free. 
That it's not just that we have to sort of imagine there being a different, vague possibility out there, but we need to start acting a little bit more on that possibility. 
Well, very quickly, you get a Bright Green future for the developing world. 
Here's a design for harvesting rainwater that's super cheap and available to people in the developing world. 
I think that, in fact, that "all of the past is but the beginning of a beginning. 
Now those of you who are lucky enough to live in those societies that represent 17 percent, I think should enjoy it until it lasts. 
Yeah, it was the usual cocktail: a little bit of threats, a little bit of friendly advice, a little bit of financial police, a little bit of text control, so you always have somebody who never leaves your office. 
At that time at the beginning of the '90s, we had that problem, which was, you know, survival below one side, but what was really painful for me was, remember, the beginning of the '90s, Yugoslavia is falling apart. 
So I prepared two plans for that meeting, two strategic plans: the small one and the big one. 
The small one was, I just wanted him to help us get those damn tapes, so we can keep that archive for the next 50 years. 
You know, you find somebody who is respectable and has a lot of money. 
A lot of numbers there. A lot of numbers. 
What is most important is we do it either in form of loans, equities, lease -- whatever is appropriate for, you know, supporting anybody. 
After two years working with us, he becomes the most respected newspaper in that small place. 
Can you please give me your newspaper for the next nine months, because I have elections -- there are elections coming up in nine months. 
Six months later the newspaper was closed. 
So what the governor got was an empty shell. 
All of those, not all, half of those problems mentioned last night -- government accountability, corruption, how do you fight corruption, giving voice to unheard, to poor -- it's why independent media is in business. 
Here is where the problem is, and I'll explain to you as well as I can what the problem is. 
Now imagine that every second person over here is deaf, does not hear, and switch the lights off. 
And I'm happy most of the time, because I think this is the happiest species on the planet. 
So when you compare them to the Bonobo, the Bonobo is a little hairier. 
But there are a lot of similarities. 
As you can see, there's not a lot of difference between the way a Bonobo walks and the way an early australopithecine would have walked. 
These are happy vocalizations. 
You're very happy about this part. 
He can now cut through tough animal hide. 
The tough hide is difficult to cut, even with a knife. 
The rock that Kanzi is using is extremely hard and ideal for stone tool making, but difficult to handle, requiring great skill. 
SS: At first we didn't really realize what she was doing, until we stood back and looked at it and rotated it. 
Video: This symbol is not as clear as the others, but one can see Panbanisha is trying to produce a curved line and several straight lines. 
Researcher: Go ahead. Go ahead. I'm listening. 
Now you have to stay away. Get away. 
So come up afterwards and I'll show you how to play a lobster. 
So, mantis shrimp come in two varieties: there are spearers and smashers. 
That's a bit long, but it is sort of interesting. 
So these are actually some old data where I had to find the smallest animals in the lab, and we were able to measure forces of well over 100 pounds generated by an animal about this big. 
Now, things -- I'm making this sound very easy, this is actually a lot of work. 
So now, you'd expect a second peak for other reasons, but not half a millisecond later. 
So to solve this quandary of the two force peaks: what I think was going on is: that first impact is actually the limb hitting the load cell, and the second impact is actually the collapse of the cavitation bubble. 
it's in terms of both illusions and movies that we go see and jokes and magic shows is that there's something about these things where our expectations are violated in some sort of pleasing way. You go see a movie. And it has an unexpected twist -- something that you didn't expect -- and you find a joyful experience. You look at those sort of illusions in my book and it's not as what 
Watch it as it rotates back again. And this is a very bright audience, all right? See if you can stop it from happening, even though you know 100 percent it's true that -- bam! You can't undo it. What does that tell you about yourselves? We're going to do it again. No doubt about it. See if you can stop it from happening. No. It's difficult. 
But in fact, if you reversed the figure ground -- in other words, the dark areas here -- I forgot to ask for a pointer -- but if you reverse it, you'll see a whole series of little dolphins. By the way, if you're also a student at CalTech -- they also tend to just see the dolphins. It's based on experience. 
Now, you can make design mistakes. Like this building in New York. So that when you see it from this side, it looks like the balconies tilt up, and when you walk around to the other side it looks like the balconies go down. So there are cases where you have mistakes in design that incorporate illusions. 
Or, you take this particular un-retouched photograph. Now, interestingly enough, I get a lot of emails from people who say, "Is there any perceptual difference between males and females?" 
This is really wild. This assemblage of forks, together. It gives a shadow of a motorcycle. You learn something in the sort of thing that I do, which is there are people out there with a lot of time on their hands. 
And it's interesting, by doing this in this sort of rendered fashion, how much stronger the illusions are. Any case, I hope this has brought you a little joy and happiness, and if you're interested in seeing more cool effects, see me outside. I'd be happy to show you lots of things. 
We all live in the same planet, but there's still a great deal of poverty in the world. 
So my point is, there's a lot of struggle has gone in Europe, where citizens were empowered by technologies. 
And in the end, there's better bargaining between the authorities and citizens, and democracies, capitalism -- everything else flourished. 
So just imagine how many man-months or man-years are wasted, just like I wasted a day. 
So I started looking for any evidence that -- does connectivity really increase productivity? 
But then we are limiting our economic sphere to something very small area. 
There were a lot of reasons people told me why we don't have enough telephones. 
I mean, in America, people buy cars, and they put very little money down. 
In the United States, we have -- everybody needs a banking service, but very few of us are trying to buy a bank. 
And also people told me that we have a lot of important primary needs to meet: food, clothing, shelter, whatever. 
But the real problem is the lack of other infrastructures. 
And angel investors in America put in money into that. 
Even in Bangladesh, there are some empty places. 
And of course, it's very beneficial in a lot of ways. 
They are very eager learners and very capable survivors. 
Businesses -- this one company has raised the -- if the ideal figures are even five percent true, this one company is raising the GNP of the country much more than the aid the country receives. 
You should be really afraid that -- if we stick up the first slide on this thing -- there we go -- that you're missing out. 
And we're just beginning to understand this stuff. 
And that mutation was passed on to their kids because they're the ones that survived, so there was a great deal of population pressure. 
And we're beginning to find these little things for malaria, for sickle cell, for cancers. 
Because we're just beginning to learn where we came from and what we are. 
And the amoeba dubia doesn't look like much, except that each of you has about 3.2 billion letters, which is what makes you you, as far as gene code inside each of your cells, and this little amoeba which, you know, sits in water in hundreds and millions and billions, turns out to have 620 billion base pairs of gene code inside. 
This funky little thing: people didn't used to think that it was worth taking samples out of nuclear reactors because it was dangerous and, of course, nothing lived there. 
We should have known that this existed because this is the only bacteria that you can see to the naked eye. 
We're just beginning this journey of life in the new zoo. 
So, when you think of odd life forms, when you think of what it takes to live, it turns out this is a very efficient life form, and they call it an archaea. Archaea means "the ancient ones." 
And it's just beginning to understand this code of DNA that's really the most exciting intellectual adventure that we've ever been on. 
And it's all coming out of things that look like this. 
This is what you look like. This is one of your chromosomes. 
How's this stuff work? If each of you differs from the person next to you by one in a thousand, but only three percent codes, which means it's only one in a thousand times three percent, very small differences in expression and punctuation can make a significant difference. Take a simple declarative sentence. 
You can make very small changes in gene code and get really different outcomes, even with the same string of letters. 
That means you don't need to be a big nation to be successful; it means you don't need a lot of people to be successful; and it means you can move most of the wealth of a country in about three or four carefully picked 747s. 
Just smart people moving bits. Different rules. 
You can take a Harvard-educated Ivy League economist, stick him in charge of Argentina. He still crashes the country because he doesn't understand how the rules have changed. 
 And, given that the music is over, I was going to talk about how you can use this to generate a lot of wealth, and how code works. 
♫ And I can't stand in ... ♫ ♫ I can't stand in line forever ♫ ♫ Stand the cold air ♫ ♫ Glad-handed ♫ ♫ Sick and tired of the "Later, maybe" ♫ ♫ Take it, fake it, take it, take-it-or-leave-it life ♫ ♫ And I gotta just tame it ♫ ♫ I gotta just name it ♫ ♫ I gotta just seize, so please, oh please, oh please, oh please ♫ 
♫ Sick and tired of the "Later, maybe" ♫ ♫ Take it, fake it, make it, leave it life ♫ ♫ And I gotta just name it, I gotta just claim it ♫ ♫ I gotta just seize ♫ ♫ Oh please, oh please, oh please me right ♫ ♫ I want what I can't have, need what I can't want ♫ ♫ Have what I don't have, what I want ♫ 
And literally, this guy sat in my office in New Hampshire and said, "I want you to give me something that we can put on these kids that'll pick up a raisin or a grape off a table, they'll be able to put it in their mouth without destroying either one, and they'll be able to know the difference without looking at it." 
But understand what you're looking at we made small enough to fit on a 50th percentile female, so that we could put it in any of these people. 
Now he's going to pick up a pen with his opposed thumb and index finger. 
Now he's going to put that down, pick up a piece of paper, rotate all the degrees of freedom in his hand and wrist, and read it. 
I've come, however, on a special mission on behalf of my constituency, which are the 10-to-the-18th-power -- that's a million trillion -- insects and other small creatures, and to make a plea for them. 
I later discovered I was also hard of hearing, possibly congenitally, in the upper registers. 
So I turned to the teeming small creatures that can be held between the thumb and forefinger: the little things that compose the foundation of our ecosystems, the little things, as I like to say, who run the world. 
In the last 30 years, thanks to explorations in remote parts of the world and advances in technology, biologists have, for example, added a full one-third of the known frog and other amphibian species, to bring the current total to 5,400, and more continue to pour in. 
These bacteria were not uncovered sooner because they are also among the smallest of all Earth's organisms -- so minute that they cannot be seen with conventional optical microscopy. 
We are living on a planet with a lot of activities, with reference to our living environment, done by faith and guess alone. 
To take an example close to home: there are over 500 species of bacteria now known -- friendly bacteria -- living symbiotically in your mouth and throat probably necessary to your health for holding off pathogenic bacteria. 
As we move past the relatively gigantic mammals, birds, frogs and plants to the more elusive insects and other small invertebrates and then beyond to the countless millions of organisms in the invisible living world enveloped and living within humanity? 
I found my magical ants, but only after a tough climb into the mountains where the last of the native Cuban forests hung on, and were then -- and still are -- being cut back. 
I realized then that these species and a large part of the other unique, marvelous animals and plants on that island -- and this is true of practically every part of the world -- which took millions of years to evolve, are in the process of disappearing forever. 
Sadly, our knowledge of biodiversity is so incomplete that we are at risk of losing a great deal of it before it is even discovered. 
What is the "Encyclopedia of Life?" A concept that has already taken hold and is beginning to spread and be looked at seriously? 
Today, the practicalities of making such an encyclopedia, regardless of the magnitude of the information put into it, are within reach. 
As someone who has spent his entire career trying to be invisible standing in front of an audience is a cross between an out-of-body experience and a deer caught in the headlights, so please forgive me for violating one of the TED commandments by relying on words on paper, and I only hope I'm not struck by lightning bolts before I'm done. 
I saw that the free flow of information represented by journalism, specifically visual journalism, can bring into focus both the benefits and the cost of political policies. 
Coming of age in those days made real the concept that the free flow of information is absolutely vital for a free and dynamic society to function properly. 
10 IRA prisoners were in the process of starving themselves to death in protest against conditions in jail. 
During the early '80s, I spent a lot of time in Central America, which was engulfed by civil wars that straddled the ideological divide of the Cold War. 
This is a moment from the beginning of the second intifada, in 2000, when it was still stones and Molotovs against an army. 
This man had just been liberated from a Hutu death camp. 
The Russians bombarded Grozny constantly for weeks, killing mainly the civilians who were still trapped inside. 
My work has evolved from being concerned mainly with war to a focus on critical social issues as well. 
I spent a good deal of time with a man who lived with his family on a railway embankment and had lost an arm and a leg in a train accident. 
So many children have been orphaned by the epidemic that grandmothers have taken the place of parents, and a lot of children had been born with HIV. 
My pictures can play a supporting role to the work of NGOs by shedding light on the critical social problems they're trying to deal with. 
I went to Congo with MSF, and contributed to a book and an exhibition that focused attention on a forgotten war in which millions of people have died, and exposure to disease without treatment is used as a weapon. 
This experience raised a lot of questions, among them questions about race and equality and for whom in our country opportunities and options are available. 
A few minutes later when I looked again and saw the second tower burning, I knew we were at war. 
It was obvious that the Shi'ites were a force to be reckoned with, and we would do well to understand them and learn how to deal with them. 
I tried to imagine myself in their place, and I was totally humbled by their courage and determination in the face of such catastrophic loss. 
Good people had been put in a very bad situation for questionable results. 
My TED wish: there's a vital story that needs to be told, and I wish for TED to help me gain access to it and then to help me come up with innovative and exciting ways to use news photography in the digital era. 
It is, first of all, profoundly unequal: half the world's people still living on less than two dollars a day; a billion people with no access to clean water; two and a half billion no access to sanitation; a billion going to bed hungry every night; one in four deaths every year from AIDS, TB, malaria and the variety of infections associated with dirty water -- 80 percent of them under five years of age. 
I wanted to focus on activities that would help to alleviate poverty, fight disease, combat climate change, bridge the religious, racial and other divides that torment the world, but to do it in a way that would either use whatever particular skills we could put together in our group to change the way some public good function was performed so that it would sweep across the world more. 
 When I got out of office and was asked to work, first in the Caribbean, to try to help deal with the AIDS crisis, generic drugs were available for about 500 dollars a person a year. 
Children's medicine was 600 dollars, because nobody could afford to buy any of it. 
And that is now what we're trying to do, and working with this large cities group to fight climate change, to negotiate huge, big, volume deals that will enable cities which generate 75 percent of the world's greenhouse gases, to drastically and quickly reduce greenhouse gas emissions in a way that is good economics. 
So what we have been trying to do, working first in Rwanda and then in Malawi and other places -- but I want to talk about Rwanda tonight -- is to develop a model for rural health care in a very poor area that can be used to deal with AIDS, TB, malaria, other infectious diseases, maternal and child health, and a whole range of health issues poor people are grappling with in the developing world, 
Because the longer I deal with these problems, the more convinced I am that we have to -- whether it's economics, health, education, whatever -- we have to build systems. 
And they've achieved a lot of other amazing health results. 
So when we decided to work in Rwanda on trying to dramatically increase the income of the country and fight the AIDS problem, we wanted to build a healthcare network, because it had been totally destroyed during the genocide in 1994, and the per capita income was still under a dollar a day. 
Over 15 percent of the deaths among adults and children occurred because of intestinal parasites and diarrhea from dirty water and inadequate sanitation -- all entirely preventable and treatable. 
43 percent of the children in need of an infant feeding program to prevent malnutrition and early death are now getting the food supplements they need to stay alive and to grow. 
And the most important thing is because we've implemented Paul Farmer's model, using community health workers, we estimate that this system could be put into place for all of Rwanda for between five and six percent of GDP, and that the government could sustain that without depending on foreign aid after five or six years. 
We're also beginning to do this in Malawi and Lesotho. 
And we have similar projects in Tanzania, Mozambique, Kenya and Ethiopia with other partners trying to achieve the same thing: to save as many lives as quickly as we can, but to do it in a systematic way that can be implemented nationwide and then with a model that can be implemented in any country in the world. 
We could use some more help to do this, but think of what it would mean if we could have a world-class health system in Rwanda -- in a country with a less-than-one-dollar-a-day-per-capita income, one that could save hundreds of millions of lives over the next decade if applied to every similarly situated country on Earth. 
On September 10, the morning of my seventh birthday, I came downstairs to the kitchen, where my mother was washing the dishes and my father was reading the paper or something, and I sort of presented myself to them in the doorway, and they said, "Hey, happy birthday!" And I said, "I'm seven." 
And I said, "Yeah, that I'm going to have a party and a cake and get a lot of presents?" And my dad said, "Well, yes. 
So to find out that there was no Santa Claus at all was actually sort of a relief. 
Well, I finally found Bill about a block away from our house at this public school playground. 
This was around the time that I started filling out physically, and I was filling out a lot more than a lot of the other girls, and frankly, the whole idea that my astrological sign was a scale just seemed ominous and depressing. 
Now, I just live off a main thoroughfare in Los Angeles, and my block is -- well, it's a natural beginning for people who are peddling things door to door. 
And sometimes I get teenagers who promise me that they won't join a gang and just start robbing people, if I only buy some magazine subscriptions from them. 
Now, I was raised in the Pacific Northwest, around a lot of Church of Latter-day Saints people and, you know, I've worked with them and even dated them, but I never really knew the doctrine, or what they said to people when they were out on a mission, and I guess I was sort of curious, so I said, "Well, please, come in." And they looked really happy, because I don't think this happens to them all that often. 
Then they told me how this guy named Joseph Smith found those buried gold plates right in his backyard, and he also found this magic stone back there that he put into his hat and then buried his face into, and this allowed him to translate the gold plates from the reformed Egyptian into English. 
And I said, "I don't want it back. I'm happy without it." Gosh. 
Then they gave me this Book of Mormon, told me to read this chapter and that chapter, and said they'd come back and check in on me, and I think I said something like, "Please don't hurry," or maybe just, "Please don't," and they were gone. 
Well, that would have been much different, I think I would have instantly answered, "Yes, yes, I feel it all the time. I feel God's love when I'm hurt and confused, and I feel consoled and cared for. 
 This fund was supposed to be used for the rehabilitation of water reserves all over the country, before the outbreak of war. When the war broke out, the rebel leader demanded the fund be given to him, my father insisted it was not in his possession, and he was killed because of his refusal to release the fund. 
I made an arrangement with a Red Cross relief worker, who used his official van to transport the money to Lungi Airport, Freetown, although he did not know the real contents of the box. 
The only assistance I need from you, which I know you would do for me, are the following: one, be a silent partner and receive the funds in your account in trust; two, provide a bank account under your control to which the funds will be remitted; three, receive the funds into your account in trust; take out your commission; and leave the rest of the money until I arrive, after the transfer is complete. 
 But some people refer to me more as, like, an Internet guru or -- [JACKASS] swami. 
I'd basically distilled a very difficult-to-explain and complex philosophy, which I won't get into here, because it's a little too deep for all of you, but --  It's about what makes websites popular, and, you know, it's -- [DANCE LIKE AN IDIOT AND DON'T SELL ANYTHING] It's unfortunate that I don't have more time. 
 I'm obsessed with email. I get a lot of it. 
And I also feel like I get a lot of inspiration from the average user. 
And they said, "Hey Ze, thanks for rocking out, but I meant the kind of rocking out where we'd be naked." 
But you know, it's kind of a collaboration between me and the fans, so I said, "Sure." [rocking out naked]  I hear a lot of you whispering. 
 Tech joy, to me, means something, because I get a lot of joy out of tech. 
Making things, you know -- making things actually does give me a lot of joy. 
 Online drawing tools -- you've probably seen a lot of them. 
And the problem is that a lot of people suck at drawing, and they get bummed out at this, sort of, you know, stick figure, awful little thing that they created. 
So, we go ahead, and we start scribbling. 
 What we're going to try and do today, in the 16 and a bit minutes I've got left, is to try and answer three questions. The first one is, why? 
And skiing along that first trip, I had two imaginary video clips that I'd replay over and over again in my mind when the going got tough, just to keep my motivation going. 
At first it was pretty sensible. We flew British Airways to Moscow. 
The weather is just appalling -- oh, drifted back about five miles Later in the expedition, the problem was no longer the ice. 
It was a lack of ice -- open water. 
Strange mixture of feelings: it was extremely warm by this stage, a lot of open water around, and of course, elated that I'd got there under my own steam, but starting to really realize that my chances of making it all the way across to Canada, which was still 400 miles away, were slim at best. 
Ben, could you please look for an airstrip?" 
It just about worked. A pretty dramatic landing -- the plane actually passed over four times, and I was a bit worried it wasn't going to land at all. 
The pilot, I knew, was called Troy. I was expecting someone called Troy that did this for a living to be a pretty tough kind of guy. 
Of course, when you're on the ice, you only ever see one obstacle at a time, whether it's a pressure ridge or there's a bit of water. 
And on a wider scale, it amazes me how people go through life just scratching the surface of their potential, just doing three or four or five percent of what they're truly capable of. So, on a wider scale, I hope that this journey was a chance to inspire other people with their potential, and what they want to do with the tiny amount of time we each have on this planet. 
One final thought before I get to the toilet bit, is -- is, I have a -- and I meant to scan this and I've forgotten -- but I have a -- I have a school report. I was 13 years old, and it's framed above my desk at home. It says, "Ben lacks sufficient impetus to achieve anything worthwhile." 
This was from a thesis of a student, Bill Butow, now at Intel, who wondered why, instead of making bigger and bigger chips, you don't make small chips, put them in a viscous medium, and pour out computing by the pound or by the square inch. 
So, now we can compute that the output arranges material as well as information. And, ultimately, these are some slides from an early project I did, computing where the bits are stored quantum-mechanically in the nuclei of atoms, so programs rearrange the nuclear structure of molecules. 
All of these are in the lab pushing further and further and further, not as metaphor but literally integrating bits and atoms, and they lead to the following recognition. 
Von Neumann, in the '50s, did the same thing for computing; he showed you can have an unreliable computer but restore its state to make it perfect. This was the last great analog computer at MIT: a differential analyzer, and the more you ran it, the worse the answer got. 
It is also recorded for later release where, when and how the user chooses. 
But you don't use it for inventory and payroll; DEC is now twice bankrupt. You don't need personal fabrication in the home to buy what you can buy because you can buy it. 
So, I made a deal with my NSF program managers that instead of talking about it, I'd give people the tools. 
So, in place after place we saw this same progression: that we'd open one of these Fab Labs, where we didn't -- this is too crazy to think of. 
It was very chaotic, it wasn't, sort of, clear what was going on. 
In DC, I go to every agency that wants to talk, you know; in the Bay Area, I go to every organization you can think of -- they all want to talk about it, but it breaks their organizational boundaries. In fact, it's illegal for them, in many cases, to equip ordinary people to create rather than consume technology. 
It breaks every organizational boundary we can think of. 
We got a lot of things right. 
Understand, however complex we may be, incentives matter. 
The poor also are willing to make, and do make, smart decisions, if you give them that opportunity. 
A couple of principles: build small. 
After one harvest, they had increased their income enough to buy a second system to do their full quarter-acre. 
Malaria is a disease that kills one to three million people a year. 
A lot of hurdles. 
On the distribution side, though, as a world, we have a lot of work to do. 
She brought 10 of the women with whom she interacts together to see if she could sell these nets, five dollars apiece, despite the fact that people say nobody will buy one, and we learned a lot about how you sell things. 
A lot of lessons to be learned in terms of how we sell goods and services to the poor. 
"Well, that's long life and small family, and Third World is short life and large family." 
And 1962, there was really a group of countries here that was industrialized countries, and they had small families and long lives. 
Or have these developing countries got smaller families and they live here? 
All the green Latin American countries are moving towards smaller families. 
They move up into that corner. And in the '90s, we have the terrible HIV epidemic that takes down the life expectancy of the African countries and all the rest of them move up into the corner, where we have long lives and small family, and we have a completely new world. 
1964. America had small families and long life; Vietnam had large families and short lives. And this is what happens: the data during the war indicate that even with all the death, there was an improvement of life expectancy. 
By the end of the year, the family planning started in Vietnam; they went for smaller families. 
And the richest 20 percent, they take out of that about 74 percent. 
And how did it look like if we go back in time, to about 1970? 
Mauritius was the first country to get away with trade barriers, and they could sell their sugar -- they could sell their textiles -- on equal terms as the people in Europe and North America. 
But I would like to bring you back to about here, at 1960. I would like to compare South Korea, which is this one, with Brazil, which is this one. 
The label went away for me here. And I would like to compare Uganda, which is there. 
So we've got a much more mainstream appearance of the world, where all countries tend to use their money better than they used in the past. 
Now, this is, more or less, if you look at the average data of the countries -- Now that's dangerous, to use average data, because there is such a lot of difference within countries. 
And if I go down and look at Niger, where there was such a terrible famine, lastly, it's like this. 
We cannot give the data free to the students, free to the entrepreneurs of the world." 
But, of course, God got a lot of help. 
Here's my proposal, I'm going to just take a couple of minutes to explain it: Education on world religions for all of our children -- in primary school, in high school, in public schools, in private schools and in home schooling. 
There's a lot of serendipitous convergence here. 
 Think of what this got them. 
They could outsource all their problems: protection from predators, food-finding ...  The only cost in most flocks -- not even this -- a loss of free mating. 
Now, I talked to Paul afterwards -- I wanted to check to find out how he'd calculated this, and get the sources and so forth -- and he also gave me a paper that he had written on this. 
And what I want to do now is say a bit about this book from the design standpoint, because I think it's actually a brilliant book. 
I'm afraid that a lot of people take that sentiment to mean that we don't have to do the sorts of things that Al Gore is trying so hard to get us to do. 
I am not happy with that sentiment at all. 
So it's wonderful to think intellectually about how the life of the world is, especially those who are very smart can play this game in our head. 
When you ask people, have you failed to achieve something significant in your life? 
TR: Thanks for the interaction on a high level there. 
But if you ask people, why didn't you achieve something? 
That's pretty tough for any male, especially if you ride a bike. 
Second, once you know what the target that's driving you is and you uncover it for the truth -- you don't form it -- then you find out what's your map, what's the belief systems that tell you how to get those needs. 
We all want it; most settle for connection, love's too scary. 
Who here has been hurt in an intimate relationship? 
And you're going to get hurt again. 
And there are seven different beliefs; I can't go through them, because I'm done. 
 Or no matter what happens, they find a way to be happy or excited. 
This integration is on a film, which I'd be happy to send you, instead of my verbalization, but the two of them not only came together and changed their beliefs and models of the world, but worked together to bring, for almost four years now, through various mosques and synagogues, the idea of how to create peace. 
What is it about a big brain that nature was so eager for every one of us to have one? 
Human beings have this marvelous adaptation that they can actually have experiences in their heads before they try them out in real life. 
This is a trick that none of our ancestors could do, and that no other animal can do quite like we can. It's a marvelous adaptation. 
Interestingly, there are data on these two groups of people, data on how happy they are. 
Because the fact is that a year after losing the use of their legs, and a year after winning the lotto, lottery winners and paraplegics are equally happy with their lives. 
From field studies to laboratory studies, we see that winning or losing an election, gaining or losing a romantic partner, getting or not getting a promotion, passing or not passing a college test, on and on, have far less impact, less intensity and much less duration than people expect them to have. 
Human beings have something that we might think of as a "psychological immune system." 
Unlike Sir Thomas, you seem not to know it. 
Some of you are old enough to remember: he was the chairman of the House of Representatives and he resigned in disgrace when this young Republican named Newt Gingrich found out about a shady book deal he had done. He lost everything. 
He wouldn't lend him the money, and of course, six months later Ray Kroc had exactly the same idea. 
Because when people synthesize happiness, as these gentlemen seem to have done, we all smile at them, but we kind of roll our eyes and say, "Yeah right, you never really wanted the job." 
What kind of economic engine would keep churning if we believed that not getting what we want could make us just as happy as getting it? 
It's a 50-year-old paradigm called the "free choice paradigm." 
This is a bit of a difficult choice, because neither one is preferred strongly to the other, but naturally, people tend to pick number three because they liked it a little better than number four. 
Sometime later -- it could be 15 minutes; it could be 15 days -- the same stimuli are put before the subject, and the subject is asked to re-rank the stimuli. 
Like everybody else, they said, "Gee, thanks Doc! That's great! I could use a new print. 
Well, let's first check and make sure they're really amnesiac. 
It turns out that freedom -- the ability to make up your mind and change your mind -- is the friend of natural happiness, because it allows you to choose among all those delicious futures and find the one that you would most enjoy. 
But freedom to choose, to change and make up your mind, is the enemy of synthetic happiness. 
"Why complain about getting free paper?" 
"Look at the quality of the free paper compared to your lousy regular paper! 
"Now that you mention it, it does seem a little silkier!" 
You find a way to be happy with what's happened. 
We created a black-and-white photography course, and we allowed students to come in and learn how to use a darkroom. 
They bring us the camera; we make up a contact sheet; they figure out which are the two best pictures; and we now spend six hours teaching them about darkrooms. 
Better yet, I'll check with you. 
It's a very small increase, and it doesn't much matter whether they were in the reversible or irreversible condition. 
We could do it so that when you take the two pictures, you'd have four days to change your mind, or we're doing another course where you take the two pictures and you make up your mind right away and you can never change it. 
66 percent of the students, two-thirds, prefer to be in the course where they have the opportunity to change their mind. 
When our ambition is unbounded, it leads us to lie, to cheat, to steal, to hurt others, to sacrifice things of real value. When our fears are bounded, we're prudent, we're cautious, we're thoughtful. 
Wittgenstein replied, "Well, what would it have looked like if it had looked as though the Earth was rotating?"  Science has taught us, against all intuition, that apparently solid things, like crystals and rocks, are really almost entirely composed of empty space. 
So it would seem the hardest, solidest, densest rock is really almost entirely empty space, broken only by tiny particles so widely spaced they shouldn't count. 
If we had, our brains probably would perceive rocks as full of empty space. 
If we'd evolved in a vacuum, we would expect them to hit the ground simultaneously. If we were bacteria, constantly buffeted by thermal movements of molecules, it would be different. 
A small insect would reverse these priorities. 
We have this tendency to think that only solid, material things Waves of electromagnetic fluctuation in a vacuum seem unreal. 
He invites us, the reader, to think of an experience from your childhood, something you remember clearly, something you can see, feel, maybe even smell, as if you were really there. 
If a neutrino had a brain, which it evolved in neutrino-sized ancestors, it would say that rocks really do consist of empty space. 
Middle World -- the range of sizes and speeds which we have evolved to feel intuitively comfortable with -- is a bit like the narrow range of the electromagnetic spectrum that we see as light of various colors. 
Middle World is the narrow range of reality which we judge to be normal, as opposed to the queerness of the very small, the very large and the very fast. 
A marble statue could wave its hand at us; the atoms that make up its crystalline structure are all vibrating back and forth anyway. 
The odds against it, of course, are so great that if you set out writing zeros at the time of the origin of the universe, you still would not have written enough zeros to this day. 
We could make some sort of landmark points along a spectrum of improbability, which might look like the electromagnetic spectrum we just looked at. 
Could we, by training and practice, emancipate ourselves from Middle World and achieve some sort of intuitive as well as mathematical understanding of the very small and the very large? 
Or are our brains so versatile and expandable that we can train ourselves to break out of the box of our evolution? 
♫ The flies are the size of your head ♫ ♫ Next to the palm tree, ♫ ♫ Did you see the 'gators ♫ ♫ Looking happy and well fed? ♫ ♫ Everyone's out in merry Manhattan in January ♫  Everyone! 
When I arrived off the plane, after a very long journey from the West of England, my computer, my beloved laptop, had gone mad, and had -- oh! -- a bit like that! -- and the display on it -- anyway, the whole thing had burst. 
and I said "I'm playing the cello and I'm doing a bit of singing," and he said, "Oh, I sort of play the cello as well." 
♫ The sea, it freezes over ... ♫ ♫ to trap the light ♫ ♫ And I'm in love with being in love ♫ ♫ and you were never quite the one ♫ ♫ In Gerda's eyes ♫ ♫ Fragments of what you've become ♫ ♫ And all the moths that fly at night ♫ ♫ believe electric light is bright ♫ ♫ You are not worthy ♫ ♫ You are not worthy ♫ 
 And I get hoots of derision and cackles and growls because they think, "That's impossible! You can't explain consciousness." 
The very chutzpah of somebody thinking that you could explain consciousness is just out of the question. 
And he says, "It seems as if the ideal argument for most philosophers is you give your audience the premises and then you give them the inferences and the conclusion, and if they don't accept the conclusion, they die. 
But they probably don't think of these opinions as expertise. 
But with regard to consciousness, people seem to think, each of us seems to think, "I am an expert. 
Somehow, we have to explain how when you put together teams, armies, battalions of hundreds of millions of little robotic unconscious cells -- not so different really from a bacterium, each one of them -- the result is this. I mean, just look at it. 
 Now, that's the way a lot of people feel about consciousness. 
If you're going to explain this as a bag of tricks, then it's not real consciousness, whatever it is. 
This means that a lot of people are just left completely dissatisfied and incredulous when I attempt to explain consciousness. 
So this is the problem. So I have to do a little bit of the sort of work that a lot of you won't like, for the same reason that you don't like to see a magic trick explained to you. 
A lot of people feel that way about consciousness, I've discovered. 
But I'm not going to explain it all to you. 
The philosopher says, "I'm going to explain to you how that's done. 
 So now I'm going to illustrate how philosophers explain consciousness. 
But I'm going to try to also show you that consciousness isn't quite as marvelous -- your own consciousness isn't quite as wonderful -- as you may have thought it is. 
Even when you know that they're all going to change color, it's very hard to notice. You have to really concentrate to pick up any of the changes at all. 
It's one that I predicted in the last page or two of my 1991 book, "Consciousness Explained," where I said if you did experiments of this sort, you'd find that people were unable to pick up really large changes. 
It doesn't seem that way, does it? 
It doesn't seem that way, but that's the way it is. 
And I noticed that on the bridge there, there's a lot of people -- you can just barely see them walking across the bridge. 
The artist had very cleverly suggested people and clothes and wagons and all sorts of things, and my brain had taken the suggestion. 
It's just making you expect the detail. 
And they come in a certain order, at a certain time. 
When you see the cube one way, behind the screen, those boundaries go away. 
The purple-painters and the green-painters fight over who's going to paint that bit behind the curtain? No. 
Look in the gray areas, and see if you seem to see something sort of shadowy moving in there -- yeah, it's amazing. There's nothing there. It's no trick. 
And we're really making a lot of progress on coming up with a theory of mind. 
But in a way, you know, it's the same if I look at you and I see a nice bright young lady with a pink top on. 
And I think what Herbie said -- please listen, listen. 
If I play, for example, holding the stick -- where literally I do not let go of the stick -- you'll experience quite a lot of shock coming up through the arm. 
If, for example, I play just a few bars of a piece of music for which I think of myself as a technician -- that is, someone who is basically a percussion player ...  And so on. If I think of myself as a musician ...  And so on. There is a little bit of a difference there that is worth just --  -- thinking about. 
And that's basically what we are. We're just human beings, but we all have our own little sound colors, as it were, that make up these extraordinary personalities and characters and interests and things. 
In the same way that when I see tree moves, then I imagine that tree making a rustling sound. 
But it's meant that acousticians have had to really think about the types of halls they put together. There are so few halls in this world that actually have very good acoustics, dare I say. But by that I mean where you can absolutely do anything you imagine. 
We just -- we go like that, and we imagine that that's what deafness is about. 
Or we go like that, and we imagine that's what blindness is about. 
If I can just say, "Please clap and create the sound of thunder." 
And please try to create that through your clapping. Try. Just -- please try. 
Please keep your back straight, etc., etc., etc." -- where I was probably just going to end up absolutely rigid, frozen, and I would not be able to strike the drum, because I was thinking of so many other things -- he said, "Evelyn, take this drum away for seven days, and I'll see you next week." 
And interestingly, the older I became, and when I became a full-time student at a so called "music institution," all of that went out of the window. 
Please take note of the life of the sound after the actual initial strike, or breath, is being pulled. Just experience the whole journey of that sound in the same way that I wished I'd experienced the whole journey of this particular conference, rather than just arriving last night. 
we can add this other dimension of abundance that is coherent, driven by the sun, and start to imagine what that would be like to share." 
If the end game is mercury toxification of our children downwind of coal fire plants as they scuttled the Clean Air Act, then I see that our education programs should be explicitly defined as, "Brain death for all children. No child left behind." 
This is a baby blanket by Pendleton that will give your child nutrition instead of Alzheimer's later in life. 
This woman will expose herself to toxic phosphorous, release four pounds of toxic lead into her childrens' environment, which is from copper. 
My grandfather had been a lumberjack in the Olympics, so I have a lot of tree karma I am working off. 
They said, "They're proprietary, they're legal, go away." 
And with so much polymer, what we really need is technical nutrition, and to use something as elegant as a tree -- imagine this design assignment: Design something that makes oxygen, sequesters carbon, fixes nitrogen, distills water, accrues solar energy as fuel, makes complex sugars and food, creates microclimates, changes colors with the seasons and self-replicates. 
And as Francis Crick pointed out, nine years after discovering DNA with Mr. Watson, that life itself has to have growth as a precondition -- it has to have free energy, sunlight and it needs to be an open system of chemicals. 
So we're asking for human artifice to become a living thing, and we want growth, we want free energy from sunlight and we want an open metabolism for chemicals. 
A lot of how we decide, how we're supposed to react to things and what we're supposed to expect about the future depends on how we bucket things and how we categorize them. 
It's easy to think of this analogy as very different from some of the other things you might pick. 
Half of them deserted to go look for gold. 
And they wouldn't let the other half out to go look for the first half because they were afraid they wouldn't come back. 
Announcer: Could be a really big deal to you. Husband #1: Is that your wife? 
Because when you take out that last piece of gold -- and they did incredibly quickly. I mean, if you look at the 1849 Gold Rush -- the entire American river region, within two years -- every stone had been turned. And after that, only big companies who used more sophisticated mining technologies started to take gold out of there. 
And there are a lot of similarities between the Internet and the electric industry. 
This was a huge -- as you would expect -- a huge capital build out. 
Because, remember, the Web got to stand on top of all this heavy infrastructure that had been put in place because of the long-distance phone network. 
By the way, this is the beginning of the asbestos lawsuit. 
Now, the toaster was huge because they used to make toast on open fires, and it took a lot of time and attention. 
I want to point out one thing. This is -- you guys know what this is. 
The next thing that really was a big, big deal was the washing machine. 
This is the clean rinse-water. So you'd take the clothes out of here, put them in here, and then you'd run the clothes through this electric ringer. 
That was to come much later -- the off switch on appliances -- because it didn't make any sense. 
And there are -- when you research this, there are gruesome descriptions of people getting their hair and clothes caught in these devices. 
And they were really happy that the guy had a speakerphone because then they had to wait on hold for an hour to talk to somebody to give them an access code after they got there. 
Because, you know, resilience -- if you think of it in terms of the Gold Rush, then you'd be pretty depressed right now because the last nugget of gold would be gone. 
So check it, I'm gonna to catch mockingbirds. 
Space is length and breadth continued indefinitely, but you cannot buy a ticket to travel commercially to space in America because countries are beginning to eat like us, live like us and die like us. 
♫ Do you remember when we used to go ♫ ♫ up to Kiteflyer's Hill? ♫ ♫ Those summer nights, so still ♫ ♫ with all of the city beneath us ♫ ♫ and all of our lives ahead ♫ ♫ before cruel and foolish words ♫ ♫ were cruelly and foolishly said ♫ ♫ Some nights I think of you ♫ ♫ and then I go up ♫ ♫ on Kiteflyer's Hill ♫ 
♫ wrapped up against the winter chill ♫ ♫ And somewhere in the city beneath me ♫ ♫ you lie asleep in your bed ♫ ♫ and I wonder if ever just briefly ♫ ♫ do I creep in your dreams now and then ♫ ♫ Where are you now? ♫ ♫ My wild summer love ♫ ♫ Where are you now? ♫ ♫ Have the years been kind? ♫ ♫ And do you think of me sometimes ♫ 
♫ up on Kiteflyer's Hill? ♫ ♫ Oh, I pray you one day will ♫ ♫ We won't say a word ♫ ♫ We won't need them ♫ ♫ Sometimes silence is best ♫ ♫ We'll just stand in the still of the evening ♫ ♫ and whisper farewell to loneliness ♫ ♫ Where are you now? ♫ ♫ My wild summer love ♫ ♫ Where are you now? ♫ ♫ Do you think of me sometimes? ♫ 
He wrote, "If some religious genius did come up with an explanation of exactly why all these deaths made sense, would we feel happier, or safer, or more confident in God?" 
We demand an explanation from God. 
Over the last few weeks I have been struck by the number of times that words in our worship have felt a bit inappropriate, a bit dodgy. 
Does God demand loyalty, like any medieval tyrant? 
Perhaps there is a great, cosmic plan that allows for horrible suffering so that everything will work out OK in the end. 
In his great novel, "The Brothers Karamazov," Dostoevsky gives these words to Ivan, addressed to his naive and devout younger brother, Alyosha: "If the sufferings of children go to make up the sum of sufferings which is necessary for the purchase of truth, then I say beforehand that the entire truth is not worth such a price. 
Or perhaps God set the whole universe going at the beginning and then relinquished control forever, so that natural processes could occur, and evolution run its course. 
In the infinitely complex network of relationships and connections that make up life. 
In the end, we have to say, "I don't know." 
In music and poetry, in the natural world of beauty and in the small ordinary things of life, there is a deep, indwelling presence that makes them extraordinary. 
But in the end, the only thing I could say for sure was, "I don't know," and that just might be the most profoundly religious statement of all. 
If you want to know what I have to say about Darwinism itself, I'm afraid you're going to have to look at my books, which you won't find in the bookstore outside. 
There is an effective evolution lobby coordinating the fight on behalf of science, and I try to do all I can to help them, but they get quite upset when people like me dare to mention that we happen to be atheists as well as evolutionists. 
If I was a person who were interested in preserving religious faith, I would be very afraid of the positive power of evolutionary science, and indeed science generally, but evolution in particular, to inspire and enthrall, precisely because it is atheistic. 
Now, the difficult problem for any theory of biological design is to explain the massive statistical improbability of living things. 
Living creatures are too complex to have come about by chance; therefore, they must have had a designer. 
Any designer capable of designing something really complex has to be even more complex himself, and that's before we even start on the other things he's expected to do, like forgive sins, bless marriages, listen to prayers -- favor our side in a war --  disapprove of our sex lives, and so on. 
I quote, "Religion doesn't seem to work like that. 
 The survey that I quoted, which is the ARIS survey, didn't break down its data by socio-economic class or education, IQ or anything else. 
A philosophical opinion about the nature of the universe, which is held by the vast majority of top American scientists and probably the majority of the intelligentsia generally, is so abhorrent to the American electorate that no candidate for popular election dare affirm it in public. 
From what I've seen of TED, I think this may be the ideal place to launch it. 
I suspect that the word "atheist" itself contains or remains a stumbling block far out of proportion to what it actually means, and a stumbling block to people who otherwise might be happy to out themselves. So, what other words might be used to smooth the path, oil the wheels, sugar the pill? Darwin himself preferred "agnostic" -- and not only out of loyalty to his friend Huxley, who coined the term. 
My problem with it is only its apparent anthropocentrism. 
Critical mass may be harder to achieve with the word "atheist" than with the word "non-theist," or some other non-confrontational word. 
But if we did achieve it with that dread word "atheist" itself, the political impact would be even greater. 
Now, this is an elite audience, and I would therefore expect about 10 percent of you to be religious. 
The religious lobby in this country is massively financed by foundations -- to say nothing of all the tax benefits -- by foundations, such as the Templeton Foundation and the Discovery Institute. 
First of all, please remember I'm completely politically correct, and I mean everything with great affection. 
If any of you have sensitive stomachs or are feeling queasy, now is the time to check your Blackberry. 
Images of limb regeneration and faces filled with smallpox: 21 percent of the conference. 
First of all, it needs to be small. 
Has to be visible in bright daylight. Will work anywhere. 
So we're trying to check and trying to douse here, and see who uses marijuana. 
 OK, now smallpox is an extremely distressing illness. 
We had Dr. Larry Brilliant talking about how we eradicated smallpox. 
I wanted to show you the stages of smallpox. 
They've been sponsoring a design competition to come up with innovative medical housing solutions, clinic solutions, in Africa, and they've had a design competition. 
And we -- we wanted just to show you what this might look like in situ. 
"Free Bird." 
 "Free Bird" kind of reminds me that if you -- if you listen to "Free Bird" backwards, this is what you might hear. 
Buy "The Purpose-Driven Life," or Satan will take your soul. 
So I've tried to figure out a good design process to come up with a new term to replace "global warming." 
So we started with Babel Fish. We put in global warming. 
So we tried to come up with a program -- how we could remake this structure to better accommodate TED. 
So what I'd really, really like you to do now is, pick up your white piece of paper. Does everybody have their white piece of paper? 
And I want you to get out a pen, and I want you to write a terrorist note. 
And I fear, if we do nothing for our planet, in 20 years, it's going to look like this. 
Thomas Dolby: For pure pleasure please welcome the lovely, the delectable, and the bilingual Rachelle Garniez. 
What goals is this ant trying to achieve by climbing this blade of grass? 
No, it's worse than that. 
 There are a lot of ideas to die for. 
Richard Dawkins, whom you'll be hearing later in the day, invented the term "memes," and put forward the first really clear and vivid version of this idea in his book "The Selfish Gene." 
We don't have much time, and I'm going to go over just a little bit of this and cut out, because there's a lot of other things that are going to be said. 
So let me just point out: memes are like viruses. 
But among all those ideas that inevitably flow out into the whole world thanks to our technology, are a lot of toxic ideas. 
We're a free society, so we let pornography and all these things -- we shrug them off. 
They're not a big deal for us. 
But the way to deal with that is to do science, and understand how it spreads and why in a morally neutral perspective. 
♫ I am blue ♫ ♫ Blue is a river ♫ ♫ Blue remembered ♫ ♫ Blue water ♫ ♫ running clear ♫ ♫ Blue like a planet ♫ ♫ to a spaceman ♫ ♫ Blue river ♫ ♫ of my tears ♫  ♫ So I came here ♫ ♫ to the city ♫ ♫ where the dream burns ♫ ♫ like a furnace ♫ ♫ And I dazzled ♫ 
♫ in these dark streets ♫ ♫ like a diamond ♫ ♫ in a coalface ♫ ♫ Then the cold wind ♫ ♫ from the islands ♫ ♫ blew a storm cloud ♫ ♫ across the new moon ♫ ♫ Like the gun smoke ♫ ♫ above the houses ♫ ♫ in my home ♫ ♫ Blue is a river ♫ ♫ Blue remembered ♫ ♫ Blue water ♫ ♫ running clear ♫ 
There's a lot of activity in China. 
There's a lot of activity in India. 
But basically, what we've noticed is these queries, which come in at thousands per second, are available everywhere there is power. 
You can see that there's a lot of data running around. 
Now what I would like to do is just to show you what one second of this activity would look like. 
And this is what we spend a lot of our time doing, is just making sure that we can keep up with this kind of traffic load. 
I'll explain it in a second. 
But it's just the kind of thing that we just try out for fun and see where it goes. 
Larry, you can explain this one. 
And then, besides just looking cute on a baby's bottom, we made it a Googlette, which is basically a small project at Google. 
I think usually, as companies get bigger, they find it really hard to have small, innovative projects. 
You know, the Googlettes -- that's a small project that we're not quite sure if it's going to work or not, but we hope it will, and if we do enough of them, some of them will really work and turn out, such as News. 
And I don't know about all of you, but I have trouble keeping 100 things in my head at once. 
For example, the "Buy Iceland" was from a media article. 
We also have a lot of engineers in those meetings, and they don't always do their laundry as much as they should. 
A lot of work happens in companies from people knowing each other, and informally. 
Because you can type, you know, any kind of thing into Google, and you expect an answer back, right? 
So, "related searches," right there. You can't see it that well, but we decided we should put in this feature into our AdSense ads, called "related searches." 
I wanted to end just by saying that there's a couple things that really make me excited to be involved with Google, and one of those is that we're able to make money largely through advertising, and one of the benefits that I didn't expect from that was that we're able to serve everyone in the world without worrying about, you know, places that don't have as much money. 
And I think we're really lucky to have that kind of business model because everyone in the world has access to our search, and I think that's a tremendous, tremendous benefit. 
♫ It's a winter wonderland ♫ ♫ in the belly of the beast. ♫ ♫ And black men ski. ♫ ♫ Black men ski. ♫ ♫ Black men send back sushi ♫ ♫ with a scorned Yakuza's flair. ♫ ♫ We make postmodern art ♫ ♫ with bacon grease ♫ ♫ and hot combed hair. ♫ ♫ We secretly play Beethoven ♫ ♫ inside our bassmobiles. ♫ ♫ We can tell you how cool looks ♫ 
♫ Black men ski. ♫ ♫ Black men ski. ♫ ♫ Black men ski. ♫ ♫ Some kids I'll describe as friends ♫ ♫ say I am race-obsessed. ♫ ♫ The luxury of your opinion ♫ ♫ shows that you are blessed. ♫ ♫ See, I have poems about sunsets ♫ ♫ flowers and the rain. ♫ ♫ I've read them to policemen ♫ ♫ but it was all in vain. ♫ 
The public realm comes mostly in the form of the street in America because we don't have the 1,000-year-old cathedral plazas and market squares of older cultures. 
And every year they fail to because they don't want to hurt I.M. Pei's feelings. 
You know, that it's a despotic building; it wants us to feel like termites.  This is it on a smaller scale: the back of the civic center in my town, Saratoga Springs, New York. 
So I went back on the nicest day of the year, just to -- you know -- do some reality testing, and in fact, he will not even go down there because  it's not interesting enough for his clients, you know, the burglars, the muggers. 
It's not civically rich enough for them to go down there. 
And we're not going to cure the problems of the urban by dragging the country into the city, which is what a lot of us are trying to do all the time. 
Here you see it on a small scale -- the mothership has landed, R2-D2 and C-3PO have stepped out to test the bark mulch to see if they can inhabit this planet.  A lot of this comes from the fact that the industrial city in America was such a trauma that we developed this tremendous aversion for the whole idea of the city, city life, and everything connected with it. 
Please respect us, we're normal, we're normal, we're normal. 
Because these places, these habitats, are inducing immense amounts of anxiety and depression in children, and they don't have a lot of experience with medication. 
We are entering an epochal period of change in the world, and -- certainly in America -- the period that will be characterized by the end of the cheap oil era. 
We're going to have to re-learn what the building blocks of these things are: the street, the block, how to compose public space that's both large and small, the courtyard, the civic square and how to really make use of this property. 
And we're going to fix them by imposing back on them street and block systems and returning to the building lot as the normal increment of development. 
We've got a lot of work to do. 
Please go out and do what you can to make this a land full of places that are worth caring about and a nation that will be worth defending.  
There's a lot of exciting things happening in the design world and at IDEO this past year, and I'm pleased to get a chance to share some of those with you. 
I didn't attend the first TED back in 1984 but I've been to a lot of them since that time. 
We'd come in with some prototype underneath a black cloth and we'd put it on the conference table, and we'd pull off the black cloth and everybody would "ooh" and "ah." 
And I took a lot of pictures last year; very few people knew what I was up to, but I took a lot of pictures. 
Maybe you've seen them in the airports? They seem to be everywhere now. 
It's been used a lot of places, but I particularly like the use here of liquid crystal displays in the changing room. 
The last time I went to see this store, there was a huge buzz about people standing outside and wondering, "Am I going to actually get to see the people changing clothes here?" 
So you can see what you look like from the back or all the way around, as you look. 
SA: So far it's chaos, but a lot of people are doing stuff, so that's good. 
And my favorite feature, which is a flower in a vase that wilts when you leave in disappointment, and then when you come back, it comes up to greet you, happy to see you. 
 DK: You know, it has homey touches like a built-in fish tank in the walls, or something to be aggressive with to release tension. 
And it's a company that's trying to bring the experience -- many people have boats, or enjoy being on boats, but a very small percentage of people actually have the capability or the interest in going under the water and actually seeing what's there, and enjoying what scuba divers do. 
And so we spent a lot of time -- this has been going on for about seven or eight years, this project -- and [we're] just ready to start building them. 
We also were thinking about the experience of Richard, and so --  -- we designed this hat, because I knew I'd be the last one in the day and I needed to deal with him. So I just have one more thing to say. 
  So we saw a lot of interesting things being designed today in this session, and from all the different presenters. 
Designers are more trusted and more integrated into the business strategy of companies, and I have to say, for one, I feel very lucky at the progress that design has made since the first TED. Thanks a lot. 
And this is something we can work on my lifetime. I felt I could make a difference, and so I tried to get out of the computer business, into the brain business. 
 But I was a little disappointed -- pretty young -- but I went back again a few years later and this time was in California, and I went to Berkeley. 
Another thing is sometimes science leads to really big societal benefits and technologies, or businesses, or whatever, that come out of it. And this is one, too, because when we understand how brains work, we're going to be able to build intelligent machines, and I think that's actually a good thing on the whole, and it's going to have tremendous benefits to society, just like a fundamental technology. 
This works in physics. This works in geology. But if this is normal science, what does neuroscience look like? This is what neuroscience looks like. 
You can't imagine how much detail we know about brains. 
A lot of data. But there's no theory. There's a little, wimpy box on top there. 
Maybe we'll be lucky and discover some magic thing, but I don't think so. 
It's not as complex as it looks. That's not the issue. 
It's got a lot of cells in it too, right? 
Now, there's a history of this in science and before I tell you what it is, I'm going to tell you a bit about the history of it in science. 
First of all, they had a lot of unexplained data. A lot of it. 
The best minds were stumped -- really, really smart people. 
It just turns out it's really hard to think of things, but once you've thought of them, it's kind of easy to understand it. 
Now I'm going to tell it to you, and it's going to seem obvious that that is correct, and that's the point, right? Then I'm going to have to make an argument why you're incorrect about the other assumption. 
And then, what I'm saying is, is that the eternal prediction is the output in the neocortex. 
It's got good eyes and ears and touch senses and so on, a mouth and a nose. It has very complex behavior. 
But it has all this complex behavior already. 
And if you're a rat and you go through a maze, and then you learn the maze, the next time you're in a maze, you have the same behavior, but all of a sudden, you're smarter because you say, oh, I recognize this maze, I know which way to go, I've been here before, I can envision the future. And that's what it's doing. 
I can make it larger or smaller, I can change its brass to silver, I could make it a lever. I can change your door, put colors on; I can put windows in. I can change a thousand things about your door, and in the two seconds you take to open your door, you're going to notice that something has changed. 
And as you go up to the door, you know, let's check them off one at time. 
As I put my hand on this table, I expect to feel it stop. 
I would love to have more time to tell you we're making fantastic progress in this thing, and I expect to be back up on this stage, maybe this will be some other time in the not too distant future and tell you about it. 
So what will brain theory look like? 
So the first thing we're going to do are the things that don't require a lot of robotics. 
Anywhere where we're basically using our brain, but not doing a lot of mechanics. 
I know a lot of people who invented the microprocessor and if you talk to them, they knew what they were doing was really significant, but they didn't really know what was going to happen. 
In the same way, this is like brain science and these memories are going to be a very fundamental technology, and it's going to lead to very unbelievable changes in the next 100 years. 
And it's a lively and a lovely place, but we're rapidly changing the oceans with our -- not only with our overfishing, our irresponsible fishing, our adding of pollutants like fertilizer from our cropland, but also, most recently, with climate change, and Steve Schneider, I'm sure, will be going into greater detail on this. 
A single four-foot female had 300 million eggs, can carry 300 million eggs in her ovaries -- imagine -- and they get to be over 10 feet long. Imagine what a 10 foot one has. 
From their little hatching size of their egg, into their little larval stage till they reach adulthood, they put on 600 million times an increase in weight. 
600 million. Now imagine if you gave birth to a little baby, and you had to feed this thing. 
That would mean that your child, you would expect it to gain the weight of six Titanics. 
And unfortunately, they make up a large portion of the California by-catch -- up to 26 percent of the drift net. 
And it can record this data for up to two years, and keep it in that tag, release at a pre-programmed time, float to the surface, upload all that data, that whole travelogue, to satellite, which relays it directly to our computers, and we've got that whole dataset. And we didn't even have -- we just had to tag the animal and then we went home and you know, sat at our desks. 
They don't seem to mind, so far. 
So what are we trying to find out? We're focusing on the Pacific. 
Monterey is one of the few places in the world where Molas come in large numbers. 
 And they'll put their fins out and their eyes go in the back of their head, and the fish come up and they just clean, clean, clean -- because the Molas, you know, there's just a smorgasbord of parasites. 
And it's also a great place to go down south because the water's warmer, and the Molas are kind of friendly down there. 
Now that's important, though, because if there's a lot of fishing pressure, that population doesn't get replenished. 
They've got to come up, warm, get that solar power, and then plunge back into the depths, and go up and down and up and down. 
And therefore, when you hear about the corrupt Africa -- corruption all the time -- I want you to know that the people and the governments are trying hard to fight this in some of the countries, and that some successes are emerging. 
There's a will to fight, and in many countries, that fight is ongoing and is being won. In others, like mine, where there has been a long history of dictatorship in Nigeria, the fight is ongoing and we have a long way to go. 
A study by the Economic Commission for Africa showed a clear trend upwards in governance in 28 African countries. 
Africans, after -- they're tired, we're tired of being the subject of everybody's charity and care. 
Nigeria's telecoms market is the second-fastest growing in the world, after China. We are getting investments of about a billion dollars a year in telecoms. And nobody knows, except a few smart people. 
And what is more important, because we want to get away from oil and diversify -- and there are so many opportunities in this one big country, as in many countries in Africa -- what was remarkable is that much of this growth came not from the oil sector alone, but from non-oil. 
We have opportunities in solid minerals. We have a lot of minerals that no one has even invested in or explored. And we realized that without the proper legislation to make that possible, that wouldn't happen. So we've now got a mining code that is comparable with some of the best in the world. 
We consolidated them from 89 to 25 banks by requiring that they increase their capital -- share capital. 
The banks -- these banks are now consolidated, and that strengthening of the banking system has attracted a lot of investment from outside. 
So in financial services, a great deal of opportunity. 
So it's clear that things are changing. 
But imagine the impact on a family: if the parents can be employed and make sure that their children go to school, that they can buy the drugs to fight the disease themselves. 
One of the women in this video, Adenike Ogunlesi, making children's clothes -- which she started as a hobby and grew into a business. 
These are really simple, smart solutions based on existing technology. 
So, let me tell you this: when Wal-Mart achieves 20 percent energy reductions, that's going to be a very big deal. But I'm afraid it's not enough. 
It does seem really hard to get consumers to do the right thing. 
But as long as we pretend that CO2 is free, as long as these uses are nearly invisible, how can we expect change? 
I'm really afraid, because I think the kinds of changes we can reasonably expect from individuals are going to be clearly not enough. 
Well, Bob said the most important thing we could do right now is to make it clear in Sacramento, California that we need a market-based system of mandates that's going to cap and reduce greenhouse gases in California. 
In fact, I'm afraid all of the best policies we have are not going to be enough. 
All for want of two dollars' worth of medications that we can buy at the corner drugstore. 
Don't let me skip over that. Better biofuels are a really big deal. 
But I'm really afraid we need much, much more. 
And I am really afraid that it's absolutely not enough. 
Go to ClimateCrisis.org or CarbonCalculator.com and buy carbon credits. You could join other leaders in mandating, lobbying for mandated cap and trade in U.S. greenhouse gas reductions. 
Can you imagine what it would be like if Amazon or eBay or Google or Microsoft or Apple really went green and you caused that to happen? 
Because if we do, I can look forward to the conversation I'm going to have with my daughter in 20 years. 
I feel it's sort of like the Vimalakirti Sutra, an ancient work from ancient India in which the Buddha appears at the beginning and a whole bunch of people come to see him from the biggest city in the area, Vaishali, and they bring some sort of jeweled parasols to make an offering to him. 
He made that special effect at the beginning to get everyone to think about interconnection and interconnectedness and how everything in life was totally interconnected. 
And therefore it will become intolerable -- what compassion is, is where it will become intolerable for us, totally intolerable that we sit here in comfort and in pleasure and enjoying the life of the mind or whatever it is, and there are people who are absolutely riddled with disease and they cannot have a bite of food and they have no place, or they're being brutalized by some terrible person and so forth. 
Because we think that because we are kind of tired of what we do, a little bit tired, we do suffer. 
And occasionally we get together with another person stuck in their skin and the two of us enjoy each other, and each one tries to get out of their own, and ultimately it fails of course, and then we're back into this thing. 
The Dalai Lama always likes to say -- he says that when you give birth in your mind to the idea of compassion, it's because you realize that you yourself and your pains and pleasures are finally too small a theater for your intelligence. 
So I said, "Well, you know, you're all in this yourself. You teach: it's generosity," was all I could think of. What is virtue? 
So the first person who gets happy, when you stop focusing on the self-centered situation of, how happy am I, where you're always dissatisfied -- as Mick Jagger told us. You never get any satisfaction that way. 
So then you decide, "Well, I'm sick of myself. 
I'm going to think of how other people can be happy. 
And the first person who gets happy when you do that, you don't do anything for anybody else, but you get happier, you yourself, because your whole perception broadens and you suddenly see the whole world and all of the people in it. 
  Like I think we really put up with a lot of crap with our computers. 
And instead of that point and click, it's like a push and pull, things collide as you'd expect them. Just like on my real desk, I can -- let me just grab these guys -- I can turn things into piles instead of just the folders that we have. 
Despite computers everywhere paper really hasn't disappeared, because it has a lot of, I think, valuable properties. 
So one of the things you can do to our icons, just like paper, is crease them and fold them, just like paper. Remember, you know, something for later. 
We collect four gigabits per second of data, if you can imagine that kind of data stream coming down. 
We think a lot of good can come from this technology. 
Hollywood would spend millions of dollars to do a small urban corridor for a movie because they'd have to do it manually. 
I expect to live 100 years. 
And look here -- compare to the Philippines of today. 
And there's a lot of infrastructure things, and general human resources are there. 
But they're very small, you know? 
And in the discussion I attended with global leaders, you know, many say now the problem is that the emerging economies, they are getting out too much carbon dioxide. 
We can get out of poverty. 
Technology will bring you out of poverty, but there's a need for a market to get away from poverty. 
And this woman is very happy now, bringing her products to the market. 
All these things are important for development, especially when you just get out of poverty and you should go towards welfare. 
Even African countries can achieve this. 
And remember, please remember my main message, which is this: the seemingly impossible is possible. 
When you go on a thing like this, we can usually be in the field for anywhere from two to four months, with a team as small as 20 or 30, to as big as 150. 
It has to be smart enough to avoid terrain hazards and to find a good landing site on the ice. 
It needs to be one smart puppy, able to navigate and make decisions on its own in an alien ocean. 
And as the movie says, this is one smart puppy. 
The successful conclusion of that mission will result in infrequent visitation of the moon by a small number of government scientists and pilots. 
Orbital hotels to start with, but workshops for the rest of us later on. 
It's not going to look like that. 
Not even the guys at Tesla can fight that physics. 
We're at a magical confluence where private wealth and imagination are driving the demand for access to space. 
There are words that we're truly afraid of. 
This was an issue from 2002 that they published with a lot of different articles on the bionic human. 
So that at the end of the treatment, you are the same as you were at the beginning of the treatment. 
And you can basically see that the richer a country is, the older the people are within it. 
If the average age of your population is 30, then the average kind of disease that you have to treat is maybe a broken ankle every now and again, maybe a little bit of asthma. 
Obviously a lot of monies should be put into prevention. 
But perhaps most interesting, to me anyway, and most important, is the idea of diagnosing a disease much earlier on in the progression, and then treating the disease to cure the disease instead of treating a symptom. 
Think of it in terms of diabetes, for instance. 
We diagnose the disease eventually, once it becomes symptomatic, and then we treat the symptom for 10, 20, 30, 40 years. 
And finally, we may be able to use smart devices that will offload the work of the body and allow it to heal. 
And that idea was that the small intestine of a pig, if you threw away all the cells, and if you did that in a way that allowed it to remain biologically active, may contain all of the necessary factors and signals that would signal the body to heal itself. 
He asked the question, if I take that material, which is a natural material that usually induces healing in the small intestine, and I place it somewhere else on a person's body, would it give a tissue-specific response, or would it make small intestine if I tried to make a new ear? 
However, for those of you that are even the slightest bit squeamish -- even though you may not like to admit it in front of your friends -- the lights are down. This is a good time to look at your feet, check your Blackberry, do anything other than look at the screen. 
I think a lot of times we hear about diabetics, diabetic ulcers, we just don't connect the ulcer with the eventual treatment, which is amputation, if you can't heal it. 
This is an older lady. She has cancer of the liver as well as diabetes, and has decided to die with what' s left of her body intact. 
In this case, at the end of the bypass operation, you're going to see the stem cells from the patient that were removed at the beginning of the procedure being injected directly into the heart of the patient. 
Basically, if you take an extremely sick patient and you give them a bypass, they get a little bit better. 
The coolest thing would be is if you could diagnose the disease early, and prevent the onset of the disease to a bad state. 
They've decided that liposuction fluid, which -- in the United States, we have a lot of liposuction fluid. 
The Japanese government were perhaps the first, when they decided to invest first 3 billion, later another 2 billion in this field. 
So they're putting a lot of strategic investment focused in this area. 
And I'm going to finish up with a quote, maybe a little cheap shot, at the director of the NIH, who's a very charming man. 
You probably know that roughly 25 million people in Africa are infected with the virus, that AIDS is a disease of poverty, and that if we can bring Africa out of poverty, we would decrease AIDS as well. 
I think it may seem like I'm ignoring the policy stuff, which is really the most important, but I'm hoping that at the end of this talk you will conclude that we actually cannot develop effective policy unless we really understand how the epidemic works. 
So this means that in a place with a lot of AIDS, there's a really significant cost of sex. 
But how much you want to invest is going to depend on how much longer you expect to live in the future, even if you don't make those investments. 
But life expectancy in Africa, even without AIDS, is really, really low: 40 or 50 years in a lot of places. 
So malaria is a disease that kills you. 
It's a disease that kills a lot of adults in Africa, in addition to a lot of children. 
And so people who live in areas with a lot of malaria are going to have lower life expectancy than people who live in areas with limited malaria. 
So one way to test to see whether we can explain some of this behavior change by differences in life expectancy is to look and see is there more behavior change in areas where there's less malaria. 
Areas with medium levels of malaria it decreases some -- it doesn't decrease as much. And areas with high levels of malaria -- actually, it's increasing a little bit, although that's not significant. 
But even worse -- some years it's only IV drug users, some years it's only pregnant women. 
Not a lot of other diseases have that profile. And you can see here -- this is a graph of death rates by age in Botswana and Egypt. 
Botswana is a place with a lot of AIDS, Egypt is a place without a lot of AIDS. 
And you see they have pretty similar death rates among young kids and old people. 
But in this middle region, between 20 and 45, the death rates in Botswana are much, much, much higher than in Egypt. 
But this also tells us that one of these facts that I mentioned in the beginning may not be quite right. 
The epidemic was introduced to the US by actually one male steward on an airline flight, who got the disease in Africa and brought it back. 
Areas with a lot of economic activity -- with a lot of roads, with a lot of urbanization -- those areas have higher prevalence than others. 
But that actually doesn't mean at all that if we gave people more exports, more trade, that that would increase prevalence. 
More exports means more AIDS. And that effect is really big. 
So the data that I have suggests that if you double export volume, it will lead to a quadrupling of new HIV infections. 
Likewise, as we're developing policies to try to encourage exports, if we know there's this externality -- this extra thing that's going to happen as we increase exports -- we can think about what the right kinds of policies are. 
Even though it is the case that poverty is linked to AIDS, in the sense that Africa is poor and they have a lot of AIDS, it's not necessarily the case that improving poverty -- at least in the short run, that improving exports and improving development -- it's not necessarily the case that that's going to lead to a decline in HIV prevalence. 
a little bit on the increase later in the decade. 
You know, as I look around the world I see a lot of gaps, and I think we all see a lot of gaps. 
You know, we have all these gaps and I think we like our gaps because they make us feel like we identify with something, some smaller community. 
What's new is that in the last several years a lot of these very traditional physical human activities, these acts of self-expression, have been moving onto the Internet. 
The diameter of each dot represents the length of the sentence inside, so that the large dots contain large sentences, and the small dots contain small sentences. 
And all of these are stated by people: "I know that objectively it really doesn't mean much, but after spending so many years as a small fish in a big pond, it's nice to feel bigger again." 
"I feel a bit better now." 
"I feel like I'm in this fog of depression that I can't get out of." 
It's a bit different from the others. 
So, if we want to, let's check out what Bill Clinton's universe looks like. 
You can see that this is an important story; there are a lot of things in its orbit. If we open this up, we get different perspectives on this story. 
So we see that he was a bit quiet on Saturday, but he was back to work on Sunday morning, and actually been tapering off since then this week. 
And it's not limited to just people or dates, but we can actually put in concepts also. 
So if I put in climate change for all of 2006, we'll see what that universe looks like. 
As you search for the things that are important to you in your world, and then see what the constellations of those might look like. 
And every colony has a name, which is a number, which is painted on a rock. And I go there every year and look for all the colonies that were alive the year before, and figure out which ones have died, and put all the new ones on the map. 
And because of that, I've been able to study how their behavior changes as the colony gets older and larger. 
There's a lot of damage to the nest, and extra ants are needed to clean up that mess. 
So you see the nest maintenance workers come out with a bit of sand, put it down, turn around, and go back in. 
I don't think that chamber has evolved because of me and my backhoe and my crew of students with pickaxes, but instead because when there's flooding, occasionally the colony has to go down deep. 
When the foragers come in with food, they just drop it into the upper chamber, and other ants come up from below, get the food, bring it back, husk the seeds, and pile them up. 
So, despite what it says in the Bible, about, you know, "Look to the ant, thou sluggard," in fact, you could think of those ants as reserves. 
So when I first set out to work on task allocation, my first question was, "What's the relationship between the ants doing different tasks? 
And the second result, which was surprising to a lot of people, was that ants actually switch tasks. 
When I do these experiments with older colonies -- so ones that are five years or older -- they're much more consistent from one time to another and much more homeostatic. The worse things get, the more I hassle them, the more they act like undisturbed colonies. 
Whereas the young, small colonies -- the two-year-old colonies of just 2,000 ants -- are much more variable. 
So, the ants in the older colony that seem to be more stable are not any older than the ants in the younger colony. 
So since I've had this result, I've spent a lot of time trying to figure out what kinds of decision rules -- very simple, local, probably olfactory, chemical rules could an ant could be using, since no ant can assess the global situation -- that would have the outcome that I see, these predictable dynamics, in who does what task. 
I expect to meet another forager every so often. 
And we've learned that, in this species -- and I suspect in others as well -- these hydrocarbons, this layer of grease on the outside of ants, is different as ants perform different tasks. 
They've gone out to do different tasks, and the rate at which they meet as they come in and out of the nest entrance determines, or influences, each ant's decision about whether to go out, and which task to perform. 
In the beginning you see the ants just kind of engaging with the fiber optics microscope. 
Because the rate at which ants come back depends on all the little things that happen to an ant as it goes out and does its task outside. 
In fact, if you watch ants at all, you end up trying to help them because they never seem to be doing anything exactly the way that you think that they ought to be doing it. 
And one of the things that we're studying is how natural selection might be acting now to shape this use of interaction patterns -- this network of interaction patterns -- to perhaps increase the foraging efficiency of ant colonies. 
So the one thing, though, that I want you to remember about this is that these patterns of interactions are something that you'd expect to be closely connected to colony size. 
The simplest idea is that when an ant is in a small colony -- and an ant in a large colony can use the same rule, like "I expect to meet another forager every three seconds." 
But in a small colony, it's likely to meet fewer foragers, just because there are fewer other foragers there to meet. 
So this is the kind of rule that, as the colony develops and gets older and larger, will produce different behavior in an old colony and a small young one. 
And it wasn't until later, as I started making games, that -- I really actually think of them more as toys. 
People call me a game designer, but I really think of these things more as toys. 
And so, the games that I do, I think of really more as modern Montessori toys. 
And so I'm going to show you a toy today that I've been working on, that I think of more than anything else as kind of a philosophy toy. 
And you actually start this game in a drop of water, as a very, very small single-cell creature, and right off the bat you basically just have to live, survive, reproduce. 
And this is where the game starts getting interesting, because one of the things we really focused on here was giving the players very high-leverage tools, so that for a very small amount of effort the player can make something very cool. And it involves a lot of intelligence on the tool side. 
The idea is that the player can basically design anything they can think of in this editor, and we'll basically bring it to life. 
So in some sense we want this to feel like an amplifier for the player's imagination, so that with a very small number of clicks a player can create something that they didn't really think was possible before. 
You know, what happens if you give somebody a toy planet, and let them play with a lot of dynamics on it, what could they discover? What might they learn on this? 
So I can come in and I can do things, and just treat this planet as a lump of clay. 
So at first what we're going to see is a global ocean rise here on this little toy planet, but then over time -- I can speed it up just a little bit -- we'll actually see the heat impact of that as well. 
So at first they'll go up, and then they'll evaporate, and that'll be my planet. 
And what's interesting to me about games, in some sense, is that I think we can take a lot of long-term dynamics and compress them into very short-term kind of experiences. 
 Now as you can see, these guys are actually starting to go up and bow to it, and over time, once they touch it, they will become intelligent. 
And now, because I'm actually the one here, I can, if I want to, get out of the UFO and walk up, and they should be worshipping me at this point as a god. 
 At first they're a little freaked out. 
And not only that, but also show the dynamics, and a lot of the interesting objects that you might find, maybe like in the Hubble, at pretty much realistic frequencies and scales. 
But these are the things that we can kind of put in this little galaxy here. 
If we pull all the way back, we start seeing the entire galaxy here, kind of slowly in motion. And this is another thing where, typically when people present galaxies, it's always been these very beautiful photos, but they're always static. And when you actually bring it forward in time and start animating it, it's actually kind of amazing, what a galaxy would look like, fast forwarded. 
And so you'd have this wonderful sparkling thing, with the disk slowly rotating, and this is roughly what it would look like. And so really, to somebody in a very imaginative way, so that they can start calibrating their instinct across these vast scales of space and time. 
They are things that describe beauty in a way that is often only accessible if you understand the language and the syntax of the person who studies the subject in which truth and beauty is expressed. 
If you look at the math, E=mc squared, if you look at the cosmological constant, where there's an anthropic ideal, where you see that life had to evolve from the numbers that describe the universe -- these are things that are really difficult to understand. 
in all of its truth and beauty, and be able to study with this view in mind, so that their imaginations would be sparked, so that their passions would be sparked and so that they would be able to go on and use these visions in their head to make new discoveries and to be able to find out, really, how life works. 
So we set out by looking at how these molecules are put together. 
But they get the information that causes them to stop, causes them to internalize that they need to make all of the various parts that will cause them to change their shape, and try to get out of this capillary and find out what's going on. 
No life, from the smallest life to everybody here, would be possible without these little micro-machines. 
Once we figure out all that's going on -- and believe me, we know almost a percent of what's going on -- once we figure out what's going on, we're really going to be able to have a lot of control over what we do with our health, with what we do with future generations, and how long we're going to live. 
For a time that I find to be the most placid and uneventful hour of the day, four in the morning sure gets an awful lot of bad press --  across a lot of different media from a lot of big names. 
No, feel free to follow along on your Blackberries or your iPhones if you've got them. 
100 years to the day after the death of Alfred Nobel himself. 
 When Homer Simpson needs to imagine the most remote possible moment of not just the clock, but the whole freaking calendar, he comes up with 0400 on the birthday of the Baby Jesus. 
And folks, you can buy a copy of Bill Clinton's "My Life" from the bookstore here at TED. 
And then --  three paragraphs later we get this little beauty: "We went back to Blair House to look at the speech for the last time. 
By his own writing, this man was either asleep, at a prayer meeting with Al and Tipper or learning how to launch a nuclear missile out of a suitcase. 
And I noticed, he's not exactly around here today to face any tough questions. 
Anyway, I did have a really big epiphany around the situation, so Chris invited me to tell you about it. 
That is what free gets you. 
This conference is going to rank as the most important in the beginning of the 21st century. 
Even before they do that they will ask for foreign aid. 
Now, there are a lot of Africans who are very angry, angry at the condition of Africa. 
That's what makes a lot of Africans very angry. 
Now the modern sector, of course, is where a lot of the development aid and resources went into. 
These two sectors, let me describe to you, have their own indigenous institutions. 
And even if you look in ancient African empires, they were all organized around one particular principle -- the confederacy principle, which is characterized by a great deal of devolution of authority, decentralization of power. 
Now, compare that to the modern systems the ruling elites established on Africa. 
Could you please show that? 
The men are going fishing in these small boats. 
The picture I showed you before, and this picture, of drought, death and disease is what we usually see. 
So I'm afraid we've been engaging a little bit in the wrong debate. 
It didn't look like it was going to work. 
Almost a thousand people were there, trying to break down the door. 
And while they were trying to break down the door, I climbed in through the window, and jumped in. 
I was so happy --  -- that my sister was alive! 
We also have private citizens now who have a lot of money -- some of them in this audience, with private foundations. 
This is what gives us the hopeless image. 
So why don't we think of using some of this aid? 
One of the reasons why China is a bit popular with Africans now -- one of the reasons is not only just that, you know, these people are stupid and China is coming to take resources. 
Second thing, for the private sector, people are afraid to take risks on the continent. 
WK: I made four blades, just because I want to increase power. 
CA: And as you think of your life going forward, you're 19 now, do you picture continuing with this dream of working in energy? 
But I want to turn that upside down for a moment, and get something out on the table and clear the air so to say. 
And the Siwa Oasis is famous for several things, but the key thing is that it was the place that Alexander the Great went to when he wanted to find out what his destiny had in store for him. 
And I'm very proud and happy to be in that role because it is a fascinating position to be in. 
But not the South Africa we always talk about -- the gold, the minerals, the First World infrastructure -- a bit about the other side of it. 
It ties in with small-scale farmers in terms of no pesticides, no fertilizers. 
It's more expensive to transport goods. Prices of goods go up, inflation is affected. 
Why are they doing that? Because they expect investment to follow. 
If one looks carefully, on the Congo River is one of those bright lights. And that's the very Congo river generating light -- the old heart of darkness now generating light with hydro-electric power. 
I'm a writer, and I've been watching people with the slide shows and scientists and bankers, and I've been feeling a bit like a gangsta rapper at a bar mitzvah. 
 There's been a lot of talk about narrative in Africa. 
And what's become increasingly clear to me is that we're talking about news stories about Africa; we're not really talking about African narratives. 
We've had a lot of -- a parade of amazing ideas here. 
 So I was born in 1966, at the beginning of the Biafran-Nigerian Civil War, and the war ended after three years. 
A lot of us are very privileged. 
Please stop!" 
Please stop!" 
To be so afraid that you're standing in the face of a death you can't escape and that you're soiling yourself and crying, but to say in that moment, as Fraser says to Idris, "Tell my girlfriend I love her." 
And I asked millions of people, without questioning my right to do so, to go up against the government. 
I want to tell you some stories that explain my view. 
Because of his uniform they speak to him differently, and they explain to him that they're just following orders. 
And I realized just what had happened to me at Swarthmore, this transformation -- the ability to confront problems, complex problems, and to design solutions to those problems. 
But there were also some external factors: free markets, the rule of law, infrastructure. 
So I decided to get engaged, and the first thing that I did was to come back to Ghana and talk with a lot of people and really try to understand what the real issues were. 
Now, I was a little scared because when you see those three problems, they seem really hard to deal with. 
We're trying to train leaders of exceptional integrity, who have the ability to confront the complex problems, ask the right questions, and come up with workable solutions. 
There's a very vibrant debate going on on campus now over whether they should have an honor code, and if so, what it should look like. 
But the conversation they're having now -- about what their good society should look like, what their excellent society should look like, is a really good thing. 
These young future leaders are beginning to understand the real business of leadership, the real privilege of leadership, which is after all to serve humanity. 
And it gives me a lot of hope. 
The persistence, their ability to deal with ambiguity, their ability to tackle problems that they haven't seen before. 
I believe that Africa has reached an inflection point with a march of democracy and free markets across the continent. 
I had just left Wall Street, cut my hair to look like Margaret Mead, given away most everything that I owned, and arrived with all the essentials -- some poetry, a few clothes, and, of course, a guitar -- because I was going to save the world, and I thought I would just start with the African continent. 
And I did, and we ended up naming it Duterimbere, meaning "to go forward with enthusiasm." And while we were doing it, I realized that there weren't a lot of businesses that were viable and started by women, and so maybe I should try to run a business, too. 
And it was really the beginning of my understanding the power of language, and how what we call people so often distances us from them, and makes them little. 
So, I made a deal with the women. I said, "Look, we get rid of the charity side, and we run this as a business and I'll help you." 
And the women said, "You know, Jacqueline, who in Nyamirambo is not going to buy doughnuts out of an orange bucket from a tall American woman?" And like --  -- it's a good point. 
They buy it, they dry it and they bring it to this factory, which was purchased in part by, again, patient capital from Novartis, who has a real interest in getting the powder so that they can make Coartem. 
And even when we explained that if ABE goes away, all those 7,500 jobs go away too, we sometimes have this bifurcation between business and the social. 
UNICEF came forward and said, "We'll buy most of the nets, and then we'll give them away, as part of the global fund's and the U.N.'s commitment to pregnant women and children, for free." 
It costs, at manufacturing point, six dollars to produce these, and it costs the establishment another six dollars to distribute it, so the market price in a free market would be about 12 dollars per net. 
One, that people will pay different prices, but the overwhelming number of people will come forth at one dollar per net and make a decision to buy it. 
But because of this experimentation and iteration that was allowed because of the patient capital, we've now found that it costs about a dollar in the private sector to distribute, and a dollar to buy the net. 
Whenever I go to visit A to Z, I think of my grandmother, Stella. 
I look around at my siblings and my cousins -- and as I said, there are a lot of us -- and I see teachers and musicians, hedge fund managers, designers. 
But what it takes is a commitment from all of us to essentially refuse trite assumptions, get out of our ideological boxes. 
And, of course, I’m dedicating it also to my grandmother, whom I think really played quite a lot of important roles, especially for me when I was an activist, and being harassed by the police. 
And indeed, the police came -- because they’ll just arrest us and put us in jail and release us whenever they feel like, after the 20th or so. 
I'm tired of you having to come here, harassing us, while your children are sleeping peacefully in your homes. 
I am very, very happy to be amidst some of the most -- the lights are really disturbing my eyes and they're reflecting on my glasses. 
I am very happy and honored to be amidst very, very innovative and intelligent people. 
The G8 Summit proposes that the solution to Africa's problems should be a massive increase in aid, something akin to the Marshall Plan. 
And secondly, they are the smallest reality. 
But equally, it has opportunities and a lot of potential. 
Why? Because we lack the internal, institutional framework and policy framework that can make it possible for us to benefit from our external relations. I'll give you an example. 
Secondly, under the beef protocol of that agreement, African countries that produce beef have quotas to export beef duty-free to the European Union market. 
And all forms of intervention need support, the evolution of the kinds of institutions that create wealth, the kinds of institutions that increase productivity. 
The mistake of the international aid industry is to pick these isolated incidents of success, generalize them, pour billions and trillions of dollars into them, and then spread them across the whole world, ignoring the specific and unique circumstances in a given village, the skills, the practices, the norms and habits that allowed that small aid project to succeed -- like in Sauri village, in Kenya, where Jeffrey Sachs is working -- 
And it's not very fun. And when parts of your job are not easy or fun, you kind of look for an excuse not to do them. 
So if I had to think of some kind of occupation as a metaphor for my work, I would much rather be a fisherman. 
I want to throw my big net into the deep, blue ocean of English and see what marvelous creatures I can drag up from the bottom. 
So he's really responsible for a lot of what we consider modern in dictionaries today. 
But computers don't do much else other than speed up the process of compiling dictionaries. 
There's not a lot of clickiness. 
So they call grandma, and grandma says, "My pan was too small!"  So, it's not that we have good words and bad words. 
We have a pan that's too small! 
So, you can't get a smaller ham. 
You can ask for help! 
If you ask for help, you get more done. And we really need help. 
So if you think of the word "set," a set can be a badger's burrow, a set can be one of the pleats in an Elizabethan ruff, and there's one numbered definition in the OED. 
That says to me, it was Friday afternoon and somebody wanted to go down the pub.  That's a lexicographical cop out, to say, "miscellaneous technical senses." 
And the thing is, we could ask for help -- asking for help's not that hard. 
If we think of the dictionary as being the map of the English language, these bright spots are what we know about, and the dark spots are where we are in the dark. 
So there are a lot of really good word-collecting sites out there right now, but the problem with some of them is that they're not scientific enough. 
We can put in all the meanings. 
This is what dictionaries used to look like. 
I want him to think of this kind of dictionary as an eight-track tape. 
And the thing is, if we can put in all the words, no longer have that artificial distinction between good and bad, we can really describe the language like scientists. 
So, imagine that the animal is walking towards the sea. 
It's especially evident in the West, beginning with England and Holland around the time of the Enlightenment. 
And they range from a rate of almost a 60 percent chance that a man will die at the hands of another man to, in the case of the Gebusi, only a 15 percent chance. The tiny, little blue bar in the lower left-hand corner plots the corresponding statistic from United States and Europe in the twentieth century, and includes all the deaths of both World Wars. If the death rate in tribal warfare had prevailed 
Also in the Bible, one sees that the death penalty was the accepted punishment for crimes such as homosexuality, adultery, blasphemy, idolatry, talking back to your parents --  -- and picking up sticks on the Sabbath. 
The death penalty was a sanction for a long list of non-violent crimes: criticizing the king, stealing a loaf of bread. Slavery, of course, was the preferred labor-saving device, and cruelty was a popular form of entertainment. Perhaps the most vivid example was the practice of cat burning, in which a cat was hoisted on a stage and lowered in a sling into a fire, and the spectators shrieked in laughter as the cat, howling in pain, 
He plotted on a logarithmic scale, going from 100 deaths per 100,000 people per year, which was approximately the rate of homicide in the Middle Ages. And the figure plummets down to less than one homicide per 100,000 people per year in seven or eight European countries. Then, there is a slight uptick in the 1960s. The people who said that rock 'n' roll would lead to the decline of moral values actually had a grain of truth to that. 
And, as you can see, the death rate goes down from 65,000 deaths per conflict per year in the 1950s to less than 2,000 deaths per conflict per year in this decade, as horrific as it is. 
Things that we read about in the paper with gory footage burn into memory more than reports of a lot more people dying in their beds of old age. There are dynamics in the opinion and advocacy markets: no one ever attracted observers, advocates and donors by saying things just seem to be getting better and better. 
And of course, our change in standards can outpace the change in behavior. One of the reasons violence went down is that people got sick of the carnage and cruelty in their time. 
Hunter-gatherer peoples explicitly go through this train of thought, and will often raid their neighbors out of fear of being raided first. 
It removes the need for a hair trigger for retaliation to make your deterrent threat credible. And therefore, it would lead to a state of peace. Eisner -- the man who plotted the homicide rates that you failed to see in the earlier slide -- argued that the timing of the decline of homicide in Europe coincided with the rise of centralized states. 
So that's a bit of a support for the leviathan theory. 
In earlier times, when suffering and early death were common in one's own life, one has fewer compunctions about inflicting them on others. And as technology and economic efficiency make life longer and more pleasant, one puts a higher value on life in general. 
A third explanation invokes the concept of a nonzero-sum game, and was worked out in the book "Nonzero" by the journalist Robert Wright. Wright points out that in certain circumstances, cooperation or non-violence can benefit both parties in an interaction, such as gains in trade when two parties trade their surpluses and both come out ahead, or when two parties lay down their arms and split the so-called peace dividend that results in them not having to fight the whole time. 
Because we have been doing something right, and it sure would be good to find out what it is. 
Chris Anderson: I loved that talk. I think a lot of people here in the room would say that that expansion of -- that you were talking about, that Peter Singer talks about, is also driven by, just by technology, by greater visibility of the other, and the sense that the world is therefore getting smaller. I mean, is that also a grain of truth? 
Steven Pinker: Very much. It would fit both in Wright's theory, that it allows us to enjoy the benefits of cooperation over larger and larger circles. But also, I think it helps us imagine what it's like to be someone else. I think when you read these horrific tortures that were common in the Middle Ages, you think, how could they possibly have done it, how could they have not have empathized with the person 
that they're disemboweling? But clearly, as far as they're concerned, this is just an alien being that does not have feelings akin to their own. Anything, I think, that makes it easier to imagine trading places with someone else means that it increases your moral consideration to that other person. 
We see it in the constant appearance of slang and jargon, of the historical change in languages, in divergence of dialects and the formation of new languages. 
You can say, "Sal gave Jason a headache," but it's a bit odd to say, "Sal gave a headache to Jason." 
Now, many events can be subject to either construal, kind of like the classic figure-ground reversal illusions, in which you can either pay attention to the particular object, in which case the space around it recedes from attention, or you can see the faces in the empty space, in which case the object recedes out of consciousness. 
So, when you think of the event as causing the muffin to go somewhere -- where you're doing something to the muffin -- you say, "Give the muffin to the mouse." 
You can think of this as the language of thought, or "mentalese." 
You can also say, "Biff went from sick to well." 
of their original conceptual content -- space, time and force -- and apply them to new abstract domains, therefore allowing a species that evolved to deal with rocks and tools and animals, to conceptualize mathematics, physics, law and other abstract domains. 
 "Would you like to come up and see my etchings?" 
In the workplace, for example, there's often a tension over whether an employee can socialize with the boss, or refer to him or her If two friends have a reciprocal transaction, like selling a car, it's well known that this can be a source of tension or awkwardness. 
In dating, the transition from friendship to sex can lead to, notoriously, various forms of awkwardness, and as can sex in the workplace, in which we call the conflict between a dominant and a sexual relationship "sexual harassment." 
By expressing it as an if-then statement, you can get the message across without appearing to boss another person around. 
One way of thinking about it is to imagine what it would be like if language -- where it could only be used literally. 
And you can think of it in terms of a game-theoretic payoff matrix. 
If you don't bribe the officer, then you will get a traffic ticket -- or, as is the case of "Fargo," worse -- whether the honest officer is honest or dishonest. 
So if you look, you can see a lot of different machines come out of this. They all move around. 
Initially, it does some random motion, and then it tries to figure out what it might look like. 
And you're seeing a lot of things passing through its minds, a lot of self-models that try to explain the relationship between actuation and sensing. It then tries to do a second action that creates the most disagreement among predictions of these alternative models, like a scientist in a lab. Then it does that and tries to explain that, and prune out its self-models. 
And one of the things that I think is important is that we have to get away from this idea of designing the machines manually, but actually let them evolve and learn, like children, and perhaps that's the way we'll get there. Thank you. 
But there was something else that I've noticed as those changes were taking place, as people were starting to find out that hmm ... yeah, there really is a black hole at the center of every galaxy. 
Stephen Petranek: At first, it all seemed a little fantastical to me, but after challenging a lot of these ideas, I began to take a lot of them seriously. And then September 11 happened, and I thought, ah, God, I can't go to the TED conference and talk about how the world is going to end. 
And that got me into a discussion with some other people, other scientists, about maybe some other subjects, and one of the guys I talked to, who was a neuroscientist, said, "You know, I think there are a lot of solutions to the problems you brought up," and reminds me of Michael's talk yesterday and his mother saying you can't have a solution if you don't have a problem. 
I would propose, therefore, that if we took 10 billion dollars from that 2.13 trillion dollar budget -- which is two one hundredths of that budget -- and we doled out a billion dollars to each one of these problems I'm going to talk to you about, the vast majority could be solved, and the rest we could deal with. So, I hope you find this both fascinating -- I'm fascinated by this kind of stuff, I gotta admit -- 
Soon, genetic breakthroughs and even better medicine are going to allow us to think of 100 as a normal lifespan. 
We can look at our own history. The late physicist Gerard O'Neill said, "Advanced Western civilization has had a destructive effect on all primitive civilizations it has come in contact with, even in those cases where every attempt was made to protect and guard the primitive civilization." 
It may seem ridiculous, but we have a really lousy history of anticipating things like this and actually being prepared for them. 
A lot of very sober-minded physicists, believe it or not, have had exactly the same thought. 
They expect them to evaporate.  I hope they're right.  Other collider experiments -- there's one that's going to take place next summer at CERN -- have the possibility of creating something called strangelets, which are kind of like antimatter. Whenever they hit other matter, they destroy it and obliterate it. Most physicists say that the accelerators we have now are not really powerful enough to create black holes and strangelets 
We treat biotechnology with the same scrutiny we apply to nuclear power plants. 
There's going to be a lot of cheap rocketry that's going to come online in about six or seven years that gets us into the low atmosphere very cheaply. 
Obviously, we don't want one of those.  There's a flip side to it. In studying stars like our Sun, we've found that they go through periods of diminishment, when their total amount of energy that's expelled from them goes down by maybe one percent. 
And you just, literally, have to send little nuclear factories up there that gobble up the iron oxide on the surface of Mars and spit out the oxygen. 
We've all learned what -- the kind of panic that can occur when an old disease rears its head, like anthrax. 
We're telling the germs out there how to fight us. 
We have a real, major outbreak of disease in the United States, we are not prepared to cope with it. 
And finally, number one: biggest danger to life as we know it, I think, a really big asteroid heads for Earth. 
A small asteroid, say a half mile wide, would touch off firestorms followed by severe global cooling from the debris kicked up -- Carl Sagan's nuclear winter thing. 
You'll notice that a lot of comets are named after people you never heard of, amateur astronomers? That's because nobody's looking for them, except amateurs. 
A nuclear explosion is just as hot, but we don't really have anything big enough to melt a 22-mile long asteroid, or vaporize it, would be more like it. 
But we can learn to land on these asteroids that have our name on them and put something like a small ion propulsion motor on it, which would gently, slowly, after a period of time, push it into a different trajectory, which, if we've done our math right, would keep it from hitting Earth. 
within which we can think of our ancestry. 
However, DNA analysis informs us only about the beginning and the end, telling us nothing about what happened in the middle. 
Here is a close-up of the fossil, after five years of cleaning, preparation and description, which was very long, as I had to expose the bones from the sandstone block I just showed you in the previous slide. 
But using the CT scanning technology, which is normally used for medical purposes, you can go deep into the mouth and come up with this beautiful image showing you both the baby teeth here and the still-growing adult teeth here. 
So when you measure those teeth, it was clear that she turned out to be a girl with very small canine teeth. 
And that's very characteristic of humans and it's called childhood, which is this extended dependence of human children on their family or parents. 
So, the still-growing brain in this individual tells us that childhood, which requires an incredible social organization, a very complex social organization, So, by being at the cusp of our evolutionary history, Selam unites us all and gives us a unique account on what makes us human. 
When we did the analysis of this bone, it was clear that it looked very chimp-like, chimpanzee-like. 
Can you imagine how much biased his report would be? 
And can we really do better than these primitive, small-brained ancestors? 
And finally, I get a call last year, and then I have to go up after J.J. Abrams. 
And part of it is a personal story. When Chris invited me to speak, he said, people think of you as a bit of an enigma, and they want to know what drives you a bit. 
And when we heard a lot of the presentations over the last couple of days, Ed Wilson and the pictures of James Nachtwey, I think we all realized how far we have to go to get to this new version of humanity that I like to call "Humanity 2.0." 
One is the gap in opportunity -- this gap that President Clinton last night called uneven, unfair and unsustainable -- and, out of that, comes poverty and illiteracy and disease and all these evils that we see around us. 
And for me, a lot of this started when I was younger and my family used to go camping in upstate New York. 
And their stories made the world seem a very small and interconnected place. 
And it struck me that if I could write stories that were about this world as being small and interconnected, that maybe I could get people interested in the issues that affected us all, and maybe engage them to make a difference. 
I then had a bit of a wake-up call when I was 14. 
And what he said was, he wasn't so much afraid that he might die, but that he hadn't done the things that he wanted to with his life. 
So I set out in a hurry. I studied engineering. 
And just after I'd graduated, Pierre came to me with this idea to help people buy and sell things online with each other. 
The company went public two years later and is today one of the best known companies in the world. 
But there's also a lot of people that you don't know. 
And a lot of this comes together in a philosophy of change that I find really is powerful. 
And then the next light bulb was, better than just writing, what about film and TV, to get out to people in a big way? 
So, in 2003, I started to make my way around Los Angeles to talk about the idea of a pro-social media company and I was met with a lot of encouragement. 
And after we saw his slide show, it became clear that it was much more urgent. 
And it's the true story of Congressman Charlie Wilson, and how he funded the Taliban to fight the Russians in Afghanistan. 
It's based on the protesters at the Democratic Convention in 1968, Abby Hoffman and crew, and, again, a story about a small group of individuals who did make change in the world. 
 And finally, an eBay listing for one well-traveled slide show, now obsolete, museum piece. Please contact Al Gore. 
Told him my idea, and you know, he is one of the bravest men in the world, as is General Blair, who, in the end, gave me permission to try this experiment. 
You can imagine the hailstorm of questions I got. 
I don't know how many of you might imagine it, but there's actually a TEDster who recently got back from Iraq. 
We were one of the lucky ones to get in the class with the Sony cameras and the Vista software. 
And it really highlighted something that I would like to ask you guys to think about and hopefully to help with, which is, I think a lot of us are very afraid to have conversations about war, and about politics. 
You know, I can answer questions about my movie, but for me to come up and talk for 18 minutes is a really long time. 
So, I wanted to say, Paul, I'm happy you're here, because I know you have my back. 
I didn't save all of them, because I didn't realize at the beginning that it would be something that I would want to keep track of. 
I later heard that Iraqi casualties were not to be treated in Taji. 
I should really thank God for saving my lucky ass. 
So, I pinged Mike and I said, "Mike, can you please go get that interview with Pink?" 
Now, the news footage I put in there to try to show -- you know, I think mainstream media tries to do the best they can in the format that they have. 
But the thing that I know you all have heard a lot of times, American soldiers saying, "Why don't they talk about the good stuff that we do?" 
There were not Americans hurt out there. 
And for me, one of the most profound stories someone shared with me, that then became my story, was -- for those of you who haven't seen the film, and it's not a spoiler -- it's very common there are a lot of civilian accidents, where people get in front of Humvees and they get killed. 
I'm afraid she's going to think I'm a monster." 
Do you, if you find out your neighbor's been, do you spend some time? 
My daughters pointed out that I'm very similar looking, so this is a bit of a problem. 
After I wrote "The Laws of Simplicity," I was very tired of simplicity, as you can imagine. 
But in reality, the sky looked like this. It was a beautiful, complex sky. 
We're human beings: we love complex things. 
Last year at TED, these were all my titles. I had a lot of titles. 
But the Media Lab is an interesting place, and it's important to me because as a student, I was a computer science undergrad, and I discovered design later on in my life. 
This is a sad thing, but it's actually a happy thing in a way, because you can remember them in their pure form. 
So, I've always been Googling this word, "human," to find out how many hits I get. 
So, if you sort of compare that, like this, you'll see that computer versus human -- I've been tracking this for the last year -- computer versus human over the last year has changed. 
So if you compare complexities to simplicity, it's also catching up in a way, too. 
I spent my entire early career making complex stuff. 
Lots of complex stuff. 
I wrote computer programs to make complex graphics like this. 
I had clients in Japan to make really complex stuff like this. 
And so I made a lot of these types of things. 
I've been lucky to have been there before people made these kind of things, and so I made all this kind of stuff that messes with your eyes. 
If you're in New York, please go and see that. 
I was looking for some kind of form, and in the end, I made 100 butter-fries. Do you get it? 
The car is so big, the camera is so small, yet the manual for the camera is so much bigger than the car manual. 
It's a bit eerie, isn't it? 
Anyone who has kids knows that if you offer a kid a big cookie or a small cookie, which cookie are they going to take? The big cookie. 
You can say the small cookie has Godiva chocolate bits in it, but it doesn't work. They want the big cookie. 
But if you offer kids two piles of laundry to fold, the small pile or the big pile, which will they choose? 
And so, to boil it all down, simplicity is about living life with more enjoyment and less pain. 
You know, I have a lot of cocky freshmen at MIT, so I tell them, "Oh, your bodies are really getting stronger and stronger, but in your late twenties and mid-thirties, cells, they die." 
But if any of you people ask, "What actually goes up? Does anything go up? 
And before the kind of collapse of the communist system, I was privileged to meet a lot of cosmonauts in Space City and other places in Russia. 
And despite Bucky's prophecies that everything would be miniaturized and technology would make an incredible style -- access to comfort, to amenities -- it was very, very difficult to imagine that everything that we see in this image, would be very, very stylishly packaged. 
In other words, as I might seek to demonstrate, if you could achieve the impossible, the equivalent of perpetual motion, you could design a carbon-free house, for example. 
It's only the beginning of the problem. 
So, if we think of the transition in our society of the movement from the land to the cities, which took 200 years, then that same process is happening in 20 years. 
If I pull back from that global picture, and I look at the implication over a similar period of time in terms of the technology -- which, as a tool, is a tool for designers, and I cite our own experience as a company, and I just illustrate that by a small selection of projects -- then how do you measure that change of technology? 
And particularly, how can it lead to the creation of buildings which consume less energy, create less pollution and are more socially responsible? 
The one example I take is a corporate headquarters for a company called Willis and Faber, in a small market town in the northeast of England, commuting distance with London. 
So the humanistic ideal is very, very strong in all this work, encapsulated perhaps by one of my early sketches here, where you can see greenery, you can see sunlight, you have a connection with nature. 
And they were saying, you know, "The architects, Norman was always going on about designing for the future, and you know, it didn't seem to cost us any more. 
The library of the Free University, which opened last year, is an example of that. 
So if you cross the border -- just across the border -- a small factory in Germany, and here you can see the guy with his computer screen, and those points in space are communicated. 
And Stansted, the green alternative, which uses natural light, is a friendly place: you know where you are, you can relate to the outside. 
Our Reichstag project, which has a very familiar agenda, I'm sure, as a public place where we sought to, in a way, through a process of advocacy, reinterpret the relationship between society and politicians, public space. And maybe its hidden agenda, an energy manifesto -- something that would be free, completely free of fuel as we know it. 
You can compare how that building, in terms of its emission in tons of carbon dioxide per year -- at the time that we took that project, over 7,000 tons -- what it would have been with natural gas and finally, with the vegetable oil, 450 tons. 
And you enclose that with something that also is central to its appearance, which is a mesh of triangulated structures -- again, in a long connection evocative of some of those works of Buckminster Fuller, and the way in which triangulation can increase performance and also give that building its sense of identity. 
And our translation of that, using a lot of the thinking built up over the 40 years, is to say, what if that, instead of being just a pipe, what if it is a lifeline? 
How do you make them more friendly at that scale? 
Hong Kong I refer to as a kind of analog experience in a digital age, because you always have a point of reference. 
And perhaps these, in the end, as celebratory spaces. 
I have a tough job to do. 
But I wanted to check if this is true. So what I did last year was we hired a car, looked up on Google, found a route into northern India from New Delhi which, you know, which did not cross any big cities or any big metropolitan centers. Drove out about 300 kilometers, and wherever we found a school, administered a set of standard tests, and then took those test results and plotted them on a graph. 
I mean, this is a very small sample; you should not generalize from it. 
But it was quite obvious, quite clear, that for this particular route that I had taken, the remoter the school was, the worse its results seemed to be. 
But what happened was that when I administered a questionnaire to each of these schools, with one single question for the teachers -- which was, "Would you like to move to an urban, metropolitan area?" -- 69 percent of them said yes. And as you can see from that, they say yes just a little bit out of Delhi, and they say no when you hit the rich suburbs of Delhi -- 
I would imagine that a teacher who comes or walks into class every day thinking that, I wish I was in some other school, probably has a deep impact on what happens to the results. 
You put in this new super-duper technology, and now they get 83 percent. 
So the relative change that ET, Educational Technology, would make, would be far greater at the bottom of the pyramid than at the top, but we seem to be doing it the other way about. 
So, you know, it puts the teacher into a tough bind, you have to think. 
 So it was a warm day, and the hole in the wall was on that decrepit old building. This is the first kid who came there; he later on turned out to be a 13-year-old school dropout. 
I also had to check or invent an engineering design which would survive outdoors, and I was using regular, normal PCs, so I needed different climates, for which India is also great, because we have very cold, very hot, and so on. 
This sequence is also nice. This is a small child, a six-year-old, telling his eldest sister what to do. 
And this happens very often with these computers, that the younger children are found teaching the older ones. 
And all of them also will clear a test given on that subject. 
So, they seem to be able to acquire very quickly. 
The weather modification subject was getting started, and as a graduate student, on a hitchhiker ride to the East Coast, and so on. And everybody would talk to me, but all the professionals in the field hated each other, and they wouldn't communicate. And as a result, I got the absolutely unique background in that field, and started a company, which did more research in weather modification than anybody, and there are a lot of things that I just can't go into. 
We had AirDynamisis, who, like I, did not want to work for aerospace companies on some big, many year project, and so we did our small projects, and the company slowly grew. 
We realized that if you just cleaned up our Gossamer Condor a little bit, the power to fly would be decreased a little bit, and if you decrease the power required a little, the pilot can fly a much longer period of time. 
 But that sure started me thinking about various things, and immediately, we began making a solar-powered plane because we felt solar power was going to be so important for the country and the world, we didn't want the small funding in the government to be decreased, which is what the government was trying to do with it. 
And we thought a solar-powered plane wouldn't really make sense, but you could do it and it would get a lot of publicity for solar power and maybe help that field. 
This was the one chance that I had to focus on what I, really, was after, and what was important. And to my surprise, I realized the importance of environmental issues, which Charles Lindbergh devoted the last third of his life to, and preparing that paper did me a lot of good. 
I wanted to -- well, one of the biggest changes is, 200 years ago, we began using coal from underground, which has a lot of pollution, and 100 years ago, began getting gasoline from underground, with a lot of pollution. And gasoline consumption, or production, will reach its limit in about ten years, and then go down, and we wonder what's going to happen with transportation. 
So this just summarizes it. "Over billions of years, on a unique sphere, chance has painted a thin covering of life -- complex and probable, wonderful and fragile. 
And we've done a lot of things, small drone airplanes and so on. 
 Her designers' attention to detail and her construction gives Helios' structure the flexibility and strength to deal with the turbulence encountered in the atmosphere. 
And we consume so much that again, a rise of 6.5 billion to 9.5 billion in our grandchildren's lifetime will disproportionately hurt the poorest and the most vulnerable. 
What will that lead to? 
For some, it will lead to anger, religious and sectarian violence and terrorism. 
A minimum of 20 to 30 inches of increase in sea levels is the best case that we can hope for, and it could be 10 times that. 
Let's go up and take a look at the Himalayas. 
A minimum of 20 to 40 inches of increase in seas, coupled with increasing flows from the Himalayas. And take a look at this. 
But if you look at the globe, all around the earth, wherever there is low-lying area, populated areas near the water, you will find increase in sea level that will challenge our way of life. 
Global warming is something that happens to all of us, all at once. 
We've been here before, paralyzed by fear, paralyzed into inaction, when some -- probably one of you in this room -- jumped into the breach and created an organization like Physicians for Social Responsibility, which fought against the nuclear threat, Medicins Sans Frontieres, that renewed our commitment to disaster relief, Mohamed ElBaradei, and the tremendous hope and optimism that he brought all of us, and our own Muhammad Yunus. 
We've seen the eradication of smallpox. 
This disease is called sudden wealth syndrome.  It's an amazing phenomenon. 
All throughout the technology world, we're seeing young people bitten by this disease of sudden wealth syndrome. 
We all felt that we were part of it, that a better world was right around the corner, that we were watching the birth of a world free of hatred and violence and prejudice. 
That means that people are beginning the first step, which is acting out of their own self-interest. 
But I am seeing in the major funders, in CARE, Rockefeller, Rockefeller Brothers Fund, Hewlett, Mercy Corps, you guys, Google, so many other organizations, a beginning of understanding that we need to work not just on primary prevention of global warming, but on the secondary prevention of the consequences of global warming on the poorest and the most vulnerable. 
And I lived in a Himalayan monastery, and I studied with a very wise teacher, who kicked me out of the monastery one day and told me that it was my destiny -- it felt like Yoda -- it is your destiny to go to work for WHO and to help eradicate smallpox, at a time when there was no smallpox program. 
It should make you optimistic that smallpox no longer exists because it was the worst disease in history. 
In the last century -- that's the one that was seven years ago -- half a billion people died from smallpox: more than all the wars in history, more than any other infectious disease in the history of the world. 
In the Summer of Love, in 1967, two million people, children, died of smallpox. 
When you read the biblical plague of boils, that was smallpox. 
Pharaoh Ramses the Fifth, whose picture is here, died of smallpox. 
To eradicate smallpox, we had to gather the largest United Nations army in history. 
We visited every house in India, searching for smallpox -- 120 million houses, once every month, for nearly two years. 
In a cruel reversal, after we had almost conquered smallpox -- and this is what you must learn as a social entrepreneur, the realm of the final inch. 
And when they did, they took smallpox to 10 other countries and reignited the epidemic. 
But, in the end, we succeeded, and the last case of smallpox: this little girl, Rahima Banu -- Barisal, in Bangladesh -- when she coughed or breathed, and the last virus of smallpox left her lungs and fell on the dirt and the sun killed that last virus, thus ended a chain of transmission of history's greatest horror. 
A disease which killed hundreds of thousands in India, and blinded half of all of those who were made blind in India, ended. 
Doctors, health workers, from 30 different countries, of every race, every religion, every color, worked together, fought alongside each other, fought against a common enemy, didn't fight against each other. 
Try to imagine what the surface of Titan might look like. 
And what you see is bright and dark regions, and that's about as far as it got for us. 
It was so mystifying: we couldn't make out what we were seeing on Titan. 
This, we later found out, is, in fact, a crater, but there are very few craters on the surface of Titan, meaning it's a very young surface. 
They look like they've been pulled apart. 
And so now we go onto Enceladus. Enceladus is a small moon, it's about a tenth the size of Titan. And you can see it here next to England, just to show you the size. This is not meant to be a threat. 
But as if that weren't brilliant enough, we can spot, in this beautiful image, sight of our own planet, cradled in the arms of Saturn's rings. 
Now, there is something deeply moving about seeing ourselves from afar, and capturing the sight of our little, blue-ocean planet in the skies of other worlds. And that, and the perspective of ourselves that we gain from that, may be, in the end, the finest reward that we earn from this journey of discovery that started half a century ago. 
CA: Well, that was a bizarre thing, because you made this move that a lot of people advised you was crazy. 
They were trying to put our airline out of business, and they launched what's become known as the dirty tricks campaign. 
CA: Post-Napster, you're looking like a bit of a genius, actually, for that as well. 
We have a lot of fun and I think the people who work for it enjoy it. 
I mean, we had -- often, when you launch a company and you get customer complaints, you know, you can deal with them. 
 RB: It's a tough job, isn't it? 
CA: I mean, it is a tough job. 
RB: I know, I have -- the lawyers say you mustn't do things like that, but -- CA: I mean, speaking of which, tell us about -- RB: "Pammy" we launched, you know -- mistakenly thought we could take on Coca-Cola, and we launched a cola bottle called "The Pammy" and it was shaped a bit like Pamela Anderson. 
RB: Yeah, well, 25 years earlier, we'd launched the Sex Pistols' "God Save The Queen," and I'd certainly never expected that 25 years later -- that she'd actually knight us. 
RB: Philippe has done the -- yeah, quite a bit of it: the logos and he's building the space station in New Mexico. 
Well, I got pulled out of the sea I think six times by helicopters, so -- and each time, I didn't expect to come home to tell the tale. 
CA: Did you jump? Or it came down in the end? 
And cynics might say, you know, this is just a smart business guy doing what it takes to execute his particular style of marketing. 
So you were kind of a -- you were a natural leader, but just a bit of a ... Were you a rebel then, or how would you ... 
RB: Yeah, I think I was a bit of a maverick and -- but I ... And I was, yeah, I was fortunately good at sport, and so at least I had something to excel at, at school. 
I mean, there's a lot of people in the room who are wealthy, and they've got kids, and we've got this dilemma about how you bring them up. 
On the first occasion, for mentioning the word venereal disease in public, which -- we had a center where we would help young people who had problems. 
And there's an ancient law that says you can't actually mention the word venereal disease or print it in public. 
And he asked if I could find a linguistics expert to come up with a different definition of the word bollocks. 
A lot of people would say there's no way that someone could put together this incredible collection of businesses without knifing a few people in the back, you know, doing some ugly things. 
And I think all you have in life is your reputation and it's a very small world. 
RB: Well, there's -- I mean there's a lot of issues. 
I mean global warming certainly is a massive threat to mankind and we are putting a lot of time and energy into, A, trying to come up with alternative fuels and, B, you know, we just launched this prize, which is really a prize in case we don't get an answer on alternative fuels, in case we don't actually manage to get the carbon emissions cut down quickly, and in case we go through the tipping point. 
We need to try to encourage people to come up with a way of extracting carbon out of the Earth's atmosphere. 
Is there a risk that we go to places like Africa and say, we've got to fix this problem and we can do it, I've got all these billions of dollars, you know, da, da, da -- here's the big idea. And kind of take a much more complex situation and actually end up making a mess of it. Do you worry about that? 
For instance, we're setting up clinics in Africa where we're going to be giving free antiretroviral drugs, free TB treatment and free malaria treatment. 
CA: I mean a lot of cynics say about someone like yourself, or Bill Gates, or whatever, that this is really being -- it's almost driven by some sort of desire again, you know, for the right image, for guilt avoidance and not like a real philanthropic instinct. 
I was lucky enough to be completely ignored, which is a fabulous thing, actually, I want to tell you. 
And feminists hated us, and the whole thing was wretched from beginning to end. 
And I -- and my full-time job, I landed the best job on Earth, was to daydream, and to actually come up with absurd ideas that -- fortunately, there were enough people there, and it was a team, it was a collective, it was not just me coming up with crazy ideas. 
So, the good news is that I have a dog and, though I don't know if I believe in luck -- I don't know what I believe in, it's a very complicated question, but I do know that before I go away, I crank his tail seven times. 
So, I get to put in all of the things that I love. 
We hoped we'd be funny, but we didn't know it would be a cover, and we didn't know that that image, at the moment that it happened, would be something that would be so wonderful for a lot of people. 
And so, this is a chart of, you know, just a small chart, because the chart would go on forever of all the people that he killed. 
"Nabokov's family fled Russia. How could the young Nabokov, sitting innocently and elegantly in a red chair, leafing through a book and butterflies, imagine such displacement, such loss?" 
And I really spend a lot of time wondering, how much truth do we tell? 
I'm going to quickly go through this. 
This idea has a lot of traction with us. 
A lot of them are actually pretty good. 
What we really want to do in the end is learn how to program self-assembly so we can build anything, right? 
One approach, the one we use mainly, is to look at patients with sustained damage to a small region of the brain, where there's been a genetic change in a small region of the brain. 
So you can then map function onto structure, and then find out what the circuitry's doing to generate that particular function. 
This is the so-called Oedipus complex of Freud. 
So, to explain this curious disorder, we look at the structure and functions of the normal visual pathways in the brain. 
There are, in fact, 30 areas in the back of your brain concerned with just vision, and after processing all that, the message goes to a small structure called the fusiform gyrus, where you perceive faces. 
 And therefore, he says, "How do I account for this inexplicable lack of emotions? 
Well, what you do is, if you take any one of you here, and put you in front of a screen, and measure your galvanic skin response, and show pictures on the screen, I can measure how you sweat when you see an object, like a table or an umbrella. Of course, you don't sweat. 
OK, how is all this complex circuitry set up in the brain? 
Stroke you normally think of as damage to the fibers, nothing you can do about it. 
So, every brain region is wired to every other region, and these are trimmed down to create the characteristic modular architecture of the adult brain. 
You know, there's a small country nestled in the Himalayan Mountains, far from these beautiful mountains, where the people of the Kingdom of Bhutan have decided to do something different, which is to measure their gross national happiness rather than their gross national product. 
After all, happiness is not just a privilege for the lucky few, but a fundamental human right for all. 
And most of Africa's farmers are, by and large, small farmers in terms of land that they operate, and very, very small farmers in terms of the capital they have at their disposal. 
The small farmer in Africa today lives a life without much choice, and therefore without much freedom. 
I think we're all in this room, probably, because we know that, in fact, Africa is the only region in the world where hunger and malnutrition are projected to go up over the next 10 years, where the food import bill is now double what it was 20 years ago, where food production per capita has stagnated, and where fertilizer use has declined rather than increased. 
Because of this, commodity buyers and sellers typically transact in small circles, in narrow networks of people they know and trust. 
For their part, small farmers, who produce the bulk of our agricultural output in Africa, come to the market with virtually no information at all -- blind -- trusting that they're going to have some sort of demand for their produce, and completely at the mercy of the merchants in the only market, the nearest local market they know -- where they're unable to negotiate better prices or reduce their risk. 
There was a very influential book about that, which was mainly about getting governments out of the market. 
This innovation is at the heart of the transformation of American agriculture, and the rise of Chicago to a global market, agricultural market, superpower from where it was, a small regional town. 
Now, over the last century, we tend to think of commodity exchanges as the purview of Western industrialized countries, and that the reference prices for cotton, coffee, cocoa -- products produced mainly in the south -- are actually a reference price, or a price discovered in these organized commodity exchanges in the northern countries. 
And we're seeing a shift -- powered mainly because of information technology -- a shift in market dominance towards the emerging markets. 
We're not trying to cut and paste the Chicago model or the India model, but creating a system uniquely tailored to Ethiopia's needs and realities, Ethiopia's small farmers. 
So that farmers and small traders can actually come to a terminal center -- what we call the remote access terminal centers -- and actually, without having to buy a computer or figure out how to dial up or any of those things, simply see the trading that's happening on the Addis Ababa trading floor. 
And they come to the market knowing what grades their products will achieve in terms of a price premium. 
We could describe it using modern computer terminology as a kind of read-write culture. 
Now, as you look back at the twentieth century, at least in what we think of as the, quote, "developed world" -- hard not to conclude that Sousa was right. 
But most important was that BMI took public domain works and made arrangements of them, which they gave away for free to their subscribers. So that in 1940, when ASCAP threatened to double their rates, the majority of broadcasters switched to BMI. 
For when you think of what Sousa romanticized in the young people together, singing the songs of the day, of the old songs, you should recognize what your kids are doing right now. 
Now, the balance that I try to fight for, I, as any good liberal, try to fight for first by looking to the government. Total mistake, right? 
Because, as BMI demonstrated, competition here can achieve some form of balance. The same thing can happen now. 
And second, we need the businesses that are building out this read-write culture to embrace this opportunity expressly, to enable it, so that this ecology of free content, or freer content, can grow on a neutral platform where they both exist simultaneously, so that more-free can compete with less-free, and the opportunity to develop the creativity in that competition can teach one the lessons of the other. 
Last time, I talked about death and dying. 
When medicine became somewhat scientific, in about 450 BC, with Hippocrates and those boys, they tried to look for herbs, plants that would literally shake the bad spirits out. 
Can you imagine going to your closet, pulling out a mothball, and chewing on it if you're feeling depressed? 
And then, we fast-forward to about 1932, when three Italian psychiatrists, who were largely treating depression, began to notice among their patients, who were also epileptics, that if they had an epileptic -- a series of epileptic fits, a lot of them in a row -- the depression would very frequently lift. 
So these three psychiatrists, after about two or three weeks of observation, laid him down on a table, connected his temples to a very small source of current. 
Well, they were happy as could be, because he hadn't said a rational word in the weeks of observation. 
It didn't work very well on the schizophrenics, but it was pretty clear in the '30s and by the middle of the '40s that electroconvulsive therapy was very, very effective in the treatment of depression. 
It had to do with death and disease and lots of other things. 
Finally, I would schedule -- all my major surgical cases, I was scheduling them for 12, one o'clock in the afternoon, because I couldn't get out of bed before about 11 o'clock. 
Well, you're in a university medical center, where everybody knows everybody, and it's perfectly clear to my colleagues, so my referrals began to decrease. 
That proved to be a lot of bovine stercus. 
All the senior staff got together, and I later found out what happened. 
It was impossible. So they decided there was no therapy, there was no treatment. But there was one treatment, which actually had been pioneered at the Hartford hospital in the early 1940s, and you can imagine what it was. It was pre-frontal lobotomy. 
So they decided -- I didn't know this, again, I found this out later -- that the only thing that could be done was for this 43-year-old man to have a pre-frontal lobotomy. 
So, I'm not free of all of this. But it's worked. It's always worked. 
Well, those of you who know some of these books know that one is about death and dying, one is about the human body and the human spirit, one is about the way mystical thoughts are constantly in our minds, and they have always to do with my own personal experiences. 
I really have it figured out, so that I can advise people about death and dying, so that I can talk about mysticism and the human spirit. 
I hope it happens to none of you, but it will probably happen to a small percentage of you. 
And for those who are older, who have lived through perhaps not something as bad as this, but who have lived through difficult times, perhaps where they lost everything, as I did, and started out all over again, some of these things will seem very familiar. 
Perhaps the most popular resurrection theme, outside of specifically religious ones, is the one about the phoenix, the ancient story of the phoenix, who, every 500 years, resurrects itself from its own ashes to go on to live a life that is even more beautiful than it was before. Richard, thanks very much. 
If you think of everything in your life that you own, when you walk out that door, what do you consider to take with you? 
And it turns out that people carry a lot of stuff. 
OK, it might seem like an obvious thing for someone who works for a mobile phone company to ask. 
You don't need to ask permission from anyone, you can just go ahead and do it, right? 
It's where you expect to find stuff. 
So, we've been conducting a lot of research. 
Just from a design perspective, we didn't really understand how they did it, and so that's just one small example of the kind of research that we were doing. 
So what I do is, I buy a prepaid card like this. 
And that is that despite all the resources at my disposal, and despite all our kind of apparent sophistication, I know I could never have designed something as elegant and as totally in tune with the local conditions as this. OK? 
I mean, that's buy three, get one free. That kind of thing. 
But what I like about this is, it boils down to someone on the street with a small, flat surface, a screwdriver, a toothbrush for cleaning the contact heads -- because they often get dust on the contact heads -- and knowledge. 
And China is a country where you get a lot of fakes. 
And what I mean by that is, as these become smaller, as the functionality that you can access through this becomes greater -- things like banking, identity -- these things quite simply move very quickly around the world. 
So these are a few images I was lucky to take and be there. 
As a Frenchman, I must say that there are a lot of French intellectuals that think happiness is not at all interesting. 
And someone wrote an article saying, "Don't impose on us the dirty work of happiness." 
The Dalai Lama was once in Portugal, and there was a lot of construction going on everywhere. 
And he said, "[Without] that -- even if you get a high-tech flat on the 100th floor of a super-modern and comfortable building, if you are deeply unhappy within, all you are going to look for is a window from which to jump." 
So now, at the opposite, we know a lot of people who, in very difficult circumstances, manage to keep serenity, inner strength, inner freedom, confidence. 
So what we need to look for now is, instead of looking outward, we look inward. 
So, the interface with cognitive science, since we need to come to that, it was, I suppose, the subject of -- we have to deal in such a short time -- with brain plasticity. 
We think of people suffering, of people we love, but at some point, it can be a state which is all pervading. 
In very short, people who have more activity in the right side of the prefrontal cortex are more depressed, withdrawn. They don't describe a lot of positive affect. 
If you are happy about something, you'll go more to the left side. 
Some meditators, without trying to stop it, but simply by being completely open, thinking that that bang is just going to be a small event like a shooting star, they are able not to move at all. 
Now, compassion is supposed to be put in action. 
Just this one example is worth a lot of work. 
That people have just sort of figured out about it, and now with Kyoto and the Governator and people beginning to actually do something, we may be on the road to a solution. 
So that red line there was something that a lot of skeptics said the environmentalists only put in the projections to make the projections look as bad as possible, that emissions would never grow as fast as that red line. 
So despite all sorts of experts like me flying around the planet and burning jet fuel, and politicians signing treaties -- in fact, you could argue the net effect of all this has been negative, because it's just consumed a lot of jet fuel.  No, no! In terms of what we really need to do to put the brakes on this very high inertial thing -- our big economy -- we've really hardly started. 
Cheap meaning sort of the cost of the military, not the cost of medical care. 
Cheap meaning a few percent of GDP. 
And we could do that by perfectly sensible things like conservation, and wind power, nuclear power and coal to CO2 capture, which are all things that are ready for giant scale deployment, and work. 
All we lack is the action to actually spend the money to put those into place. 
And you need to deal -- somehow break the link between human actions that change climate, and the climate change itself. And that's particularly important because, of course, while we can adapt to climate change -- and it's important to be honest here, there will be some benefits to climate change. 
The big deal was he happened to have won the Nobel prize for ozone chemistry. 
And in fact, he had some ideas to make them go away. 
One of the problems with sulfates is they fall out quickly. 
There are a lot of fun complexities that I'd love to spend the whole evening on, but I won't. 
But it looks like we could achieve long atmospheric lifetimes -- much longer than before -- because they're levitated. 
Whether this idea is right or some other idea is right, I think it's almost certain we will eventually think of cleverer things to do than just putting sulfur in. 
You might imagine that we would fight wars over that box. 
I'll give you two different ways to think about this problem that are the beginning of my thinking about how to think about it. 
It's very cheap. We have a lot of leverage. 
You might argue about the sanity of it, but the leverage is real.  So because of this, we could deal with the problem simply by stopping reducing emissions, and just as the concentrations go up, we can increase the amount of geo-engineering. 
There's a lot of uncertainty about exactly how much climate change is too much. 
A very small amount of money would get us some. 
But I have a lot of reservations. 
Right now we may think of a big, rich country like the U.S. doing this. 
So we've been planting stuff for 11,000 years. And in the measure that we plant stuff, what we learn from agriculture is you've got to deal with pests, you've got to deal with all types of awful things, you've got to cultivate stuff. In the measure that you learn how to use water to cultivate, then you're going to be able to spread beyond the Nile. 
You put together machines and water, and you get landscapes that look like this. And then you get sales that look like this. It's brute force. So what you've been doing in agriculture is you start out with something that's a reasonably natural system. You start taming that natural system. You put a lot of force behind that natural system. You put a whole bunch of pesticides and herbicides --  -- behind that natural system, and you 
end up with systems that look like this. 
grains in a more efficient way and launched the Green Revolution. That is something that a lot of people have criticized. But of course, those are people who don't realize that China and India, instead of having huge amounts of starving people, are exporting grains. 
Basically, you go from 250 hours to produce 100 bushels, to 40, to 15, to five. Agricultural labor productivity increased seven times, 1950 to 2000, whereas the rest of the economy increased about 2.5 times. This is an absolutely massive increase in how much is produced per person. 
Now, the interesting thing about that thesis -- if that thesis turns out to be true -- is that oil, and all hydrocarbons, turned out to be concentrated sunlight. And if you think of bioenergy, bioenergy isn't ethanol. Bioenergy is taking the sun, concentrating it in amoebas, concentrating it in plants, and maybe that's why you get these rainbows. 
Maybe that's one of the reasons why if you fly over west Texas, the types of wells that you're beginning to see don't look unlike those pictures of Kansas and those irrigated plots. 
This is how you farm oil. And as you think of farming oil and how oil has evolved, we started with this brute force approach. And then what did we learn? Then we learned we had to go bigger. And then what'd we learn? Then we have to go even bigger. And we are getting really destructive as we're going out and farming this bioenergy. 
These are the Athabasca tar sands, and there's an enormous amount -- first of mining, the largest trucks in the world are working here, and then you've got to pull out this black sludge, which is basically oil that doesn't flow. It's tied to the sand. And then you've got to use a lot of steam to separate it, which only works at today's oil Coal. Coal turns out to be virtually the same 
Which is curious as we debate all this stuff. But as you think of coal, this is what burned wheat kernels look like. Not entirely unlike coal. 
As you think of what are the alternatives to this system -- it's important to find alternatives because it turns out that the U.S. is dwindling in its petroleum reserves, but it is not dwindling in its coal reserves, nor is China. There are huge coal reserves that are sitting out there, and we've got to start thinking of them as biological energy, because if we keep treating them as chemical energy, or engineering energy, we're 
Gas is a similar issue. Gas is also a biological product. And as you think of gas, well, you're familiar with gas. And here's a different way of mining coal. 
This is a well-known phenomenon.  You eat certain things, you produce a lot of gas. It may turn out that biological processes in coalmines have the same process. If that is true, then one of the ways of getting the energy out of coal may not be to rip whole mountaintops off, and it may not be to burn coal. It may be to have stuff process that coal in a biological fashion as you 
That is what bioenergy is. It is not ethanol. It is not subsidies to a few companies. It is not importing corn into Iowa because you've built so many of these ethanol plants. It is beginning to understand the transition that occurred in agriculture, from brute force into biological force. And in the measure that you can do that, you can clean some stuff, and you can clean it pretty quickly. 
We already have some indicators of productivity on this stuff. OK, if you put steam into coal fields or petroleum fields that have been running for decades, you can get a really substantial increase, like an eight-fold increase, in your output. This is just the beginning stages of this stuff. 
And as you think of biomaterials, this guy -- who did part of the sequencing of the human genome, who just doubled the databases of genes and proteins known on earth by sailing around the world -- has been thinking about how you structure this. And there's a series of smart people thinking about this. And they've been putting together companies like Synthetic Genomics, like, a Cambria, like Codon, and what those companies are 
trying to do is to think of, how do you apply biological principles to avoid brute force? 
Think of it in the following terms. Think of it as beginning to program stuff for specific purposes. 
Think of the cell as a hardware. Think of the genes as a software. And in the measure that you begin to think of life as code that is interchangeable, that can become energy, that can become food, that can become fiber, that can become human beings, that can become a whole series of things, then you've got to shift your approach as to how you're going to structure and deal and think about energy in a very different 
What is this? This is the first transplant of naked DNA, where you take an entire DNA operating system out of one cell, insert it into a different cell, and have that cell boot up as a separate species. That's one month old. You will see stuff in the next month that will be just as important as this stuff. 
Now, if you can take part of the energy content out of doing this, you reduce the system, and you really do start applying biological principles to energy. This has to be a bridge to the point where you can get to wind, to the point where you can get to solar, to the point where you can get to nuclear -- and hopefully you won't build the next nuclear plant on a beautiful seashore next to an 
How we deal with that other portion is our bridge to the future. And as we think of this bridge to the future, one of the things you should ponder is: we are leaving about two-thirds of the oil today inside those wells. So we're spending an enormous amount of money and leaving most of the energy down there. Which, of course, requires more energy to go out and get energy. The ratios become 
This is a very bad system because what happens is your hurdle rate gets set very low. People come up with really smart ideas for solar panels, or for wind, or for something else, and then guess what? 
What does that do for entrepreneurs? What does it do for companies? It tells people, if you can produce energy for less than 35 bucks a barrel, or less than 40 bucks a barrel, or less than 50 bucks a barrel -- let's debate it -- you will have a business. But let's not put people through this cycle where it doesn't pay to research because your company will go out of business as OPEC 
We know a lot about four forces. There must be a lot more, but those are at very, very small distances, and we haven't really interacted with them very much yet. 
DC Miller. What about that?" And he would say, "Aw, that'll go away."  Now, why does stuff like that work? That's the question. 
I'll try to make that clear -- partially clear. 
And when the mathematics is very simple -- when in terms of some mathematical notation, you can write the theory in a very brief space, without a lot of complication -- that's essentially what we mean by beauty or elegance. 
And he said, here, "It is the business of natural philosophy to find out those laws." 
And I won't go into a lot of stuff about quantum mechanics and what it's like, and so on. 
You've heard a lot of wrong things about it anyway.  There are even movies about it with a lot of wrong stuff. 
And in a lot of familiar cases, they of course are. 
And so what happens is that the new phenomena, the new skins, the inner skins of the slightly smaller skins of the onion that we get to, resemble the slightly larger ones. 
There's the story, which is not absolutely certain to be right, but a lot of people told it. 
So he said that this principle of nature, consonance: "This principle of nature being very remote from the conceptions of philosophers, I forbore to describe it in that book, lest I should be accounted an extravagant freak ... " That's what we all have to watch out for,  especially at this meeting. 
I say here that Newton did a lot of things that year: gravity, the laws of motion, the calculus, white light composed of all the colors of the rainbow. 
Life can emerge from physics and chemistry, plus a lot of accidents. 
The human mind can arise from neurobiology and a lot of accidents, the way the chemical bond arises from physics and certain accidents. 
Anyway, there isn't.  You don't need something more to explain something more. 
I want you to imagine that you're a student in my lab. 
So please send me your ideas about how to design a foot. 
As you see this clip, look for principles, and also think about experiments that you might design in order to understand how a foot works. 
Watch where the robot, now, contacts its leg in order to deal with this very difficult terrain. 
Maybe we could give it to our curator and see if he'd be brave enough to touch the cockroach. 
But of course, we can deal with that because we can produce artificial spines. 
It's actually functioning as a paddle even though it's interacting with a surface that we normally think of as a solid. 
So it's pretty tough to do. 
This has inspired the design of the first self-cleaning dry adhesive -- the patent issued, we're happy to say. 
You could think of a thousand possible uses, I'm sure. 
I think this is an extraordinary example of how curiosity-based research -- we just wondered how they climbed up something -- can lead to things that you could never imagine. 
You have the audio? You can hear it go up. 
And so they were able to get this thing -- this is now sped up 20 times -- can you imagine it trying to go up and rescue somebody at that upper floor? OK? 
We've learned we should distribute control to smart parts. 
So there's a clear message: whether you care about a fundamental, basic research of really interesting, bizarre, wonderful animals, or you want to build a search-and-rescue robot that can help you in an earthquake, or to save someone in a fire, or you care about medicine, we must preserve nature's designs. 
When somebody comes to me and ask for what I am known, I mean, yes, lemon squeezer, toilet brush, toothpick, beautiful toilet seats, and why not -- a toothbrush? 
And before, there was this soup, called "soupe primordiale," this first soup -- bloop bloop bloop -- sort of dirty mud, no life, nothing. 
I can explain you. I shall try. 
Because at the vertical of us, if you look like that, "Ah! my God, there is God. Ah! God!" 
If you look like that, you look to the past, or you look inside if you are very flexible, inside yourself. 
That means, we can imagine -- I don't say it was fantastic, but in the '80s, there was not too much war, like that, it was -- we can imagine that the civilization can become civilized. 
And when you don't understand really what's happened, you cannot go and fight and work and build and things like that. 
If you take your thumb and your index finger and look right where they meet -- go ahead and do that now -- -- and relax your hand, you'll see a crinkle, and then a wrinkle within the crinkle, and a crinkle within the wrinkle. Right? 
And as you go through the path, you have to get more and more polite. 
So I tried to come up with a seed shape, which, upon iteration, would unfold into this thing. 
Here's an aerial photograph of one of the Anasazi ruins; you can see it's circular at the largest scale, but it's rectangular at the smaller scale, right? 
But they do it recursively, and they do it with an age-grade system, so the little kids learn this one, and then the older kids learn this one, then the next age-grade initiation, you learn this one. 
But it takes a lot of time, and it takes a lot of straw because they're really tight." 
The most complex example of an algorithmic approach to fractals that I found was actually not in geometry, it was in a symbolic code, and this was Bamana sand divination. 
And finally, out of desperation, I said, "Well, let me explain Georg Cantor in 1877." 
It's addition modulo 2, just like in the parity bit check on your computer. 
We got a small seed grant, just to see if folks would be willing to work with us on this; we're very excited about the future possibilities for that. 
I didn't put his name up here -- my colleague, Kerry, in Kenya, has come up with this great idea for using fractal structure for postal address in villages that have fractal structure, because if you try to impose a grid structure postal system on a fractal village, it doesn't quite fit. 
And finally, I just wanted to point out that this idea of self-organization, as we heard earlier, it's in the brain. 
Raise your hand. Did your hand go up? 
Would the four of you please bring out your calculators, then join me up on stage. 
Of course, I could just make up an answer and you wouldn't know, so I come prepared for that. 
I know as a magician we're not supposed to reveal our secrets, but I'm not too afraid that people are going to start doing my show next week, so -- I think we're OK. 
Call out a single digit -- that will be the five-digit number that I will try to square, go ahead. 
Let me explain to you how I'm going to attempt this problem. 
While I explain something else -- -- I know, that you can use, right? 
Let me explain what that is. 
I store them as words, and later on retrieve them as numbers. 
What turned out to determine whether someone would stop and help a stranger in need was how much of a hurry they thought they were in -- were they feeling they were late, or were they absorbed in what they were going to talk about. 
I was doing my taxes the other day, and I got to the point where I was listing all of the donations I gave, and I had an epiphany, it was -- I came to my check to the Seva Foundation and I noticed that I thought, boy, my friend Larry Brilliant would really be happy that I gave money to Seva. 
 Now this is a -- it's a little test I encourage you to try out at a party. 
Right now, as Bill McDonough has pointed out, the objects that we buy and use have hidden consequences. 
Or we don't know if that fabric is a technological or manufacturing nutrient; it can be reused or does it just end up at landfill? In other words, we're oblivious to the ecological and public health and social and economic justice consequences of the things we buy and use. 
And because my urban trance had been somehow weakened, I found myself stopping to find out what was wrong. 
If a fraction of this powerful TED audience could be inspired to buy a beautiful paper -- John, it'll be a recycled one -- and write a beautiful letter to someone they love, we actually may start a revolution where our children may go to penmanship classes. 
And those linguists, please pardon the grammar, because I've not looked at it in the last 10 years. 
"Picture in a frame, ashes in a bottle, boundless energy confined in the bottle, forcing me to deal with reality, forcing me to deal with being grown up. 
It's a summer program which aims to help kids learn how to build the things that they think of. 
So we build a lot of things, and I do put power tools into the hands of second-graders. 
There doesn't seem to be any limit on how crazy child safety regulations can get. 
And we seem to think that any item sharper than a golf ball is too sharp for children under the age of 10. So where does this trend stop? 
When we round every corner and eliminate every sharp object, every pokey bit in the world, then the first time that kids come in contact with anything sharp, or not made out of round plastic, they'll hurt themselves with it. 
And you can think of the open-pit fire as a laboratory. 
Let them fool around with it on their own terms and trust me, they're going to learn things that you can't get out of playing with Dora the Explorer toys. 
Next time you're about to throw out an appliance, don't throw it out. Take it apart with your kid, or send him to my school, and we'll take it apart with them. 
Even if you don't know what the parts are, puzzling out what they might be for is a really good practice for the kids to get sort of the sense that they can take things apart, and no matter how complex they are, they can understand parts of them. 
So these black boxes that we live with and take for granted are actually complex things made by other people, and you can understand them. 
It's a very simple exercise: Buy a song on iTunes, write it to a CD, then rip the CD to an MP3, and play it on your very same computer. 
Find a big empty lot, make sure there's nothing in it, and that it's on private property, and let them drive your car. 
And so does your [bleep]. These days, with a hair-free back, well-groomed shoulders and an extra optical inch on my [bleep], well, let's just say life has gotten pretty darn cozy. 
 So, there you have some free advice from one of the most beautiful women on earth. 
We can call this place in Congo a death camp, because those who are not killed will die of disease or starvation. 
 I would soon find out that there was a high price to pay for my freedom, and for questioning the patriarchy. 
But I was happy to pay it, because for every blow that I received, I was able to deliver two. 
Feminism has never been sexy, but let me assure you that it never stopped me from flirting, and I have seldom suffered from lack of men. 
The place is a small women's clinic in a village in Bangladesh. 
Jenny has a brave and passionate heart. 
In any war today, most of the casualties are civilians, mainly women and children. They are collateral damage. 
Dr. Edith Widder -- she's now at the Ocean Research and Conservation Association -- was able to come up with a camera that could capture some of these incredible animals, and that's what you're seeing here on the screen. 
And a lot of what goes on inside -- There's a fish with glowing eyes, pulsating eyes. 
Already we've found the world's highest mountains, the world's deepest valleys, underwater lakes, underwater waterfalls -- a lot of that we shared with you from the stage. 
There's still 97 percent, and either that 97 percent is empty or just full of surprises. 
Once again, they're smart enough, these cephalopods; they know not to hurt each other. 
This guy can make himself look like a rock, and, looking at his environment, can actually slide across the bottom, using the waves and the shadows so he can't be seen. 
I think of heaven as a really comfortable cloud where I can just lie down with my belly down, like I was watching TV when I was a child, and my elbows up. 
And I basically live my life in sort of a trance, and I look around and everything I see is just the beginning of a long story. 
We were in Queens, we were building the big, big, big, big building in Midtown, so we were in the small, small, small boondocks. 
And so I start thinking -- Max Miedinger and all those Swiss designers together, trying to outdo Akzidenz-Grotesk, and come up with a new sans-serif typeface -- and the movie starts playing in my head already. 
The exhibition was meant to be a way to have children think of doing ... 
And a lot of nationalism came in. 
So, think of your own, send them on if you want to -- they're always welcome. 
It's really interesting: what many people think when I say the word "design" is they think of this kind of overdesigned -- in this case, it's overdesigned on purpose, but -- decoration, interior decoration. 
They think of somebody choosing fabrics. 
What I've been doing at MoMA since the beginning is to try to harness the power of MoMA because it's great to work there. You really have power in that people usually tend to know about your exhibition or see the exhibitions, and that is power because in a design museum I wouldn't have as many visitors. 
There were a lot of programs in architecture and design that were about pointing people in the direction of a better design for a better life. 
And that put me in touch with such diverse design examples as the aerogels from the Lawrence Livermore Lab in California; at that time, they were beginning to be brought into the civilian market. 
So, Safe is the last exhibition that I did at MoMA and it ended at the beginning of last year. 
And then when 9/11 happened, I had a shock and I canceled the exhibition until, slowly but surely, it came back -- as a half-full glass instead of half-empty -- and it was about protection and safety. 
I want to make this point by showing you two examples of design coming from a sense of economy -- very, very clear limits. 
So they're quite beautiful, but they're beautiful because they're so smart and economical. 
Many years ago I heard a mathematician from Vienna, whose name was Marchetti, explain how the innovation in the military industry -- therefore, secret innovation -- and the innovation in the civilian society are two sinusoids that are kind of opposed. 
For instance, this is a beautiful container for asthma medicine that kind of inflates itself when it's time for you to take the medicine, so the child has to go -- pffff! -- to release and relieve the container itself. 
But design and science and the possibility of visualizing different scales, and therefore, really work at the scale of the very small to make it very big and very meaningful. 
Maybe it's because my native state of South Carolina, which is not much smaller than present-day Hungary, once imagined a future for itself as an independent country. 
Or maybe it's because when I was a teenager back in the '50s, my uncle Henry -- having denounced the Ku Klux Klan and been bombed for his trouble and had crosses burned in his yard, living under death threat -- took his wife and children to Massachusetts for safety and went back to South Carolina to face down the Klan alone. 
Well, it seems to me that this Hungarian presence in my life is difficult to account for, but ultimately I ascribe it to an admiration for people with a complex moral awareness, with a heritage of guilt and defeat matched by defiance and bravado. 
He had been born in 1903 in the provinces of the old Austro-Hungarian Empire, in what later would become Yugoslavia. 
He went to the commercial business high school as a young man in Budapest, and there he was as smart as he was modest and he enjoyed a considerable success. And after graduation when he went into textile engineering, the success continued. 
And then one day, it happened: he and his family were arrested and they were taken to a death house on the Danube. 
In those early days of the Final Solution, it was handcrafted brutality; people were beaten to death and their bodies tossed into the river. 
But none who entered that death house had ever come out alive. 
"Good. Buy us some land in Kings Mountain and announce we are going to build a major plant there." 
The white mayor visited Mr. Teszler and said, "Mr. Teszler, I trust you’re going to be hiring a lot of white workers." 
And two months later when the main plant opened and hundreds of new workers, white and black, poured in to see the facility for the first time, they were met by the 16 foremen, white and black, standing shoulder to shoulder. 
partly because at that point he had already taken all of the courses in the catalog, but mainly because he was so conspicuously wiser than any one of us. 
As the medieval knight Antonius Block returns from the wild goose chase of the Crusades and arrives on the rocky shore of Sweden, only to find the specter of death waiting for him, Mr. Teszler sat in the dark with his fellow students. And as death opened his cloak to embrace the knight in a ghastly embrace, I heard Mr. Teszler's tremulous voice: "Uh oh," he said, "This doesn't look so good."  
And clearly this composition is his final statement to her -- it was first performed after his death -- and through her to the world. 
It was only after Mr. Teszler's death that I learned that the marker on the grave of Bela Bartok in Hartsdale, New York was paid for by Sandor Teszler. "Jó napot, Bela!" 
Not long before Mr. Teszler’s own death at the age of 97, he heard me hold forth on human iniquity. 
He's also a prodigious art collector, beginning as an intern in Budapest by collecting 16th- and 17th-century Dutch art and Hungarian painting, and when he came to this country moving on to Spanish colonial art, Russian icons and finally Mayan ceramics. 
And it lay precisely in that insatiable curiosity, that irrepressible desire to know, no matter what the subject, no matter what the cost, even at a time when the keepers of the Doomsday Clock are willing to bet even money that the human race won't be around to imagine anything in the year 2100, a scant 93 years from now. 
The whole story really starts with me as a high school kid in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in a tough neighborhood that everybody gave up on for dead. 
And Mr. Ross said, "You're too smart to die and I don't want it on my conscience, so I'm leaving this school and I'm taking you with me." 
Well, we don't make any steel anymore, and the people who used to make the steel are having a very tough time of it. 
Built in a tough neighborhood where people have been given up for dead. 
My view is that if you want to involve yourself in the life of people who have been given up on, you have to look like the solution and not the problem. 
You don't need a task force or a study group to buy flowers for your kids. 
I couldn't buy a parent 15 years ago so I hired a guy who got off on the Jesus big time. 
At the last show that we did, 200 parents showed up and we didn't pick up one parent. 
And I stood on that stage with Dizzy Gillespie on sound check on a Wednesday afternoon, and I said, "Dizzy, why would you come to a black-run center in the middle of an industrial park with a high crime rate that doesn't even have a reputation in music?" 
And I can now tell you with absolute certainty that an appearance on Oprah Winfrey will sell 10,000 CDs. 
I had a chance to buy this whole industrial park -- which is less than 1,000 feet from the riverfront -- for four million dollars and I didn't do it. 
And I said, "If I can follow that music, I'll get out into the sunlight and I'll be OK. 
And I'm tired of living like this, going into town after town with people standing around on corners with holes where eyes used to be, their spirits damaged. 
In Pennsylvania it costs 60,000 dollars to keep people in jail, most of whom look like me. 
And thanks for listening to what I had to say. 
There was a sort of a standstill in Britain the moment of her death, and people decided to mourn her death in a sort of mass way. 
The press wrote about her death in rather, I felt, pornographic ways -- like, "Which bit of artery left which bit of body?" 
In England there's an expression: "you can't imagine the Queen on the loo." 
All this imagery was creating a lot of fuss and I was cited as a disgusting artist. The press were writing about this, giving full pages about how terrible this was. 
There's me as Diana -- I look like the mass murderer Myra Hindley, I think, in this one. . 
It was a bit of a road stopper, which was problematic because the police kept on trying to clear away the crowds, but huge fun -- it was great for me to do a performance. 
And I think it doesn't really matter that my work is considered humorous, in a way; I think it's a way in for me to deal with the importance of imagery and how we read all our information through imagery. 
What Jack Nicholson might be up to in his celebrity life, and the fact that he tried to ... he had a bit of road rage and golf-clubbed a driver the other day. 
I thought the little graph of my business life that kind of looked a bit like Moore's Law -- ever upward and to the right -- it was going to go on forever. 
It took eight years of blood, sweat and tears to reach 350 employees, something which I was very proud of in the business. 
And worse than that, far worse than that, my sense of self-worth was kind of evaporating. 
Well, in the end, we were able to save Future and Snowball, but I was, at that point, ready to move on. 
And the reason I'm telling this story is that I believe, from many conversations, that a lot of people in this room have been through a similar kind of rollercoaster -- emotional rollercoaster -- in the last couple years. 
You can view it in sort of geopolitical terms and say, why is it that a billion people on this planet are so desperately needy that they have no possibility of happiness, and whereas almost all the rest of them, regardless of how much money they have -- whether it's two dollars a day or whatever -- are almost equally happy on average? 
There's a year to do this, and already -- I hope to show you a bit later -- there's 25 or so terrific speakers signed up for next year. 
One is how we need to use market-based pricing to affect demand and use wireless technologies to dramatically reduce our emissions in the transportation sector. 
Not only do I have a fleet of cars available to me in seven cities around the world that I can have at my beck and call, or deal with the repair or have anything to do with it. 
If I'm going to go buy some ice cream, do I really want to spend eight dollars to go buy the ice cream? Or maybe I'll do without. 
The demand for parking, of course, is down, congestion and the CO2 emissions. 
In London, the day they turned the congestion pricing on, there was a 25 percent decrease in congestion overnight, and that's persisted for the four years in which they've been doing congestion pricing. 
You'll be hearing later today from Alan Kay. 
They mesh-enabled 300 buses and they speak to these smart terminals. 
You can look at the terminal and be able to see precisely where your bus is on the street and when it's coming, and you can buy your tickets in real time. 
So you know, when you stick this idea ...  where would we expect me, Robin Chase, to be thinking is imagine if we put a mesh-network device in every single car across America. 
We could have a coast-to-coast, free wireless communication system. 
When I went this morning to Larry Brilliant's TEDTalk prize -- his fabulous networks -- imagine if there was an open-source mesh communications device that can be put into those networks, to make all that happen. 
And on the other hand, Accordion, the friendly bus, he carries 300 people -- 275 in Sweden; 300 Brazilians.  Speaking about the design: every city has its own design. 
I'll speak on this later on. 
I'm working in a museum and also a multi-use city, because you cannot have empty places during 18 hours a day. 
And this is an acupuncture note -- or I.M. Pei's. Some small ones can make the city better. 
The smallest park in New York, the most beautiful: 32 meters. 
Like a lot of my ideas, like a lot of the tools I use, I found it in the garden; I'm a very devoted gardener. 
And one of the things I really like about gardening is that it doesn't take all your concentration, you really can't get hurt -- it's not like woodworking -- and you have plenty of kind of mental space for speculation. 
And I realized we actually had quite a bit in common: both of us were disseminating the genes of one species and not another, and both of us -- probably, if I can imagine the bee's point of view -- thought we were calling the shots. 
And I realized that in the same way you can look at a flower and deduce all sorts of interesting things about the taste and the desires of bees -- that they like sweetness, that they like this color and not that color, that they like symmetry -- what could we find out about ourselves by doing the same thing? 
So, let me go through what you gain when you look at the world this way, besides some entertaining insights about human desire. 
Ugh. Mini-Me.  We have this intellectual, this Darwinian revolution in which, thanks to Darwin, we figured out we are just one species among many; evolution is working on us the same way it's working on all the others; we are acted upon as well as acting; we are really in the fiber, the fabric of life. 
Looking at the world from other species' points of view is a cure for the disease of human self-importance. 
And this is a lot more than growing food, as you'll see; this is a different way to think about nature and a way to get away from the zero-sum notion, the Cartesian idea that either nature's winning or we're winning, and that for us to get what we want, nature is diminished. 
The only technology involved here is this cheap electric fencing: relatively new, hooked to a car battery; even I could carry a quarter-acre paddock, set it up in 15 minutes. 
He tows this into the paddock three days later and opens the gangplank, turns them down, and 350 hens come streaming down the gangplank -- clucking, gossiping as chickens will -- and they make a beeline for the cow patties. 
So when they lose a lot of leaf mass, they shed roots; they kind of cauterize them and the roots die. 
There are a lot of farmers doing this today. 
And what it tells you is that if you begin to take account of other species, take account of the soil, that even with nothing more than this perspectival idea -- because there is no technology involved here except for those fences, which are so cheap they could be all over Africa in no time -- that we can take the food we need from the Earth and actually heal the Earth in the process. 
Sometimes I make a lot of drawings and I still don't understand what it is I'm drawing. 
I was lucky enough to spend my last year, my fifth year, in Rome as a student. It changed my life. 
I've made a lot of drawings of Rome over the years. 
Part of the reason I'm showing you these is that it sort of helps illustrate this process I go through of trying to figure out what it is I feel about Rome and why I feel it. 
That amazing juxtaposition of old and new, the bits of light that come down between the buildings that sort of create a map that's traveling above your head of usually blue -- especially in the summer -- compared to the map that you would normally expect to see of conventional streets. 
That seemed like a sort of a cheap shot. 
Eventually, I realized that I had really no content that I could count on, so I decided to move towards packaging.  I mean, it seems to work for a lot of things. 
So I thought a little box set of four small books might do the trick. 
Not that you know how long number 11 actually is, but you would be able to compare number 11 against the Pantheon with number 11 against the Baths of Caracalla, and so on and so forth. If you were interested. 
This is Beatrix. She has a dog named Ajax, she has purchased a dirigible -- a small dirigible -- she's assembling the structure, Ajax is sniffing for holes in the balloon before they set off. 
Notices a lot of activity at the Tre Scalini restaurant, is reminded that it is lunchtime and she's hungry. 
They keep on motoring towards the Campo de' Fiori, which they soon reach. Ajax the dog is put in a basket and lowered with a list of food into the marketplace, which flourishes there until about one in the afternoon, and then is completely removed and doesn't appear again until six or seven the following morning. 
They eventually discover a huge wall that's filled with small holes, ideal for docking a dirigible because you've got a place to tie up. 
He goes down to the basement and starts to check the wiring, and then gradually works his way up to the top of the building, apartment by apartment, checking every television, checking every connection, hoping to find out what this problem is. 
He works his way up, finally, the grand staircase and then a smaller staircase until he reaches the attic. 
That was the first attempt, but it didn't seem substantial enough to convey whatever it was I wanted to convey about Rome. 
Now that's one drawing, so I thought maybe it's time for Piranesi to meet Escher.  You see that I'm beginning to really lose control here and also hope. 
I mean, you always peel one layer off another; we think of them as pages, doing it a certain way. 
But think of them as layers. I mean, Rome is a place of layers -- horizontal layers, vertical layers -- and I thought, well just peeling off a page would allow me to -- if I got you thinking about it the right way -- would allow me to sort of show you the depth of layers. 
You can see that in 1635, it became essential to make smaller windows because the bad guys were coming or whatever. 
So I went back to the notion of story, which is always a good thing to have if you're trying to get people to pay attention to a book and pick up information along the way. 
So it's a homeless pigeon now and it's going to have to find another place to live, and that allows me to go through my catalog of favorite things, and we start with the tall ones and so on. 
So I kind of came up with this old guy who spends his life looking after sick pigeons. 
But unfortunately he gets sick. He gets really sick at the end of the story. 
So anyway, I went through ... And again, if packaging doesn't work and if the stories aren't going anywhere, I just come up with titles and hope that a title will sort of kick me off in the right direction. 
Past the Pyramid of Cestius -- these will seem very familiar to you, even if you haven't been to Rome recently -- past the gatehouse. 
But I think we can see the very beginnings of a new story beginning to emerge. 
It's a narrative spread across a number of different disciplines, in which cooperation, collective action and complex interdependencies play a more important role. 
Humans have lived for much, much longer than the approximately 10,000 years of settled agricultural civilization in small family groups. Nomadic hunters bring down rabbits, gathering food. 
And again, we have no way of knowing, but it's clear that a new form of wealth must have emerged. 
If you have more questions about it, ask Kevin Kelly later.  The prisoner's dilemma is actually a story that's overlaid on a mathematical matrix that came out of the game theory in the early years of thinking about nuclear war: two players who couldn't trust each other. 
And she discovered, I think most interestingly, that among those institutions that worked, there were a number of common design principles, and those principles seem to be missing from those institutions that don't work. 
Wikipedia has used thousands of volunteers to create a free encyclopedia with a million and a half articles in 200 languages in just a couple of years. 
In the U.S., in the Philippines, in Kenya, around the world, citizens have self-organized political protests and get out the vote campaigns using mobile devices and SMS. 
You must fight anyone who encroaches upon it. 
I was in Sri Lanka, for example, three days after the tsunami, and I was standing on the beaches and it was absolutely clear that, in a matter of five minutes, a 30-foot wave could rise up and desecrate a people, a population and lives. 
It gets easier to hurt people because you do not feel what's inside them. 
In six years, I've had the extraordinary privilege through V-Day, a global movement against [violence against] women, to travel probably to 60 countries, and spend a great deal of time in different portions. 
 Now this seems like a fairly, you know, frivolous, but what happened as a result of that, is that that school now is forming a sex education class. It's beginning to talk about sex, it's beginning to look at why it would be wrong for a young high school girl to talk about her vagina publicly or to say that she loved her vagina publicly. 
Because when you spend a lot of time going from place to place, country to country, and city to city, the degree to which women, for example, are violated, and the epidemic of it, and the kind of ordinariness of it, is so devastating to one's soul that you have to take the time, or I have to take the time now, to process that. 
CA: There are a lot of causes out there in the world that have been talked about, you know, poverty, sickness and so on. You spent eight years on this one. 
  Sometimes I startle myself: I'll forget that I have it on, and I'll lean over to pick up something, and then it goes like --  -- "Oh!" 
  So, I'm trying to think of some of the questions that are commonly asked; there are so many. 
And a lot of times, even kids nowadays, they'll make reference to a theremin by going, "Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo," because in the '50s it was used in the sci-fi horror movies, that sound that's like ...   It's kind of a funny, goofy sound to do. 
 I think of it almost like like a yoga instrument because it makes you so aware of every little crazy thing your body is doing, or just aware of what you don't want it to be doing while you're playing; you don't want to have any sudden movements. 
And there were all kinds of exciting features: you could come in through the landside buildings, walk through the galleries into playgrounds in the landscape. 
If you were cheap you could walk on top of a bridge to the roof, peek in the exhibits and then get totally seduced, come back and pay the five dollars admission. 
 And the client was happy -- well, sort of happy because we were four million dollars over the budget, but essentially happy. 
I worked on it for months and I couldn't deal with it because I felt people were coming out of the historic museum, they are totally saturated with information and to see yet another museum with information, it would make them just unable to digest. 
There is a single candle flickering in the center; by an arrangement of reflective glasses, it reflects into infinity in all directions. 
And they shelved the project. And it sat there for 10 years, and then one day Abe Spiegel from Los Angeles, who had lost his three-year-old son at Auschwitz, came, saw the model, wrote the check and it got built 10 years later. 
The pilgrims come here by the hundreds of thousands -- they're not going to get in trucks and buses and go down there. 
And Yad Vashem needs to deal with three million visitors a year at this point. 
That too was a competition, and it is something I'm just beginning to work on. 
And that was a lot of heat to deal with. 
And every time, I kept going back home, listening to their problems -- sick people, people with no water, all this stuff -- every time I go back to America, I kept thinking about them. 
This specific tribe was really afraid of this other Luhya tribe. 
This was a project to build a 4,000-ton nuclear bomb-propelled spaceship and go to Saturn and Jupiter. 
And one of the people who worked on it at the beginning was my father, Freeman, there in the middle. 
I didn't like nuclear bomb-propelled spaceships. 
The people who worked on it were a lot of the Los Alamos people who had done the hydrogen bomb work. 
These are five-kiloton yield bombs, about the size of small Volkswagens; it would take 800 to get into orbit. 
So you're sending the energy of a nuclear explosion -- not like just a stick of dynamite, but you're directing it at the ship. 
The Air Force started to build smaller models and actually started doing this. 
So, they had a lot of fun doing this. 
So, thanks to him. 
♫ the one-woman shows, I even rented "Pat." ♫ ♫ I got enough nerve to come up to you, ♫ ♫ but little did I know one year later we'd be doing this show. ♫ ♫ I sing. Julia Sweeney: I tell stories. Together: The Jill and Julia Show. ♫ ♫ Sobule: Sometimes it works. Sweeney: Sometimes it doesn't. ♫ ♫ Together: The Jill and Julia Show. ♫ ♫ Sweeney: At a conference in Monterey next to the big, big jellyfish tank, ♫ 
  And little did I know that one year later ... ♫ we'd be doing this show. ♫ ♫ Sobule: I sing. Sweeney: I tell stories. Together: The Jill and Julia Show. ♫ Sobule: Hey, they asked us back! Sweeney: Can you stand it?! 
It makes "The DaVinci Code" seem like "War and Peace." 
And all I'm saying is that I really wish that Murray Gell-Mann would go on Oprah and just explain to her that the law of attraction is, in fact, not a law. 
Dan Holzman: Please throw out the beanbag chairs. Here we go. 
BF: Shut up.  DH: And this is a small excerpt from a longer piece. 
DH: Please stand up, Richard.  Oh, sorry.  DH: Now Richard, please ...  BF: OK, sorry. 
DH: Jesus Christ. Richard, please stand in front of me. 
DH: All right, please stand here in front ... 
DH: Please hold my wrist, will you. BF: Yeah, hold this a minute. 
DH: All right, we'll do this trick, but please remember it took us over 10 years to perfect. 
DH: Will someone please throw a small farm animal up onto the stage? 
DH: Do you have a small farm animal? 
DH: May we have our jumping music please?  May we have it a bit louder? 
Do you want to buy a vowel, Barry? 
 DH: Please, please stay seated. Stay seated. Thank you. 
And thanks to the creators of the WorldWide Telescope, we can now start to have a dialogue with the universe. 
So, Microsoft -- this is a project that -- WorldWide Telescope is dedicated to Jim Gray, who's our colleague, and a lot of his work that he did is really what makes this project possible. 
It's a labor of love for us and our small team, and we really hope it will inspire kids to explore and learn about the universe. 
It'll be a free download -- thank you, Craig Mundie -- and it'll be available at the website WorldWideTelescope.org, which is something new. 
The best A.I. in the planet would find it complex and confusing, and my little dog Watson would find it simple and understandable but would miss the point. 
We can think of ourselves as kind of a noisy channel. 
The way I think of it is, we can't learn to see until we admit we're blind. 
So one of the things that goes from simple to complex is when we do more. We like more. 
If we do more in a kind of a stupid way, the simplicity gets complex and, in fact, we can keep on doing it for a very long time. 
Those three things give rise to all the different levels of what seem to be complexity in our world. 
So, when I saw Roslings' Gapminder stuff a few years ago, I just thought it was the greatest thing I'd seen in conveying complex ideas simply. 
And I put some effort in to try and check to see how well these simple portrayals of trends over time actually matched up with some ideas and investigations from the side, and I found that they matched up very well. 
Not because it wasn't beautiful or anything, but because it misses the thing that most students fail to understand about molecular biology, and that is: why is there any probability at all of two complex shapes finding each other just the right way so they combine together and be catalyzed? 
That's kind of an invitation to pick up this name of those numbers coming out there and to just drop it into the script here, and now I can steer the car with the steering wheel. 
And what if I do this progression that the six-year-olds did of saying, "OK, I'm going to increase the speed by two each time, and then I'm going to increase the distance by the speed each time? 
So when the children see this, they say, "Ah! Acceleration," remembering back four months when they did their cars sideways, and they start measuring to find out what kind of acceleration it is. 
So what I'm doing is measuring from the bottom of one image to the bottom of the next image, about a fifth of a second later, like that. And they're getting faster and faster each time, and if I stack these guys up, then we see the differences; the increase in the speed is constant. 
So you can't tell much from just making the ball drop there, but if we drop the ball and run the movie at the same time, we can see that we have come up with an accurate physical model. 
So once you have gravity, here's this -- increase the speed by something, increase the ship's speed. 
I guess the best way to end this is with two quotes: Marshall McLuhan said, "Children are the messages that we send to the future," but in fact, if you think of it, children are the future we send to the future. 
So there was a lot of meaning in my life because I was performing this type of research during the day, but then in the evenings and on the weekends, I traveled as an advocate for NAMI, the National Alliance on Mental Illness. 
Because they process information differently, each of our hemispheres think about different things, they care about different things, and, dare I say, they have very different personalities. 
And I'm jamming away on this thing, and I'm realizing that my hands look like primitive claws grasping onto the bar. And I thought, "That's very peculiar." 
And at first I was shocked to find myself inside of a silent mind. 
But then I immediately drifted right back out into the consciousness -- and I affectionately refer to this space as La La Land. 
And imagine all of the relationships in the external world and any stressors related to any of those -- they were gone. 
And imagine what it would feel like to lose 37 years of emotional baggage! 
So I get out of the shower and I mechanically dress and I'm walking around my apartment, and I'm thinking, "I've got to get to work. Can I drive?" 
And so I say to him -- clear in my mind, I say to him: "This is Jill! I need help!" 
When I woke later that afternoon, I was shocked to discover that I was still alive. 
I am the life-force power of the 50 trillion beautiful molecular geniuses that make up my form, Or, I can choose to step into the consciousness of my left hemisphere, where I become a single individual, a solid. 
In this rather long sort of marathon presentation, I've tried to break it up into three parts: the first being a whole lot of examples on how it can be a little bit more pleasurable to deal with a computer and really address the qualities of the human interface. 
Again, I will go through them as fast as possible. 
Let me talk about how you might input information. 
It's certainly a very important medium for input, and a lot of people think that fingers are a very low-resolution sort of stylus for inputting to a display. 
Well, the one advantage is that you don't have to pick them up, and people don't realize how important that is -- not having to pick up your fingers to use them.  When you think for a second of the mouse on Macintosh -- and I will not criticize the mouse too much -- when you're typing -- what you have -- you want to now put something -- first of all, you've got to find the mouse. 
Now, imagine a screen, which is not only touch-sensitive now, it's pressure-sensitive. 
And it's pressure-sensitive to the forces both in the plane of the screen -- X, Y, and Z at least in one direction; we couldn't figure out how to come in the other direction. 
So all we have is this record.  But imagine that screen having lots of objects on it and the person has touched an object -- one of N -- like he did there, and then pushed on it. 
Now, imagine a program where some of those objects are physically heavy and some are light: one is an anvil on a fuzzy rug and the other one is a ping-pong ball on a sheet of glass. 
And then for a real beginner, you would go down even further and elaborate more -- say, "Open the oven, preheat, wait for the light to go out, open the door, don't leave it open too long, put the penguin in and shut the door ..."  whatever. 
And the other is where you want to explain the same thing in different ways. 
You try and think of a different way of saying the same thing, or if you know the particular student and that student's cognitive style, then you might say it in a way that you think would have a good impedance match with that student. 
So, what I will show you is ... it's a rather boring book, but I'm afraid sometimes you have to do boring books because your sponsors aren't necessarily interested in fiction and entertainment. And this is a book on how to repair a transmission. 
I can go back to the beginning ... and play the movie at full speed. 
We highlight the text as we go through the movie. 
And there are just a few slides I want to go through, but there's a story I'd like to tell. And that was when, before we did this in any developing countries -- we're doing it, in fact, in three developing countries right now: Pakistan, Colombia and Senegal -- we did it in some pretty rough areas of New York City. 
But did hang around the, quote, "computer room," where there were quite a few computers, and learned this particular language called Logo -- and learned it with great ease and found it a lot of fun, it was very interesting. And one day, by chance, some visitors from the NIE came by in their double-breasted suits looking at this setup, and none of the children who were normally there, except for this one child, were there. 
And the child was just zipping right through it, showing them all sorts of things until they asked him how to do something which he couldn't explain and so he flipped through the manual, found the explanation and typed the command and got it to do what they asked. 
But here, with a little bit of effort I get a lot of return." 
There is a myth, and it truly is a myth: we believe -- and I'm sure a lot of you believe in this room -- that it is harder to read and write than it is to learn how to speak. 
What the truth is is that speaking has great value to a child; the child can get a great deal by talking to you. 
And my last example -- as some of my former colleagues, whom I see in the room, can imagine what it will be. 
And it's uncanny: there's no way I can explain to you the amount of eye contact you get with that physical face projected on a 3D CRT of that sort. 
And when somebody gets up, in fact, to go answer a phone or use a bathroom or something, the empty seat becomes, if you will, that person. And you point frequently to the empty seat and you say, "He or she wouldn't agree," and the empty chair is that person and the spatiality is crucial. 
I either convince clients at the end that I solve their problems, or I really do solve their problems, because usually they seem to like it. 
 Anyway, I did this house in Santa Monica, and it got a lot of notoriety. 
And then, once I deal with the context, I then try to make a place that's comfortable and private and fairly serene, as I hope you'll find that slide on the right. 
The garage on the right -- the gray structure -- will be torn down, finally, and several small classrooms will be placed along this avenue that we've created, this campus. 
I couldn't deal with the success of furniture -- I wasn't secure enough as an architect -- and so I closed it all up and made furniture that nobody would like. 
And I put a piece of tape around it, as you see there, and realized you could sit on it, and it had a lot of resilience and strength and so on. 
And a lot of my architectural ideas that came from it -- accidental, again -- it was an intuitive kind of thing, and I just kept going with it, and made this proposal for a building, which was only a proposal. 
And he didn't buy a sculpture, so I made one. 
And so I did a lot of dirty things with chain link, which nobody will forgive me for. 
I use a lot of metal in my work, and I have a hard time connecting with the craft. 
And it's just a complex of factory buildings. 
I spent a lot of time undoing Richard Meier's aesthetic. 
But they made it a third smaller than my model without telling me. 
This is a small house somewhere. 
That big metal thing is a passage, and in it is -- you go downstairs into the living room and then down into the bedroom, which is on the right. 
 We ended up having to make it a sculpture, because the dilemma was, how do you build a building that doesn't look like the language? 
Is it going to look like this beautiful estate is sub-divided? 
And so it was an intent to make this small piece of land -- and making the living room and dining room into this pavilion with a high space in it. 
Eventually this will be screened -- these trees will come up -- and it will be very private. 
In a very tight, small -- this is the ground level. 
If any of you guys have any ideas for it, please contact me. 
We've had a lot of fun working together. 
These were the three buildings that were the ideal -- the Concertgebouw, Boston and Berlin. 
Actually, this is the smallest hall in size, and it has more seats than any of these because it has double balconies. 
We finally settled on a shape that was the proportion of the Concertgebouw with the sloping outside walls, which the acoustician said were crucial to this and later decided they weren't, but now we have them. 
And of course it's not going to look like that, but it is the crazy way I tend to work. 
I didn't expect Lou Danziger to be here, but this is a building I did for him in 1964, I think. 
And this is my son working with me on a small fast-food thing. 
It was an incredible surprise to me to find out that there was actually an organization that cared about both parts of my life. 
And, I get a lot of flak for this at Cambridge. 
The kids were amazing: extremely eager and often very bright. 
But there was one little boy, very small for his age. 
And these and many similar experiences convinced me that there are just tons of bright kids in Africa -- inventive kids, intellectual kids -- and starved of opportunity. 
Well, I'm not going to explain this equation, but theoretical physics is really an amazing subject. 
And it contains 18 free parameters, OK, which we have to fit to the data. 
And apart from a few very important loose ends, which you've heard about here -- like dark energy and dark matter -- this equation describes, seems to describe everything about the universe and what's in it. 
And when I try to explain my work to her, she waved away all the details, and she said, "Neil, there's only one question that really matters. 
Well, this possibility is actually suggested by the latest theories, the unified theories, which try to explain all those 18 free parameters in a single framework, which will hopefully predict all of them. 
I won't go into the details of why we think the universe is like this, but it comes out of the math and trying to explain the physics that we know. 
Everything comes out of a point; you have infinite density. And all the equations break down. 
The density of matter is finite, and we have a chance of a consistent set of equations that can describe the whole process. 
Africa was gripped by poverty, disease and war. 
And bright young Africans are desperate to join the global community, to be successful -- and they're very ambitious. 
So I'm happy she's here. 
Shehu: And from there we will be able to, hopefully, make better predictions and then we compare it to the graph and also make some predictions. 
 I want to point out a few other exceptional people in this picture. 
And each of these centers has a strong local team, each is in a beautiful place, an interesting place, which international lecturers will be happy to visit. 
Local scientists must play leading roles and governments must be persuaded to buy in. 
In the Brooklyn neighborhood that I lived in, Park Slope, there are a lot of writers -- it's like a very high per capita ratio of writers to normal people. 
Meanwhile, I had grown up around a lot of teachers. 
Now, so many of these students had come from households where English isn't spoken in the home, where a lot of them have different special needs, learning disabilities. And of course they're working in schools which sometimes and very often are under-funded. 
So we thought, "We'll have all these writers and editors and everybody -- sort of a writing community -- coming into the office every day anyway, why don't we just open up the front of the building for students to come in there after school, get extra help on their written homework, so you have basically no border between these two communities?" 
So the idea was that we would be working on whatever we're working on, at 2:30 p.m. the students flow in and you put down what you're doing, or you trade, or you work a little bit later or whatever it is. 
And everything was great except the landlord said, "Well, the space is zoned for retail; you have to come up with something. 
And we couldn't think of anything necessarily to sell, but we did all the necessary research. 
The kids would come in -- or we thought they would come in. I should back up. 
And we sat. And at 2:30 p.m. we put a sandwich board out on the front sidewalk and it just said, "Free Tutoring for Your English-Related and Writing-Related Needs -- Just Come In, It's All Free." 
There's a lot of cross-pollination. The only problem, especially for the adults working at McSweeney's who hadn't necessarily bought into all of this when they signed up, was that there was just the one bathroom.  With like 60 kids a day, this is a problem. 
And that makes a happy family. 
A bunch of happy families in a neighborhood is a happy community. 
A bunch of happy communities tied together is a happy city and a happy world. 
I want them to write about how to achieve peace in a violent world." 
And once they achieve that level, once they've written at that level, they can never go back. 
But people would come in -- and this was before the pirate movies and everything! 
It was making a lot of money. Not a lot of money, but it was paying the rent, paying a full-time staff member there. 
People would come in and say, "What the --? 
And people would come in and learn more about it. 
This is a field trip going on. And so they would be shopping, and they might be more likely to buy some lard, or millet for their parrot, or, you know, a hook, or hook protector for nighttime, all of these things we sell. 
So, it became this sort of weird, happy accident. 
And a lot of them had been former educators or would-be educators, so they combined with a lot of local designers, local writers, and they just took the idea independently and they did their own thing. 
This is a little vault -- you have to put your product in there, it goes up an electric lift and then the guy behind the counter tells you that you have to recite the vow of heroism, which you do, if you want to buy anything. And it limits, really, their sales. 
There's nothing worse than, you know, getting up there and the cape is bunching up or something like that. 
It's an addictive thing to sort of be done with it, and to have it checked, and to know he's going to achieve the next thing and be prepared for school the next day. 
There's four family members that come in every day. 
So, I'll go through really quickly. 
This website is already up, it's already got a bunch of stories, a lot of ideas. It's called "Once Upon a School," which is a great title, I think. 
Some of these kids just don't plain know how good they are: how smart and how much they have to say. 
And for 13 years I kept clear of it. I wanted to be an English literature professor. 
That, he said, was the central thread which ran through all his teaching and that his disciples should put into practice all day and every day. 
There's a famous story about the great rabbi, Hillel, the older contemporary of Jesus. 
He said, "In your exegesis, you must make it clear that every single verse of the Torah is a commentary, a gloss upon the Golden Rule." 
People seem to think, now equate religious faith with believing things. 
Because the Golden Rule is difficult. I sometimes -- when I'm speaking to congregations about compassion, I sometimes see a mutinous expression crossing some of their faces because a lot of religious people prefer to be right, rather than compassionate.  Now -- but that's not the whole story. 
I've just come back from Pakistan, where literally thousands of people came to my lectures, because they were yearning, first of all, to hear a friendly Western voice. 
And religion, with its wide following ... Here in the United States, people may be being religious in a different way, as a report has just shown -- but they still want to be religious. It's only Western Europe that has retained its secularism, which is now beginning to look rather endearingly old-fashioned. 
And then one night, Priam, king of Troy, an old man, comes into the Greek camp incognito, makes his way to Achilles' tent to ask for the body of his son. 
It's what is meant by overcoming the horror that we feel when we are under threat of our enemies, and beginning to appreciate the other. 
Despite the idea that I love a good time, which I was rather amazed to see coming up on me -- I actually spend a great deal of time alone, studying, and I'm not very -- you're the people with media knowledge to explain to me how we can get this to everybody, everybody on the planet. I've had some preliminary talks, and Archbishop Desmond Tutu, for example, is very happy to give his name to this, as is Imam Feisal Rauf, the Imam in New York City. 
And the Alliance has told me that they are very happy to work with it. 
Let's look for a minute at the greatest icon of all, Leonardo da Vinci. 
Let's find out. 
I think that if we were to scan all of his work and look for self-portraits, we would find his face looking at us. 
Before we go into these faces, I should explain why I have some right to talk about them. 
And hold onto your seats, because if we zoom in on those faces, remark how they have the same broad forehead, the horizontal eyebrows, the long nose, the curved lips and the small, well-developed chin. 
All we did was look for portraits that had the characteristics of a self-portrait, and look, they are very similar. 
And if we now compare the face of the statue, with the face of the musician, you see the very same features again. 
Now imagine that you will soon be able to look inside your brain and select brain areas to do that same thing. 
This is an investigational technology, but, in clinical trials, we're seeing a 44 to 64 percent decrease in chronic pain patients. 
And I'd love to talk about that -- and it'd be fun -- but, 20 years later ... 
Certainly, all of us can imagine these cool new things that are going to be there. 
Just two weeks ago I made -- you know, I've been making small, medium and big Klein bottles for the trade. 
He'd come up from Trumansburg to teach me not just about the Moog synthesizer, but we'd be sitting there -- I'm studying physics at the time. This is 1969, 70, 71. 
Mentoring me. He'd come up and spend hours and hours with me. 
And one of them, several of them would come up to me and say, "Well, how come you ain't teaching?" 
My students in El Cerrito -- with my help, of course, and with the help of a very beat up oscilloscope -- measured the speed of light. 
I'm saying, "I got to clear out of here!" 
Within a year, Congress funded huge weapons increases, and we went from 1,200 nuclear weapons to 20,000. 
Or the Gallup Poll that showed that seven in 10 Americans believed that a nuclear war would happen, and that at least 50 percent of our population was going to be killed. 
My feature documentary shows how a free society can be stampeded by those who know how to use media. 
But it also shows how we can turn what appears at first to be a bad situation, into something that was overall very good for America. 
So, music videos are something that I always found interesting, but they always seem to be so reactive. 
There is nothing bigger or older than the universe. 
This was the Big Bang, the beginning of the universe. 
We believe that life arose spontaneously on the Earth, so it must be possible for life to appear on other suitable planets, of which there seem to be a large number in the galaxy. 
On the other hand, we don't seem to have been visited by aliens. 
I have been very lucky that my disability has not been a serious handicap. 
How dare we be optimistic? 
And she said, "You know, if you dyed your hair black, you would look just like Al Gore."  Many years ago, when I was a young congressman, I spent an awful lot of time dealing with the challenge of nuclear arms control -- the nuclear arms race. 
And the military historians taught me, during that quest, that military conflicts are typically put into three categories: local battles, regional or theater wars, and the rare but all-important global, world war -- strategic conflicts. 
That puts a lot of pressure on Greenland. 
The global scientific community says: man-made global warming pollution, put into the atmosphere, thickening this, is trapping more of the outgoing infrared. 
If it's more being trapped on the way out, then you would expect it to be warmer here and cooler here. Here is the lower atmosphere. 
From laughs to tears -- this is one of the older tobacco commercials. 
Plans to fight poverty in Uganda are mooted, if we do not solve the climate crisis. 
The latest figures show that the old model is not working. There are a lot of great investments that you can make. If you are investing in tar sands or shale oil, then you have a portfolio that is crammed with sub-prime carbon assets. 
A challenge that can pull from us more than we knew we could do? I think we ought to approach this challenge with a sense of profound joy and gratitude that we are the generation about which, a thousand years from now, philharmonic orchestras and poets and singers will celebrate by saying, they were the ones that found it within themselves to solve this crisis and lay the basis for a bright and optimistic human future. 
So, as researchers, something that we often do is use immense resources to achieve certain capabilities, or achieve certain goals. 
I'm going to show you two videos that have gotten a lot of attention that I think embody this philosophy. 
And, for example, if you're in a school that doesn't have a lot money, probably a lot of schools, or if you're in an office environment, and you want an interactive whiteboard, normally these cost about two to three thousand dollars. 
What are all the possible ways that we can think of to get everybody in the middle of a musical experience, not just listening, but making music? And we started by making instruments for some of the world's greatest performers -- we call these hyperinstruments -- for Yo-Yo Ma, Peter Gabriel, Prince, orchestras, rock bands. Instruments where they're all kinds of sensors built right into the instrument, so the instrument knows how it's being played. 
We are very involved in education. We have a long-term project called Toy Symphony, where we make all kinds of instruments that are also addictive, but for little kids, so the kids will fall in love with making music, want to spend their time doing it, and then will demand to know how it works, how to make more, how to create. So, we make squeezy instruments, like these Music Shapers that measure the electricity in your fingers, 
A lot of you have probably seen Oliver Sacks' wonderful new book called "Musicophilia". It's on sale in the bookstore. It's a great book. 
The first is a really crazy project that we're building right now, called Death and the Powers. And it's a big opera, one of the larger opera projects going on in the world right now. 
The main singer disappears at the beginning of the opera and the entire stage becomes the main character. It becomes his legacy. 
They follow the characters. They're smart enough, we hope, not to bump into each other. They go off on their own. 
And I'd like now to invite two very special people on the stage, so that I can give you an example of what personal instruments might be like. So, can you give a hand to Adam Boulanger, Ph.D. student from the MIT Media Lab, and Dan Ellsey. Dan, thanks to TED and to Bombardier Flexjet, Dan is here with us today all the way from Tewksbury. He's a resident at Tewksbury Hospital. 
The Japanese had, for the first time, created the fastest supercomputer -- the NEC Earth Simulator -- taking the primary from the U.S., and about two years later -- this, by the way, is measuring the trillion floating-point operations per second that the computer's capable of running -- sigh of relief: IBM [Blue Gene] has just edged ahead of the NEC Earth Simulator. 
In that we're unique, and each of us holds this critical input into production as we hold this machine. 
What's the effect of this? So, the story that most people know is the story of free or open source software. 
Think of it in minivans. A group of automobile engineers on their weekends are competing with Toyota. Right? 
So, NASA, at some point, did an experiment where they took images of Mars that they were mapping, and they said, instead of having three or four fully trained Ph.D.s doing this all the time, let's break it up into small components, put it up on the Web, and see if people, using a very simple interface, will actually spend five minutes here, 10 minutes there, clicking. After six months, 85,000 people used this to generate mapping at a 
This is what you'll find out about Barbie. This is it, there's nothing more to the definition, including, "manufacturers" -- plural -- "now more commonly produce ethnically diverse dolls, like this black Barbie." Which is vastly better than what you'll find in the encyclopedia.com, which is Barbie, Klaus.  On the other hand, if they go to Wikipedia, they'll find a genuine article -- and I won't talk a lot about Wikipedia, because Jimmy Wales is here -- 
each one spending a little bit of time, as opposed to a few hundred fully paid employees. No one owns it, no one owns the output, it's free for anyone to use and it's the output of people acting out of social and psychological motivations to do something interesting. 
This is not only outside of businesses. When you think of what is the critical innovation of Google, the critical innovation is outsourcing the one most important thing -- the decision about what's relevant -- to the community of the Web as a whole, doing whatever they want to do: so, page rank. 
Right? We always think of it as stealing music, but fundamentally, it's a distributed data storage and retrieval system, where people, for very obvious reasons, are willing to share their bandwidth and their storage to create something. 
If you leave a $50 check after dinner with friends, you don't increase the probability of being invited back. 
And if dinner isn't entirely obvious, think of sex.  It also requires certain new organizational approaches. 
You have to hire them to spend a lot of time. 
Peer-to-peer networks assaulting the recording industry; free and open source software taking market share from Microsoft; Skype potentially threatening traditional telecoms; Wikipedia competing with online encyclopedias. 
Like Wikipedia, like the Open Directory Project, you're beginning to build platforms, and you see that as a model. 
So next time you open the paper, and you see an intellectual property decision, a telecoms decision, it's not about something small and technical. 
Now, this was a month when North Korea agreed to dismantle its nuclear facilities. 
And when we take out the U.S. and look at the remaining 21 percent, we see a lot of Iraq -- that's that big green thing there -- and little else. 
What was that story? The death of Anna Nicole Smith. 
And this lack of global coverage is all the more disturbing when we see where people go for news. Local TV news looms large, and unfortunately only dedicates 12 percent of its coverage to international news. 
So, if you put it all together, this could help explain why today's college graduates, as well as less educated Americans, know less about the world than their counterparts did 20 years ago. 
It is interesting that in the United States, the most significant health-care budget goes to cardiovascular disease care, whether it's private or public. 
85 percent of global disease burden for cardiovascular disease is in developing countries -- not in the West -- and yet 90 percent of the resources are in the West. 
It's very well known. I'm not going to spend a lot of time on those. 
These are just for information: hypertension, diabetes, obesity, lack of exercise. The usual suspects. 
In eight short years, non-communicable diseases will become the leading causes of death in Africa. 
That is something to keep in mind. We can't deal with it with situations like this. 
Post-9/11, [the] United States has had a lot of trouble to deal with, their own internal issues. 
These worsening indices of health care or health studies in Africa demand a new look. We cannot keep on doing things the way we've always done them. 
If they have not worked, we have to look for alternative solutions. 
in terms of free money aid to developing countries. 
We do not buy unit doses of radiopharmaceuticals. 
It extends opportunity to the rural centers, and we can use expertise in a very smart way. 
This model can be adapted to every disease process. 
And we designed this telemedicine solution. It's proprietary to us, and we are happy to share what we have learned with anyone who is interested in doing it. You can still be profitable. 
I'm happy to say that the things we have implemented -- 80 percent of U.S. practices do not have them, and yet the technology is there. 
We have taken care of over 1,000 indigent patients that could have died, including four free pacemakers in patients with complete heart block. For those that understand cardiology, complete heart block means certain death. 
And we've hopefully saved a lot of lives. 
And, if they went to Miami, they will spend significantly more -- eight to 10 times more. And they feel happy spending it at home, And for that money -- for every one patient that has the money to pay, it gives us an opportunity to take care of at least four people that do not have the resources to pay. 
That way we're not going to deal with obsolescence and all those kinds of issues. 
And anyone who is interested in doing it in any health care situation, we will be happy to assist you and tell you how we've done it, and how you can do it. If we do this, we can change the face of health care in Africa. 
And that includes nature, and nurture, and what I refer to as nightmares. 
And then, I also wasn't really shining in a certain area that I wanted to be, and you know, you look at those scores, and it wasn't bad, but it was not certainly predictive that I would one day make my living out of the artful arrangement of words. 
And I had the usual kind that I think a lot of people had, and that is that, you know, I had expectations placed on me. 
And so, I had this notion of death all around me, because my mother also believed that I would be next, and she would be next. 
And when you are faced with the prospect of death very soon, you begin to think very much about everything. 
And I got a lot of them during what's been going on throughout this conference, almost everything that's been going on. 
There's a lot of unknown, and you often don't know what it is except by its absence. 
And that's what I look for in my work, a personal meaning. 
And there's the terrible and dreaded observer effect, in which you're looking for something, and you know, things are happening simultaneously, and you're looking at it in a different way, and you're trying to really look for the about-ness, or what is this story about. And if you try too hard, then you will only write the about. 
And all these things that seem to be flotsam and jetsam in life actually go through that question, and what happens is those particular things become relevant. 
I had so many examples -- I have so many instances like this, when I'm writing a story, and I cannot explain it. 
I was able to find out also about the ceremony that they were using, a ceremony they hadn't used in about 29 years. And it was to send some men -- a Feng Shui master sent men down to the underworld on ghost horses. 
I have to think of my role. Where I am in the universe, and did somebody intend for me to be that way, or is it just something I came up with? 
And to imagine is to put myself in that story, until there was only -- there is a transparency between me and the story that I am creating. 
I have to become the story in order to understand a lot of that. 
This particular idea, however -- although we don't yet know whether it's right or wrong, and at the end I'll discuss experiments which, in the next few years, may tell us whether it's right or wrong -- this idea has had a major impact on physics in the last century and continues to inform a lot of cutting-edge research. 
How does the Sun reach out across empty inert space and exert influence? 
The idea goes like this: imagine space is a substrate of all there is. 
That's one theory that might be able to describe all of nature's forces from one set of ideas, one set of principles, one master equation, if you will. 
So Kaluza said to himself, Einstein has been able to describe gravity in terms of warps and curves in space -- in fact, space and time, to be more precise. 
So Kaluza says, maybe I can play the same game and describe electromagnetic force in terms of warps and curves. 
Einstein had already used up space and time, warps and curves, to describe gravity. 
There didn't seem to be anything else to warp or curve. 
He said, if I want to describe one more force, maybe I need one more dimension. 
And when he looked at that equation, it was none other than the equation that scientists had long known to describe the electromagnetic force. 
We don't seem to see them. 
He suggested that dimensions might come in two varieties -- there might be big, easy-to-see dimensions, but there might also be tiny, curled-up dimensions, curled up so small, even though they're all around us, that we don't see them. 
So, imagine you're looking at something like a cable supporting a traffic light. 
But if we zoom in and take the perspective of, say, a little ant walking around -- little ants are so small that they can access all of the dimensions -- the long dimension, but also this clockwise, counter-clockwise direction. 
 But this illustrates the fact that dimensions can be of two sorts: big and small. And the idea that maybe the big dimensions around us are the ones that we can easily see, but there might be additional dimensions curled up, sort of like the circular part of that cable, so small that they have so far remained invisible. 
Let me show you what that would look like. 
Some of you guys will fix that one day, but anything that's not flat on a screen is a new dimension, goes smaller, smaller, smaller, and way down in the microscopic depths of space itself, this is the idea, you could have additional curled up dimensions -- here is a little shape of a circle -- so small that we don't see them. 
But if you were a little ultra microscopic ant walking around, you could walk in the big dimensions that we all know about -- that's like the grid part -- but you could also access the tiny curled-up dimension that's so small that we can't see it with the naked eye or even with any of our most refined equipment. 
And the wonderful thing is that superstring theory has nothing to do at first sight with this idea of extra dimensions, but when we study superstring theory, we find that it resurrects the idea in a sparkling, new form. 
Even the neutrons and protons have smaller particles inside of them known as quarks. 
Now you might think about that and say, well, OK, you know, if you have extra dimensions, and they're really tightly curled up, yeah, perhaps we won't see them, if they're small enough. 
But if there's a little tiny civilization of green people walking around down there, and you make them small enough, and we won't see them either. That is true. 
And that question is this: when we look around the world, as scientists have done for the last hundred years, there appear to be about 20 numbers that really describe our universe. 
Why are those numbers so finely tuned to allow stars to shine and planets to form, when we recognize that if you fiddle with those numbers -- if I had 20 dials up here and I let you come up and fiddle with those numbers, almost any fiddling makes the universe disappear. 
So can we explain those 20 numbers? 
So when we talk about the extra dimensions in string theory, it's not one extra dimension, as in the older ideas of Kaluza and Klein. 
And the idea is that if this is what the extra dimensions look like, then the microscopic landscape of our universe all around us would look like this on the tiniest of scales. 
When you swing your hand, you'd be moving around these extra dimensions over and over again, but they're so small that we wouldn't know it. 
So, if we knew exactly what the extra dimensions look like -- we don't yet, but if we did -- we should be able to calculate the allowed notes, the allowed vibrational patterns. 
Is this just an interesting mathematical structure that might be able to explain some previously unexplained features of the world, or can we actually test for these extra dimensions? 
Well, we'll measure the amount of energy after the collision, compare it to the amount of energy before, and if there's less energy after the collision than before, this will be evidence that the energy has drifted away. 
So, imagine we have a certain kind of particle called a graviton -- that's the kind of debris we expect to be ejected out, if the extra dimensions are real. 
A year later -- orange and white is maximum blood flow. 
Even your sexual organs get more blood flow, so you increase sexual potency. 
The quarks, these pink things, are the things that make up protons and neutrons that make up the atomic nuclei in your body. 
And these guys, here, they're the weak nuclear force, probably the least familiar. 
So those Ws there refer to the Ws, and how they stick together. 
Well, we had a long time to come up with good analogies. 
But imagine someone who's not very popular moves through the room. 
And imagine someone incredibly important and popular and intelligent walks into the room. 
If it's not true -- because it's quite a convoluted mechanism, although it's the simplest we've been able to think of -- then whatever does the job of the Higgs particles we know have to turn up at the LHC. 
There's another issue, which is that the forces in nature -- it's quite beautiful, actually -- seem, as you go back in time, they seem to change in strength. 
The strong force, the strong nuclear force, which sticks nuclei together, gets weaker. And what you see is the standard model -- you can calculate how these change -- is the forces, the three forces, other than gravity, almost seem to come together at one point. 
It's almost as if there was one beautiful kind of super-force, back at the beginning of time. 
Now there's a theory called super-symmetry, which doubles the number of particles in the standard model, which, at first sight, doesn't sound like a simplification. 
But actually, with this theory, we find that the forces of nature do seem to unify together, back at the Big Bang -- absolutely beautiful prophecy. The model wasn't built to do that, but it seems to do it. 
The story goes like this: we know that the universe began 13.7 billion years ago, in an immensely hot, dense state, much smaller than a single atom. 
And on some of those planets, the oxygen, which had been created in that first generation of stars, could fuse with hydrogen to form water, liquid water on the surface. 
  ♫ You're older than you've ever been ♫ ♫ and now you're even older ♫ ♫ and now you're even older ♫ ♫ and now you're even older. ♫ ♫ You're older than you've even been ♫ ♫ and now you're even older ♫ ♫ and now you're older still. ♫ ♫ Time ♫ ♫ is marching on ♫ ♫ and time ♫ ♫ is still marching on. ♫ 
♫ This day will soon be at an end ♫ ♫ and now it's even sooner ♫ ♫ and now it's even sooner ♫ ♫ and now it's even sooner. ♫ ♫ This day will soon be at an end ♫ ♫ and now it's even sooner ♫ ♫ and now it's sooner still. ♫ ♫ You're older than you've ever been ♫ ♫ and now you're even older ♫ ♫ and now you're even older ♫ 
♫ and now you're even older. ♫ ♫ You're older than you've ever been ♫ ♫ and now you're even older ♫ ♫ and now you're older still. ♫ Thank you very much. 
♫ of electrical equipment ♫ ♫ it's addressed to the bottom of the sea. ♫ ♫ Send a tangerine-colored ♫ ♫ nuclear submarine ♫ ♫ with a sticker that says STP. ♫ ♫ Windshield wiper washer fluid ♫ ♫ spraying in the air ... ♫ ♫ headlights under head lice ♫ ♫ under hats lie everywhere. ♫ ♫ Subatomic waves ♫ ♫ to the underwater caves ♫ ♫ of the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ 
 Thanks a lot. 
♫ Aren't you the guy who hit me in the eye? ♫ ♫ Please pass the milk, please. ♫ ♫ Please pass the milk, please. ♫ ♫ Please pass the milk, please. ♫ ♫ Leave me alone, leave me alone. ♫ ♫ Who's knocking on the wall? ♫ ♫ All alone, all alone. ♫ ♫ All by myself. ♫ ♫ What's that blue thing doing here? ♫ ♫ Something grabbed ahold of my hand ♫ 
Hello, Eleanor, please ... 
Please turn off your radio, Eleanor. 
Here's a song we like to think of as the future anthem of TED. 
So, what I'd like to do today is tell you a little bit about myself, because I'd like to put in context what I'm going to tell you. 
I learned a lot about how to deal with that part of the world. 
 And, as you can imagine, if you can picture this: I was born in a very small village in Mexico, in, unfortunately, very poor surroundings, and my parents did not have a college education. 
And perhaps to you this product may not look like high tech, but if you can imagine the time when this occurred -- it was in the mid '40s -- this was really, in his view, a pretty piece of high tech. 
And I always said that they were really tough on me. 
They were tough in the sense that, as I grew up, both my mother and father would always say to me, it's really important that you always remember two things. 
And in today's world, being useful, affordable and accessible is not necessarily what happens in a lot of the technology that is done today. 
A tremendous thing that people refer to as a killer app is called the Internet. 
So, it is really a rather lofty initiative, if you want to think that way, but we felt that we had to put a real stake up in the years ahead, that was bold enough and courageous enough that it would force us all to think of ways to do things differently. 
And so when we gave ourselves this scorecard to say well, where are we related to our goal towards 2015, the thing that becomes apparent is three pieces. 
We really think it's a phenomenal driver of things, to force us to do things differently, and we look forward to being able to actually, working with so many partners around the world, to be able to reach that goal. 
Now, one of the things I'd like to explain [about] 50x15, which I think is really critical, is that it is not a charity. 
Let's take a small segment of this, of this unconnected world, and call it the education market. 
And when we embarked in this initiative, from the very beginning we said it very clearly: this is not a charity. 
Because what we have learned in the last three years is that this segment of the market, whether it's education or under-developed nations, either way, it's a segment that demands incredibly high quality, incredibly high reliability, tremendous low cost and access, and a lot of challenges that frankly, without actually doing it, it would be very difficult to understand, and I'll explain that in just a minute. 
So, there has not been a human-centric approach to addressing this segment of the market, so we really believe it is critical to think of it. 
It reminded me a lot of the talk we heard this morning, about this operating room machinery that was designed specifically for Africa. 
In other parts, it doesn't. And then we have to be sensitive about how this technology can be developed and put into action in those regions. 
And the last piece, which is really important -- and this is an opinion that we have, not shared by many, this is one where we seem to stand alone, on this one -- is that we really believe that the greatest success of this initiative can come by fostering local, integrated, end-to-end ecosystems. 
It's beginning to grow tremendously. 
What a place, what an ideal place to create an ecosystem that could build the hardware and the software needed for their schools. And to my surprise, I learned in South Africa they have 18 dialects, I always thought they only had two -- English and Afrikaans -- but it turns out they have 18 dialects. 
And to be able to meet the needs of this rather complex educational system, it could only be done from inside. 
But to give you an idea how creative this group of people can be, one of the objectives of the One Laptop per Child is to be able to achieve a 10-hour battery life. 
The engineers have done a phenomenal amount of innovation on this part, and battery life on this product is now 15 hours -- just through a lot of innovative work people have done because they're passionate and motivated to be able to do this. 
We expect this to be deployed towards the end of this year, and we're very excited at the opportunities that this is going to offer in the field of education. 
We also have partnered with TED in this project, with Architecture for Humanity, and along with the TED Prize winner Cameron Sinclair, we're having a contest that we have issued to the architectural community to come up with the best design for a computer lab for an emerging region. 
I was eager to go off to college, and go find girls, and study, and girls, and study, but then I finished college and I fell in love. 
Because I knew what a great husband he was, and now he was once again beginning to put pressure on me, like he did when I was a little kid. And then a few years later, I had a child, my first child, and again, my father comes to the hospital, and we're looking at the glass, and see all the children on the other side, and he said, "I've got to remind you again, that for each generation to do better, 
It's got to be that someday I can look back, and this place is truly better through some small contribution that perhaps each of us could make. 
Some of these mushrooms are very happy mushrooms. 
So, we set up a site in Mason County, Washington, and we've seen a dramatic decrease in the amount of coliforms. 
Think of the implications. 
May not seem that large -- let's get closer. 
Dr. Earl Kern, who's a smallpox expert of the U.S. Defense Department, states that any compounds that have a selectivity index of two or more are active. 
There's a vetted press release that you can read -- it's vetted by DOD -- if you Google "Stamets" and "smallpox." 
And then -- a delicate dance between dinner and death -- the mycelium is consumed by the ants, they become mummified, and, boing, a mushroom pops out of their head. 
And that brings me to the title of the talk, "Using Evolution to Design Disease Organisms Intelligently." 
It's really not a very friendly field for evolutionary biologists. 
You actually see a great potential, but you see a lot of people who are sort of defending their turf, and may actually be very resistant, when one tries to introduce ideas. 
So, all of the talk today is going to deal with two general questions. 
One is that, why are some disease organisms more harmful? 
And I'm going to be talking, to begin with, as I said, about diarrheal disease organisms. 
And in particular, to think about a fundamental idea which I think makes sense out of a tremendous amount of variation in the harmfulness of disease organisms. 
And that idea is that from the germ's-eye point of view, disease organisms have to get from one host to another, and often they have to rely on the well-being of the host to move them to another host. 
Sometimes, you get disease organisms that don't rely on host mobility at all for transmission. 
If instead transmission to another host requires host mobility, then we expect that the winners of the competition will be the milder organisms. 
Diarrheal disease organisms get transmitted in basically three ways. 
A person can be sick in bed and still infect tens, even hundreds of other individuals. 
To sort of illustrate that, this diagram emphasizes that if you've got a sick person in bed, somebody's going to be taking out the contaminated materials. 
People will come in to those places where you've got contaminated drinking water, bring things back to the family, may drink right at that point. 
And so, the theory tells us that when diarrheal disease organisms are transported by water, we expect them to be more predator-like, more harmful. 
Now I put those names in there just for the bacteria buffs, but the main point here is that --  there's a lot of them here, I can tell -- the main point here is that those data points all show a very strong, positive association between the degree to which a disease organism is transmitted by water, and how harmful they are, how much death they cause per untreated infection. 
Remember the second question that I raised at the outset was, how can we use this knowledge to make disease organisms evolve to be mild? 
Now, this suggests that if you could just block waterborne transmission, you could cause disease organisms to shift from the right-hand side of that graph to the left-hand side of the graph. 
So what happens, if you've got an organism, it produces a lot of toxin. 
If the organism produced a lot of toxin, you might find 10 million, or 100 million. 
If it didn't produce a lot of this toxin, then you might find a smaller number. 
Now, I can think of some possible experiments. 
One would be to take a lot of different strains of this organism -- some that produce a lot of toxins, some that produce a little -- and take those strains and spew them out in different countries. 
Some countries that might have clean water supplies, so that you can't get waterborne transmission: you expect the organism to evolve to mildness there. 
Other countries, in which you've got a lot of waterborne transmission, there you expect these organisms to evolve towards a high level of harmfulness, right? 
And so, with funding from the Bosack-Kruger Foundation, I got a lot of strains from these different countries and we measured their toxin production in the lab. 
Each dot corresponds to an islet from a different person -- a lot of variation on which natural selection can act. 
In every case there's a lot of variation, but something about the environment the people are living in, and I think the only realistic explanation is that it's the degree of waterborne transmission, favored the harmful strains in one place, and mild strains in another. 
You've got a lot of pressure favoring antibiotic resistance, so you get increased virulence leading to the evolution of increased antibiotic resistance. 
If you could cause an evolutionary decrease in virulence by cleaning up the water supply, you should be able to get an evolutionary decrease in antibiotic resistance. 
If we look in the beginning of the 1990s, we see, again, a lot of variation. 
But we've got a lot of variation in antibiotic sensitivity in Chile, Peru and Ecuador, and no trend across the years. 
And the example I want to deal with is, or the idea I want to deal with, the question is, what can we do to try to get the malarial organism to evolve to mildness? 
And there's a really wonderful experiment that was done that suggests that we really should go ahead and do this. 
Now, I would suggest that you could do this in a lot of places. 
And this links up with a lot of the other ideas that have been talked about. 
  Thanks. Thank you. Now, juggling can be a lot of fun; play with skill and play with space, play with rhythm. 
Part of the challenge was to try to understand rhythm and space using not just my hands -- because a lot of juggling is hand-oriented -- but using the rhythm of my body and feet, and controlling the balls with my feet. 
Well, a lot of people think jugglers defy gravity or do stuff. 
You can change the rhythm, if you get out of the lights. 
So, you've got to go after the space down there. 
Make it faster and smaller. 
 All right. A lot of different learning processes going on in here. 
Now, I assume a lot of you spend a lot of time at a computer. 
What I've done for you here, I developed a lot of those tricks and I put the choreography together, but they're not original techniques. 
The rhythm can get much smaller. 
  Anyway, that piece also has a kinetic sculpture in the middle of it, and I dance around a small stage so -- two minutes, just to end? The latest piece that I'm working on -- what I love is that I never know what I'm working on, why I'm working on it. 
Now, I don't know exactly where it's going, but I've got a bit of effort involved in this thing. 
And it's going to change as I go through it. 
We'll see what I come up with. Thanks for having me. 
But what was really interesting to me was to find out that the birds were adapting in a pretty unusual way. 
Until they finally graduated and left campus, and -- glad to get away, I'm sure -- came back sometime later, and found the crows still remembered them. 
Parents seem to be teaching their young. 
And when all this became clear to me, I realized the only obvious thing to do is build a vending machine. 
And when they get really happy about this, we go ahead and stymie them. 
Squirrels, for example, would show up, look for the peanut, go away. 
Come back, look for the peanut, go away. 
And eventually some crow gets a bright idea that, "Hey, there's lots of coins lying around from the first stage, lying around on the ground," hops down, picks it up, drops it in the slot. 
So, what's significant about this to me isn't that we can train crows to pick up peanuts. 
For example, why not train them to pick up garbage after stadium events? 
Our demand for meat, dairy and refined carbohydrates -- the world consumes one billion cans or bottles of Coke a day -- our demand for these things, not our need, our want, drives us to consume way more calories than are good for us. 
Now, there's no time to get into the benefits of eating plants here, but the evidence is that plants -- and I want to make this clear -- it's not the ingredients in plants, it's the plants. 
The evidence is very clear that plants promote health. 
Three: their production has been supported by government agencies at the expense of a more health- and Earth-friendly diet. 
Now, let's imagine a parallel. 
And with our hyper-consumption of those animals producing greenhouse gases and heart disease, kindness might just be a bit of a red herring. 
And locavore, for those of you who don't know, is someone who eats only locally grown food -- which is fine if you live in California, but for the rest of us it's a bit of a sad joke. 
And I'm going to go through that, at least the last hundred years or so, very quickly right now. 
And the death of family farms is part of this puzzle, as is almost everything from the demise of the real community to the challenge of finding a good tomato, even in summer. 
I, for one -- and I'm not kidding -- didn't eat real spinach or broccoli till I was 19. 
Sadly, it was at this time that the family dinner was put in a coma, if not actually killed -- the beginning of the heyday of value-added food, which contained as many soy and corn products as could be crammed into it. 
And if the numbers coming in from China are anything like what they look like now, it's not going to be 40 years. 
But listen: experts who are serious about disease reduction recommend that adults eat just over half a pound of meat per week. 
It would seem absurd, but that's exactly what should happen, and what progressive people, forward-thinking people should be doing and advocating, along with the corresponding increase in the consumption of plants. 
If you compare NASA's annual budget to explore the heavens, that one-year budget would fund NOAA's budget to explore the oceans for 1,600 years. 
Why are people afraid of the ocean? 
This is a characterization of what it would look like if you could remove the water. 
And as I will point out later in the presentation, 50 percent of the United States of America lies beneath the sea. 
But in the early days, the only way I could get to the bottom was to crawl into a submarine, a very small submarine, and go down to the bottom. 
It should not be. Until one of my colleagues said, "It looks to me like a thermal blister, and the mid-ocean ridge must be a cooling curve." We said, "Let's go find out." 
We mounted an expedition to look for the missing heat. 
We went and found these incredible clam beds and when we opened them, they didn't look like a clam. 
We wanted to get away from this silly trip, up and down on a submarine: average depth of the ocean, 12,000 feet; two and half hours to get to work in the morning; two and half hours to get to home. Five hour commute to work. 
We expect to start hauling out the bodies in perfect condition with their DNA. 
And within that, we're going to run it just like you run a nuclear submarine, blue-gold team, switching them off and on, running 24 hours a day. 
But then it's connected through Internet too -- the new Internet highway that makes Internet one look like a dirt road on the information highway -- with 10 gigabits of bandwidth. 
I mean, look, this animal is trying to fight back this spear from this soldier. 
It was really a death trap. I mean, it was incredible, it worked incredibly well, but it was really dangerous. 
And that allows me to check my timer discretely, here, without bending my elbow. 
And the new experience I was looking for is giving the choice for the user to go from a warm, sort of glowing kind of mood light, all the way to a bright work light. 
Because I think everybody agrees that as designers we bring value to business, value to the users also, but I think it's the values that we put into these projects that ultimately create the greater value. 
But the other thing that is humanistic about Jawbone is that we really decided to take out all the techie stuff, and all the nerdy stuff out of it, and try to make it as beautiful as we can. 
And then, on the other side of the room, the designers are making small adjustments, sketching, drawing by hand, putting it in the computer. 
In Nigeria, people carry their most precious belongings on their heads. 
But when Nicholas Negroponte -- and he has spoken about this project a lot, he's the founder of OLPC -- came to us about two and a half years ago, there were some clear ideas. 
So, I was convinced. We designed it to be iconic, to look different. To look like it's for a kid, but not like a toy. 
So, the Department of Health in New York came to us, and they needed a way to distribute 36 million condoms for free to the citizens of New York. 
These are the dispensers. There's this friendly shape. 
 The next piece that is going to come up is an example of a kind of machine that is fairly complex. 
So a lot of the pieces that I've made, they involve found objects. 
When I see objects, I imagine them in motion. 
I imagine what can be said with them. 
 This kind of work is also very much like puppetry, where the found object is, in a sense, the puppet, and I'm the puppeteer at first, because I'm playing with an object. 
But then I make the machine, which is sort of the stand-in for me, and it is able to achieve the action that I want. 
And -- so the way I saw this in my mind at first, was that the pieces would explode up and out with infinite speed, and the pieces would move far out, and then they would begin to be pulled back with a kind of a gravitational feel, to the point where they would approach infinite speed back to the center. 
It's just continually ejaculating, and it's --  -- this is a happy machine, I'll tell you. 
And, in a case like this, I'm trying to make something which is clear but also not suggestive of any particular kind of animal or plant. 
 But then in the end, what I decided was every time you finish writing the word, I would stop and I would give the card to somebody on the side of the road. 
But I had a lot of fun. 
Because when I was a kid, I also played a lot of guitar. 
This brings us to why a lot of us, who are professionals, are now, as they say, in diaspora. 
All right, this is a slide from a talk I gave about intensive care units in Nigeria, and jokingly we refer to it as "Expensive Scare." 
Does he look like he's happy? 
We get a lot of donated equipment. 
We eventually got it working, is the truth, but it was one of these. Even older than the one you saw. 
So, we put my hand in my pocket and say, "Guys, let's just buy stuff. 
Usually when you buy a ventilator in a hospital, you buy a different one for children, you buy a different one for transport. This one will do everything, and it will do it at half the price and doesn't need compressed air. 
If you're in America and you don't know about this one, we do, because we make it our duty to find out what's appropriate technology for Africa -- what's appropriately priced, does the job, and we move on. Anesthesia machine: multi-parameter monitor, operating lights, suction. 
If you compare it with what's on the market, price-wise, size-wise, ease of use, complexity ... 
There are too many of us outside and everybody, just to borrow a bit from Hans -- Hans Rosling, he's my guy -- if the size of the text represents what gets the most attention, it's the problems. But what we really need are African solutions that are appropriate for Africa -- looking at the culture, looking at the people, looking at how much money they've got. 
I would say not just biological design, but all of the design that we think of as human design. 
And he wanted to get away from everybody thinking all the time about genes, and so he said, "Is there another replicator out there on the planet?" 
But a lot of these problems can be avoided by remembering the definition. 
You go to your nice, posh, international hotel somewhere, and you come in and you put down your clothes and you go to the bathroom, and what do you see? 
 So, think of it this way. 
N, the same thing, the number of communicative civilizations out there [that] we might expect in our galaxy. 
Think of the big brain. 
So, can we dare to be optimistic? 
It's not rebuilding Europe, it's reversing the divergence for the bottom billion, so that they actually catch up. 
So, here comes a bit of science, and this is a bit of science I've done since "The Bottom Billion," so it's new. 
You go up in the short run, but then most societies historically have ended up worse than if they'd had no booms at all. 
That is not a forecast about how commodity prices go; it's a forecast of the consequences, the long-term consequences, for growth of an increase in prices. 
You go up in the short term, and then you go up even more in the long term. 
It's countries like Nigeria, which are worse off than if they'd never had oil. 
So, there's a threshold level above which you go up in the long term, and below which you go down. 
I can't go through all of them, but I'll give you an example. 
And so I realized we had to go through the business of building an informed citizenry. 
So, some people are afraid of what I do. 
But after 1,000 years out in the weather, they look like this. 
In fact, I design nuclear reactors. 
This is the conventional nuclear fuel cycle. 
The red line is what is done in most nuclear reactors. It's called the open fuel cycle. 
It has a lot of disadvantages: each one of these steps is extremely expensive, it's potentially dangerous and they have the interesting property that the step cannot be performed in anyone's backyard, which is a problem. 
Now, it's kind of nuts to work on a new nuclear reactor. 
Changing into a totally different field, we do a lot of stuff in solid state physics, particularly in an area called metamaterials. 
It may not seem that, but if you were a microwave, this is how you would view it. 
We do a lot of work in biomedical fields. 
I used to work, also while at Microsoft, at a leading restaurant in Seattle, so I do a lot of cooking. 
So, this is my latest cooker, and if this looks more complicated than the nuclear reactor, that's because it is. 
You know, a lot of people risk their lives in a brief act of heroism, which is kind of cool, but Jill has what I call slow heroism. 
After the movie came out, of course, there was a lot of interest in SETI. 
 So, the SETI Institute, with a little bit of help from me, and a lot of help from Paul Allen and a variety of other people, is building a dedicated radio telescope so they can do this SETI work. 
So, I do a lot of work on dinosaurs. 
And this is what it's like to find a Tyrannosaurus rex, which I was lucky enough to do a few years ago. 
Now, I'm also really big on photography. 
Now, to a human audience, I need to explain that if Penthouse magazine had a marine mammal edition, this would be the centerfold. 
I said, "Well, I think that's what you call a free willy." 
But ultimately, I decided that what I really ought to do is not fight being who I am, but embrace it. 
And regardless of whether it's nuclear reactors or metamaterials or whale sex, the common -- or lowest common denominator -- is me. 
To intentionally harm people psychologically, to hurt people physically, to destroy people mortally, or ideas, and to commit crimes against humanity. 
If you Google "evil," a word that should surely have withered by now, you come up with 136 million hits in a third of a second. 
But how am I going to deal with that hypothesis? 
Let's go down to that dungeon. 
And it has a lot of detail about what I'm going to talk about today. 
Like yourself, I'm a complex amalgam of positive and negative personality traits that emerge or not, depending on the circumstances." 
In the later studies, they ran women. 
So, you go down, one of you will be a learner, one will be a teacher. 
Does it make a difference if warriors go to battle changing their appearance or not? 
So what are the seven social processes that grease the slippery slope of evil? 
Mindlessly taking the first small step. 
Real world parallels? Compare this with this. 
And he said, "I did what anyone could do," no big deal to jump on the tracks. 
For a time, we shared the stage with our distant cousins, Neanderthal, who clearly had some spark of awareness, but -- whether it was the increase in the size of the brain, or the development of language, or some other evolutionary catalyst -- we quickly left Neanderthal gasping for survival. 
And you could look at this art and you could, of course, see the complex social organization of the people who brought it into being. 
And it was also the beginning of our discontent, because if you wanted to distill all of our experience since the Paleolithic, it would come down to two words: how and why. 
We all have to deal with the mystery of death, the world that waits beyond death, the elders who fall away into their elderly years. 
And so whether that genius is placed into -- technological wizardry has been the great achievement of the West -- or by contrast, into unraveling the complex threads of memory inherent in a myth, is simply a matter of choice and cultural orientation. 
These are sailors who in the darkness, in the hull of the vessel, can distinguish as many as 32 different sea swells moving through the canoe at any one point in time, distinguishing local wave disturbances from the great currents that pulsate across the ocean, that can be followed with the same ease that a terrestrial explorer would follow a river to the sea. 
Our billboards celebrate naked children in underwear. 
You saw a woman who was more clear than a pool of water in a mountain stream. 
You may not believe that we achieve enlightenment in one lifetime, but we do. 
And at 48, I was the only outsider ever to go through this, only one to finish it. 
They refer to the movements as they exploit the ecological niches of the gradient as "threads." 
It's going to look like a John Ford Western. 
And yet tragically, when you now go to those northern communities, you find to your astonishment that whereas the sea ice used to come in in September and stay till July, in a place like Kanak in northern Greenland, it literally comes in now in November and stays until March. 
It can be for profit or not profit. It can be large or small. 
There are a large number of people on the Internet, a very small fraction of them have photos of the Mermaid Parade. 
To say instead of, we must make an advance plan, we must have a five-year projection of where the Wikipedia is going to be, or whatever, you can just say, let's coordinate the group effort, and let's deal with it as we go, because we're now well-enough coordinated that we don't have to take on the problems of deciding in advance what to do. 
So, we'd expect the tenth most prolific photographer to have contributed about a tenth of the photos, and the hundredth most prolific photographer to have contributed only about a hundred as many photos as the most prolific photographer did. 
If you go down to five percent, you're still accounting for 60 percent of the photos. 
If you go down to one percent, exclude 99 percent of the group effort, you're still accounting for almost a quarter of the photos. 
That sounds strange because we expect average and middle to be about the same, but they're not at all. 
When you're dealing with the left-hand edge of one of these distributions, when you're dealing with the people who spend a lot of time producing a lot of the material you want, that's an institution-as-enabler world. 
Right? So, when institutions are told they are obstacles, and that there are other ways of coordinating the value, they go through something a little bit like the Kubler-Ross stages --  -- of reaction, being told you have a fatal illness: denial, anger, bargaining, acceptance. 
Many, many institutions are still in denial, but we're seeing recently a lot of both anger and bargaining. 
There's a wonderful, small example going on right now. 
Because this kind of value is unreachable in classic institutional frameworks, but is part of cooperative systems of open-source software, of file sharing, of the Wikipedia. I've used a lot of examples from Flickr, but there are actually stories about this from all over. 
In the suburbanized, dual-income United States, stay-at-home moms are actually missing the social infrastructure that comes from extended family and local, small-scale neighborhoods. 
They even have Lance Armstrong-style bracelets, these red bracelets, which signify, in the small group, I am trying to maintain my eating disorder. 
A support group is simply a small group that wants to maintain a way of living in the context of a larger group. 
Now, when the larger group is a bunch of drunks, and the small group wants to stay sober, then we think, that's a great support group. 
But when the small group is teenage girls who want to stay anorexic by choice, then we're horrified. 
It was produced by analyzing their communications patterns using a lot of these tools. And doubtless the intelligence communities of the world are doing the same work today for the attacks of last week. 
Does it really lead to a single ancestor some 20, 25,000 years ago? 
Murray Gell-Mann: Well, I would guess that modern language must be older than the cave paintings and cave engravings and cave sculptures and dance steps in the soft clay in the caves in Western Europe, in the Aurignacian Period some 35,000 years ago, or earlier. 
I'm starting the story with the first atomic bomb at Trinity, which was the Manhattan Project. It was a little bit like TED: it brought a whole lot of very smart people together. 
The first person to really explain that was Thomas Hobbes, who, in 1651, explained how arithmetic and logic are the same thing, and if you want to do artificial thinking and artificial logic, you can do it all with arithmetic. 
Leibniz, who came a little bit later -- this is 1679 -- showed that you didn't even need subtraction. 
The machine was actually used mainly for doing bomb calculations. 
 The input and the output was by teletype tape at first. 
This is modifying IBM equipment, which is the origins of the whole data-processing industry, later at IBM. 
And this is the beginning of computer graphics. 
"Damn it, I can be just as stubborn as this thing." 
Twenty-four hours a day, this thing was running, mainly running bomb calculations. 
So they really were working under tough conditions. 
So, that was the result. It was Mike, the first thermonuclear bomb, in 1952. 
And I think that's really the truth. We still don't understand how these very simple instructions can lead to increasing complexity. 
These cards, now, thanks to me showing up, are being saved. 
That, to me, is the big question that we face as a people right now: how do we change? How do we change as a culture, and how do we each individually take responsibility for the one piece of the solution that we are in charge of, and that is our own behavior? 
Even the simplest animal we think of, something like an insect, and they have more neurons and connections than you can imagine. 
And then they alternate in their propulsion, but the patterns are all the same. Almost every organism we've looked at this way -- you'll see next week, I'll give you a hint, there'll be an article coming out that says that really big things like T. rex probably couldn't do this, but you'll see that next week. 
Whereas nature tends to be small, and curved, and it bends and twists, and has legs instead, and appendages, and has many muscles and many, many sensors. 
For example, here's a leg: the clear part is stiff, the white part is compliant, and you don't need any axles there or anything. 
It didn't decrease its preferred speed at all. 
I presented this to the jet propulsion lab at NASA, and they said that they had no ability to go down craters to look for ice, and life, ultimately, on Mars. And he said -- especially with legged-robots, because they're way too complicated. 
The smallest branch of the hairs looks like spatulae, and an animal like that has one billion of these nano-size split ends, to get very close to the surface. In fact, there's the diameter of your hair -- a gecko has two million of these, and each hair has 100 to 1,000 split ends. 
Think of the contact of that that's possible. 
They were so large that a patch of hairs about this size -- the gecko's foot could support the weight of a small child, about 40 pounds, easily. Now, how do they do it? 
You know, you probably had this a long time ago in chemistry, where you had these two atoms, they're close together, and the electrons are moving around. That tiny force is sufficient to allow them to do that because it's added up so many times with these small structures. 
  We'll see where this goes. We were so excited about this that we realized that that small-size scale -- and where everything gets sticky, and gravity doesn't matter anymore -- we needed to look at ants and their feet, because one of my other colleagues at Berkeley has built a six-millimeter silicone robot with legs. But it gets stuck. It doesn't move very well. 
You're going to be able to do programmable work through these kinds of robots, so that you can run, fly and swim anywhere. We saw David Kelly is at the beginning of that with his fish. 
I just instead said, "I'm going to make something out of it, and maybe next year ... " And I appreciate this moment to come up on this stage with so many people who've already given me so much solace, and just say to TEDsters: I'm proud of me. That I take something bad, I turn it, and I'm going to make something good out of this, all these pieces. 
So, the great thing about 2006 is there's a lot of really great computational work you can do. 
So, we got the whole thermodynamics department at Stanford involved -- a lot of computational fluid dynamics. 
Brought in a team from the U.K. -- there's a lot of great refrigeration people, it turned out, in the U.K. -- and built a test rig, and proved that, in fact, we could make a low pressure, non-toxic refrigerator. 
Probably a lot of you know the story of the two salesmen who went down to Africa in the 1900s. 
You can't imagine your life without classical music. 
That's the first group, quite small. 
And then there's a very small group. 
And if we have B, A, G, F, what do we expect next?  Oh, the TED choir. 
Would you think of somebody who you adore, who's no longer there? 
 Think of it. 1,600 people, busy people, involved in all sorts of different things, listening, understanding and being moved by a piece by Chopin. 
How do you find out? You look at their eyes. 
And I thought that was the best deal in town, so I accepted it immediately. 
And in the case of the Media Lab, knowing a lot of people, knowing people who were either executives or wealthy, and also not having, in my own case, a career to worry about anymore. 
Most people make inexpensive products by taking cheap design, cheap labor, cheap components, and making a cheap laptop. 
But if you take a different approach, and you think of very large-scale integration, very advanced materials, very advanced manufacturing -- so you're pouring chemicals in one end, iPods are spewing out the other -- and really cool design, that's what we wanted to do. 
And I can race through these and save a lot of time because Yves and I obviously didn't compare notes. 
And so, we have to drop in satellite dishes. We put in generators. 
It's a lot of stuff that goes behind these. These can talk to each other. 
And we changed strategy completely. I decided at the beginning -- it was a pretty good thing to decide in the beginning, it's not what we're doing now -- is to go to six countries. 
In each case, got the ministers, went through a lot of the stuff. 
In the case of Libya, it was a lot of fun meeting Gaddafi in his tent. 
And the "Give One, Get One" program is really important because it got a lot of people absolutely interested. 
And that's where I think it's very important. I don't want you all to go out and buy 400 dollars worth of laptops. Okay? Do it, but that's not going to help. Okay? 
And it's not to go out and buy 100 or 1,000, though, I invite you to do that, and 10,000 would be even better. 
Just to say that when you do the "Give One, Get One," a lot of press is a bit about, "They didn't make it, it's 188 dollars, it's not 100." 
But it was the countries that wanted it to go up, and we let them push it up for all sorts of reasons. So what you can do -- I've just said it. Don't just give one, get one. 
We set out to do this. 
Well, we asked him why he wanted to go up and do this. 
We had everything all set in case of an emergency; God knows, you don't want to hurt this world-renowned expert. 
And after that first parabola, you know, the doc said everything is great. He was smiling, and we said go. 
And this man does not look like a 65-year-old wheelchair-bound man. 
Please join us in this epic adventure. 
Can you imagine this five-foot-two woman, standing up to men with guns who want to kill us? 
And so this woman emptied out her suitcase and gave all of her clothes to my mother, and to us, and the toys of her kids, who didn't like that very much, but --  -- that was the only time she cried. 
And in this way, these women enacted a lot of transformation, beautiful transformation. 
Which would seem to suggest that apartheid was entirely the business of men. 
But a friend of mine, called Emmanuel, who was significantly older than me, who'd been a boy soldier during the Biafran war, decided to come with me. 
Which sort of made me feel good, because he'd seen a lot of things. 
Now, when I was growing up, he used to tell me stories about how he used to bayonet people, and their intestines would fall out, but they would keep running. 
It didn't seem like a lot, for this guy who'd seen so much, and to whom the killing of a goat must have seemed such a quotidian experience, still found it in himself to try to protect me. 
Of course, talking about goats makes me think of sheep, and not in good ways. 
So, here was this 14-year-old kid on death row. 
And not everybody on death row was a political prisoner. 
And when he got tired of reading them, he started to teach the men in death row how to read, with these comic books. 
He didn't know what death row meant. 
I'd been there twice, and I was terribly afraid that I was going to die. 
But if the god became unruly and began to ask for human sacrifice, the Igbos would destroy the god. 
I imagine an old man crying here, out of the sight of the overseer. 
♫ Can't these chicks do anything but whine? ♫ ♫ Dance break! Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da. ♫ ♫ Woo-hoo! ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da -- ♫ ♫ yeah, take it off. ♫ ♫ Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da, dum. ♫ ♫ They say cheap objectification isn’t witty -- it’s hot! ♫ 
♫ Equal work and wages worth the fight -- ♫ ♫ sing us a new one. ♫ ♫ On-demand abortion every city -- OK, but no gun control. ♫ ♫ Won’t these women ever get a life? ♫ ♫ Feminists don’t have a sense of humor -- poor Hillary. ♫ ♫ Feminists and vegetarians -- make mine a Big Mac. ♫ ♫ Feminists spread vicious lies and rumors. ♫ ♫ They're far too sensitive to ever be a ham, ♫ 
I spent a few days photographing children in different countries, and like a lot of photographers and a lot of journalists, I always hope that when my pictures were published, they might actually have an effect on a situation, instead of just documenting it. 
In the course of doing the story, I was looking for children who hadn't been photographed before, and the Pearl Buck Foundation told me that they worked with a lot of Americans who were donating money to help some of these kids. 
The family had a small shed on the side of the house, so I said, "Could I sleep in my sleeping bag in the evenings?" 
I had photographed, as I said, a lot of these kids. 
And what struck me immediately in meeting Hyun-Sook was how confident she appeared to be, how happy she seemed to be in her own skin. 
And I would stand at attention, and all the girls would crack up, and it was sort of a little joke. 
And so, when I got outside, I actually gave the translator some money and said, "Please go back and see if you can do something." 
So I said, "Listen, it's really cold, I've come a very long way, do you mind if I just come in for a minute? I'm freezing." 
I sort of had this picture of this incredibly wonderful, bright, happy little child, who now appeared to be very withdrawn, being enslaved by this family. 
And the more I tried talking to him, the less friendly he was getting. 
I made a promise to her grandmother, your mother, that I would find a family, and now I'm so happy that you're going to take care of her." 
And so I went to the hotel, and I found two older Amerasians. 
And so I suggested to the uncle that we go down and meet Father Keene, to find out how the adoption process worked. 
And she assigned one of the older kids to each of the younger kids. 
A lot of the kids who had been adopted actually wrote back to the other kids, telling them about what their life was like with their new families. 
So, it was a really big deal when the letters showed up. 
This may be one of those myth-buster things that we'll have to clear up here, in a minute. 
And they spent a lot of time huddled over a dictionary. 
And the third night, we came back, we'd just gone out to dinner, where you saw the pictures, and we got to the front desk and the guy at the front desk said, "There's no other free rooms on your floor tonight, so if you want to put the kids five floors below you, there's a room there." 
One was absolute terror -- it's like, "Oh, please God, I just want to wake up. 
Here I've been, playing God with my friends' lives, my friends' son, with Natasha's life, and this what you get when you try playing God, is you hurt people. 
We drank a lot of rice wine. We were both so drunk, I couldn't believe it. 
The adoption people told us it was going to take a year for the adoption to go through. 
I had a wonderful deal with Cathay Pacific airlines for many years, where they gave me free passes on all their airlines in return for photography. 
This is 28 hours later in Atlanta. It's a very long flight. 
This is a deal I had with Natasha, which is that when we got to Atlanta she could take -- she could cut off my beard. 
Natasha told me that a lot of the kids thought she was stuck up, because they would talk to her and she wouldn't answer, and they didn't realize she didn't actually speak English very well, in the beginning. 
Now, a lot of parents, when they adopt, actually want to erase their children's history. 
She bought a bright red Karmann Ghia with the money she made working at Burger King. 
♫ Picture yourself in a world where there's no one else, ♫ ♫ nobody anywhere. ♫ ♫ A moment ago, there were voices and faces to look upon, ♫ ♫ you can't see them anywhere. ♫ ♫ Nothing more to say ♫ ♫ and no one left to say it to, anyway. ♫ ♫ Oh, listen to what I say. ♫ ♫ Everybody can be somebody ♫ ♫ and everybody is free to make a difference. ♫ 
♫ Everybody can be somebody. ♫ ♫ Everybody is free to make a difference in this world. ♫ ♫ Now picture a world where the people all feel their worth. ♫ ♫ Children are everywhere. ♫ ♫ Now there is a reason for everyone's time on Earth. ♫ ♫ Wondering why you should care, yeah. ♫ ♫ Nothing more to say ♫ ♫ and only love can see us through, anyway. ♫ 
♫ Oh, listen what I say, yeah. ♫ ♫ Everybody can be somebody ♫ ♫ and everybody is free to make a difference. ♫ ♫ Everybody can be somebody. ♫ ♫ Everybody is free to make a difference. ♫ ♫ You don't have to be a big celebrity ♫ ♫ to feel the power, the power in your soul, no. ♫ ♫ You don't have to be a big star on MTV ♫ 
♫ to realize that in your eyes is a view that only you can see. ♫ ♫ Everybody can be somebody. ♫ ♫ Everybody is free to make a difference in this world. ♫ ♫ You can make a little difference in this world. ♫ ♫ I can make a little difference in this world. ♫ ♫ She can make a little difference in this world. ♫ ♫ He can make a little difference in this world. ♫ 
And I wrote a lot of happy songs on my first record, which I still stand by, but this has got something else in it. 
And the work we have been doing was completely difficult to do and to achieve it. 
So they might go through, pass through the Okapi Faunal Reserve. 
We have been doing research on botany, and we have a small herbarium of 4,500 sheets of plants. 
And this is a bright guy, hard-working person, and Pygmy. 
The second war came while we didn't expect it. 
And for that, they have been having big pressure to leave, to free the area. 
They are now happy sending the news that they have protected the Okapi with the war, because we sent the news that they are killing and poaching everywhere. 
I suspect a lot of people here have the same question I have. 
Now, before I talk more about that technology, let's have a quick look at what human characters look like at the moment in computer games. 
It also means that games aren't really going to be as surprising as they could be, because you only get out of it, at least in terms of the character, what you actually put into it. 
We did get it to work eventually, after tweaking a bit here and there. 
Now, at this stage, it also became clear that this could be very exciting for things like computer games or online worlds. 
What you see here is the character standing there, and there's an obstacle that we put in its way. 
I'm going to push it a bit harder now, harder than I just pushed Chris. 
At the moment, you only have empty computer graphics in games. 
We just took this character that I just talked about, put it on a slippery surface, and this is what you get out of it. 
Because stunts are obviously very dangerous, they're very expensive, and there are a lot of stunt scenes that you cannot do, obviously, because you can't really allow the stuntman to be seriously hurt. 
And that's our first product that we're going to release in a couple of weeks. 
 There are much worse videos than this, by the way, which I have taken out, but ... 
It's even worse -- and that is another video I just got last night -- if you render that a bit more realistically. 
Now, one thing which we did for a laugh was to create a slightly more complex stunt scene, and one of the most famous stunts is the one where James Bond jumps off a dam in Switzerland and then is caught by a bungee. 
Now, this could do with a bit more work. It's still very early stages, and we pretty much just did this for a laugh, just to see what we'd get out of it. 
We are ourselves surprised what you actually get out of the simulations. 
We're going to simulate the gait of a particular child and the surgeon can then work on that simulation and try out different ways to improve that gait, before he actually commits to an actual surgery. 
But this is what emerged out of it, in the end. 
So, this was not something we actually put in there. 
Not quite John Travolta yet, but we're working on that as well, so thanks very much for your time. 
My most recent book -- my previous book was called "The Know-It-All," and it was about the year I spent reading the Encyclopedia Britannica from A to Z in my quest to learn everything in the world, or more precisely from Aak, which is a type of East Asian music, all the way to Zwyiec, which is -- well, I don't want to ruin the ending. 
As you can imagine, I spent a lot of time at airport security. 
The Bible says you cannot wear clothes made of mixed fibers, so I thought, "Sounds strange, but I'll try it." 
 That one I followed by default, by not getting in a fight with a man whose wife was standing nearby, looking like she had a strong grip. 
So, you know, if you want to become more compassionate, you visit sick people in the hospital, and you will become more compassionate. 
And they go through these amazing mental gymnastics to accomplish this. 
So, whatever you think of creationism -- and I think it's crazy -- they did a great job. 
But I was saying thanks all the time, every day, and I started to change my perspective. 
This one happened because I spent a lot of time with various religious communities throughout America because I wanted it to be more than about my journey. 
If a guy from Mars came down and saw, here's one guy blowing out the fire on top of a cake versus another guy not wearing clothes of mixed fabrics, would the Martians say, 'Well, that guy, he makes sense, but that guy's crazy?'" So no, I think that rituals are, by nature, irrational. 
That will blow away a lot of the opposition. 
Ocean -- probably the most likely place for life to originate, just as it originated on the Earth. So we would love to explore Europa, to go down through the ice, find out who is swimming around in the ocean, whether there are fish or seaweed or sea monsters -- whatever there may be that's exciting --- or cephalopods. 
We don't know just how thick it is, probably miles thick, so it's very expensive and very difficult to go down there -- send down your submarine or whatever it is -- and explore. 
Go out a bit further, you'll find that beyond the orbit of Neptune, way out, far from the Sun, that's where the real estate really begins. 
You'll find millions or trillions or billions of objects which, in what we call the Kuiper Belt or the Oort Cloud -- these are clouds of small objects which appear as comets when they fall close to the Sun. Mostly, they just live out there but they are biologically very interesting indeed, because they consist primarily of ice with other minerals, which are just the right ones for developing life. 
There is a -- imagine that life originated on Europa, and it was sitting in the ocean for billions of years. 
You can imagine that the plants growing up like kelp through cracks in the ice, growing on the surface. 
So they would have to have -- these creatures, which I call sunflowers, which I imagine living on the surface of Europa, would have to have either lenses or mirrors to concentrate sunlight, so they could keep themselves warm on the surface. 
They said, "It's all right, you can detect radio waves from the Sun, but the Sun is the only object in the universe that's close enough and bright enough actually to be detectable. You can easily calculate that radio waves from the Sun are fairly faint, and everything else in the universe is millions of times further away, so it certainly will not be detectable. 
So, the farmers go out at night with heavily armed jeeps, and shine the headlights, and anything that doesn't look like a sheep, you shoot. 
So these creatures will be bright against the cold surroundings. 
So, in fact, you can look for these creatures with telescopes from the Earth. 
But if you live in a vacuum, if you live on the surface of one of these objects, say, in the Kuiper Belt, this -- an object like Pluto, or one of the smaller objects in the neighborhood of Pluto, and you happened -- if you're living on the surface there, and you get knocked off the surface by a collision, then it doesn't change anything all that much. 
They look like, maybe like sunflowers. 
What's going to happen in the end, it's not going to be just humans colonizing space, it's going to be life moving out from the Earth, moving it into its kingdom. And the kingdom of life, of course, is going to be the universe. And if life is already there, it makes it much more exciting, in the short run. 
So again, we have a big and wonderful future to look forward. 
But love isn't always a happy experience. 
In one study of college students, they asked a lot of questions about love, but the two that stood out to me the most were, "Have you ever been rejected by somebody who you really loved?" 
And the obsession can get worse when you've been rejected. 
So, right now, Lucy Brown and I, the neuroscientist on our project, are looking at the data of the people who were put into the machine after they had just been dumped. 
Two thousand years later, we can explain this in the brain. 
I think of all the poetry that I've read about romantic love, what sums it up best is something that is said by Plato, over 2,000 years ago. 
It's been about eight months, she's beginning to feel better. 
And I think that this is really the origin of what you and I call "love at first sight." 
I never would have even thought to think of this, but Match.com, the Internet-dating site, came to me three years ago and asked me that question. 
I know what happens in the brain, when you do become in love, but I don't know why you fall in love with one person And so, I've spent the last three years on this. 
So, I will close with this. These are my older people. 
Indeed, we carry a lot of luggage from our yesteryear in the human brain. 
As a clergyman, you can imagine how out of place I feel. 
I have phlebitis at the moment, in both legs, and that's the reason that I had to have a little help in getting up here, because I have Parkinson's disease in addition to that, and some other problems that I won't talk about. 
Even the most sophisticated among us seem powerless to break this cycle. 
And I'd been to Russia several times under the Communists, and they'd given me marvelous freedom that I didn't expect. 
Many commentators have said that death is the forbidden subject of our generation. 
But death is inevitable. 
And yet, a few years earlier, death never crossed their mind. 
He was astounded at the phenomenon we've been considering: that people can achieve extraordinary heights in science, the arts and human enterprise, yet they also are full of anger, hypocrisy and have -- and self-hatreds. 
Can you imagine that? "I am the truth. 
KT: I'm so afraid of what I'm going to see. 
KB: Second sight is whereby a mind-control expert can see through somebody else's eyes. 
Now, most people here would automatically say no. 
A lot of people try to come up with a logical solution to what just happened, all right. 
But because your brains are not trained in the art of deception, the solutions you come up with will, 99 percent of the time, be way off the mark. 
OK, now, imagine the connection, OK. 
I want you to imagine all the negative energy from that broken relationship, from that guy, being imparted into the broken piece of glass, which will represent him, OK. 
Think of that guy, that ba -- that guy. 
Now, imagine all that negative energy in there. 
Imagine his name and imagine him inside the glass. 
And I want you to release that negative energy by shaking it from side to side.   That was a lot of negative energy, built up in there. 
  I also want you to look at me and think of his name. 
OK, think of how many letters in the title of his name. 
Think of one of the letters in the title. 
Now, Steve -- oh, you can check underneath. 
Go ahead, I've no fancy assistants underneath there. 
KB: Yes, and just to help you out, I'll block them from view, so nobody can see what you're doing. 
I'll also look away. So, go ahead and mix them up, now. 
No messing around this time. OK, go ahead, mix them up. 
 SJ: I'm going to say no. KB: Good decision. 
 If anybody wants to see some sleight of hand later on, I'll be outside. 
Well, for more than 60 years, psychology worked within the disease model. 
And what was good about psychology, about the 30 billion dollar investment NIMH made, about working in the disease model, about what you mean by psychology, is that, 60 years ago, none of the disorders were treatable -- it was entirely smoke and mirrors. 
We forgot about a mission to make relatively untroubled people happier, more fulfilled, more productive. And "genius," "high-talent," became a dirty word. 
And the third problem about the disease model is, in our rush to do something about people in trouble, in our rush to do something about repairing damage, it never occurred to us to develop interventions to make people happier, positive interventions. 
And starting about six years ago, we asked about extremely happy people. 
And to ask that question -- happy is not a word I use very much -- we've had to break it down into what I think is askable about happy. 
And I believe there are three different -- and I call them different because different interventions build them, it's possible to have one rather than the other -- The first happy life is the pleasant life. 
The question is, is Len unhappy? And I want to say not. 
And this is indeed the characteristic of what we think of as the good life. 
What you get out of that is not smiley-ness. 
You don't look like Debbie Reynolds. 
Conversely, if you have none of the three, the empty life, the sum is less than the parts. 
That is, it is possible for these three drivers of our world to increase happiness, to increase positive emotion, and that's typically how they've been used. 
So in conclusion, the eleventh reason for optimism, in addition to the space elevator, is that I think with technology, entertainment and design, we can actually increase the amount of tonnage of human happiness on the planet. 
And if technology can, in the next decade or two, increase the pleasant life, the good life and the meaningful life, it will be good enough. 
If entertainment can be diverted to also increase positive emotion, meaning, eudaimonia, it will be good enough. 
And if design can increase positive emotion, eudaimonia, and flow and meaning, what we're all doing together will become good enough. Thank you. 
Now, I know that's a dirty word for some people, but we evolved from common ancestors with the gorillas, the chimpanzee and also the bonobos. 
A group of dedicated young men and women walk very slowly out across vast areas of Africa, looking for small fragments of bone, fossil bone, that may be on the surface. 
And all the sediment is then put through these screens, and where we go again through it very carefully, looking for small bone fragments, and it's then washed. 
And then you hope that one of us lot will walk around and find small pieces of you. 
But I was very lucky to have been brought up in Kenya, essentially accompanying my parents to Lake Turkana in search of human remains. 
He had a scoliosis and therefore must have been looked after quite carefully by other female, and probably much smaller, members of his family group, to have got to where he did in life, age 12. 
And he remained there until 1.6 million years later, when this very famous fossil hunter, Kamoya Kimeu, walked along a small hillside and found that small piece of his skull lying on the surface amongst the pebbles, recognized it as being hominid. 
Just to put this in terms of generations, because people do find it hard to think of time, Homo erectus left Africa 90,000 generations ago. 
From very primitive beginnings, with a very crude tool kit of stones, we now have a very advanced tool kit, and our tool use has really reached unprecedented levels: we've got buggies to Mars; we've mapped the human genome; and recently even created synthetic life, thanks to Craig Venter. 
Well, to end on a very positive note, I think evolutionarily speaking, this is probably a fairly good thing, in the end. 
Anyway, it was a time when I was mainly interested in collecting imaginary stories. 
And that idea of a partial glimpse is something that will come back in a lot of the work I'll be showing later today. 
And the color of each dot corresponds to the type of feeling inside, so the bright ones are happy, and the dark ones are sad. 
So the small ones are short, and the bigger ones are longer. 
As you can see, "We Feel Fine" collects very, very small-scale personal stories. 
So I went up there, and I lived with these guys out in their whaling camp here, and photographed the entire experience, beginning with the taxi ride to Newark airport in New York, and ending with the butchering of the second whale, seven and a half days later. 
What are the things that make up a story? 
They have colors. What do they look like? 
Cigarette break outside -- I don't smoke. 
Skipping ahead a bit more here, this is Rony on the whale carcass. 
So, just yesterday, I flew in here from Singapore, and before that, I was spending two weeks in Bhutan, the small Himalayan kingdom nestled between Tibet and India. 
And I was doing a project there about happiness, interviewing a lot of local people. 
So, you have some really happy person holding 10 balloons, and some really sad soul holding one balloon. 
She thinks that women have a pretty tough go of things in Bhutan, and it's a lot easier if you're a boy. 
One of the more touchy political subjects in Bhutan is the use of Indian cheap labor that they import from India to build the roads, and then they send these people home once the roads are built. 
I just thought that was amazing. I mean, she spoke in a way -- with amazing English, and amazing humor, and amazing laughter -- that made her seem like somebody I could have bumped into on the streets of New York, or in Vermont, where I'm from. 
JH: Yeah, but -- yeah, OK. Do you hope -- would you prefer to live in the cave for 40 years, or to live for one year? 
So if any of you have any Bhutan travel plans in the near future, you can go check these out. Here are some images from that. 
You can talk about creationism -- which I think wouldn't go down well with this audience, at least not from a view where you were a proponent of it -- or you can talk about optimisations, spelled the British way, with an S, instead of a Z. 
But any kind of conversation about architecture -- which is, in fact, what you were just talking about, what was going on here, setting up TED, small-scale architecture -- at the present time can't really happen without a conversation about this, the World Trade Center, and what's been going on there, what it means to us. 
Now, I don't know what you think, but I think this is a pretty stupid decision, because what you've done is just made a permanent memorial to destruction by making it look like the destruction is going to continue forever. 
Or the way we went to describe that later: manifest destiny. 
And that kind of fight has gone on back and forth in architecture all the time. 
We all want to go out and buy an Audi TT, don't we? 
This is just the outline of it, and you can see, does it look like a regular building? No. 
Here's the little drawing that tells them how that works -- and that's what will happen in the end. 
It's not to create a technological solution, it's to seduce you into something that you can do, into something that will please you, something that will lift your spirits, something that will make you feel as if are in another world -- such as his Nobu restaurant in New York, which is supposed to take you from the clutter of New York City to the simplicity of Japan and the elegance of Japanese tradition. 
"When it's all said and done, it's got to look like seaweed," said the owner. 
So all of the things that we've seen come about, starting, say, with satellite images of the whole Earth, which we couldn't even imagine happening before, all these things rolling into our lives, just this abundance of things that are right before us, sitting in front of our laptop, or our desktop. 
So here's the specifications, just as if you were to make up a spec sheet for it: 170 quadrillion transistors, 55 trillion links, emails running at two megahertz itself, 31 kilohertz text messaging, 246 exabyte storage. That's a big disk. 
That's a lot of storage, memory. Nine exabyte RAM. 
So let me go through those three things. 
And everything will go through the Web. 
Right now, phones don't go through the Web, but they are beginning to, and they will. 
And if you imagine what, say, just as an example, what Google Labs has in terms of experiments with Google Docs, Google Spreadsheets, blah, blah, blah -- all these things are going to become Web based. 
So you begin to think of a shoe as a chip with heels, and a car as a chip with wheels, because basically most of the cost of manufacturing cars is the embedded intelligence and electronics in it, and not the materials. 
The reason why things are free is so that you can manipulate them, not so that they are "free" as in "beer," but "free" as in "freedom." 
Why should you be doing that? You should just do that once, and it should know who all your friends are. 
And we kind of object at first, saying, "Oh, that's awful." 
We cannot imagine ourselves without the alphabet and writing. 
And so in the same way, we're going to not imagine ourselves without this other machine being there. 
What people didn't realize, and I'm just beginning to realize right now, is that we pay a huge price for the speed that we claim is a big advantage of these computers. 
Now, let's compare this with the brain. 
So the question is, how is the brain able to achieve this kind of efficiency? 
Let's just take a look about how the brain works, and then I'll compare that with how computers work. 
How does that compare with the way computers work? 
In the computer, you have all the data going through the central processing unit, and any piece of data basically has to go through that bottleneck, whereas in the brain, what you have is these neurons, and the data just really flows through a network of connections among the neurons. There's no bottleneck here. 
And nobody was listening then, but now people are beginning to listen because there's a pressing, technological problem that we face. 
And what you have here is, when you actually turn on the gate, you get an increase in the amount of current, and you get a steady flow of current. 
Now, what's happening is that as transistors are getting smaller and smaller and smaller, they no longer behave like this. 
And even when you close the pore -- which neurons can do, they can open and close these pores to generate electrical activity -- even when it's closed, because these ions are so small, they can actually sneak through, a few can sneak through at a time. 
Transistors are getting smaller to allow this to happen, and technology has really benefitted from that. 
But what's happening now is that in 2015, the transistor is going to become so small, that it corresponds to only one electron at a time can flow through that channel, and that corresponds to a single ion channel. 
Let me explain what you're going to see, OK, because it's putting out different kinds of information, it's not as straightforward as a camera. 
And this is the same thing you see when people compress video to send: they want to make it very sparse, because that file is smaller. And this is what the retina is doing, and it's doing it just with the circuitry, and how this network of neurons that are interacting in there, which we've captured on the chip. 
So this image here is going to look like these ones, but here I'll show you that we can reconstruct the image, so, you know, you can almost recognize Kareem in that top part there. 
And what I would like us to do is put Africa in the computer, and come up with a new kind of computer that will generate thought, imagination, be creative and things like that. 
And I think a lot of people in Africa have this different perspective, and I think that's going to impact technology. 
And I think you're going to be able to see, use that infusion, to come up with new things, because you're coming from a different perspective. 
CA: Thanks Kwabena, that was really interesting. 
Origami revolves around crease patterns. 
The crease pattern shown here is the underlying blueprint for an origami figure. 
The first law is two-colorability. You can color any crease pattern with just two colors without ever having the same color meeting. 
Or you can ramp up and go up to 50 stars on a flag, with 13 stripes. 
So how do we do that? Well, we break it down into a few smaller steps. 
And I'm going to show you all how to do that so you can go out of here and fold something. 
But we're going to start small. 
This base has a lot of flaps in it. 
Well, if I unfold it and go back to the crease pattern, you can see that the upper left corner of that shape is the paper that went into the flap. 
If I make the flaps skinnier, I can use a bit less paper. 
What if I want to make something that has a lot of flaps? 
But computers -- you need to be able to describe things in very basic terms, and with this, we could. 
 And you just draw a stick figure, and it calculates the crease pattern. 
It does the circle packing, calculates the crease pattern, and if you use that stick figure that I just showed -- which you can kind of tell, it's a deer, it's got antlers -- you'll get this crease pattern. 
And if you take this crease pattern, you fold on the dotted lines, you'll get a base that you can then shape into a deer, with exactly the crease pattern that you wanted. 
So, imagine a lens the size of a football field. 
And rockets are small. So you have to make it smaller. 
How do you make a large sheet of glass smaller? 
This was a small model. 
The problem that's being solved here is something that needs to be big and sheet-like at its destination, but needs to be small for the journey. 
It holds open a blocked artery when it gets to its destination, but it needs to be much smaller for the trip there, through your blood vessels. 
Airbag designers also have the problem of getting flat sheets into a small space. 
Those are the origami creases forming, and now you can see the airbag inflate and find out, does it work? 
And I'm going to tell you a little bit about later on. 
How do we explain that diversity? 
Now, the problem of human diversity, like all big scientific questions -- how do you explain something like that -- can be broken down into sub-questions. 
And it is quite clear that apes originated on the African continent. 
You think you've got a tough job? 
But looking around the world at the diversity of humans, he said, "Well, you know, we seem to come in discreet sub-species or categories." 
Very little. Very little. Morphology and a lot of guesswork. 
If you take all the DNA out of every cell in your body, and you stretch it end to end, it would reach from here to the moon and back, thousands of times. It's a lot of information. 
And so when you're copying this DNA molecule to pass it on, it's a pretty tough job. 
Imagine the longest book you can think of, "War and Peace." 
And imagine copying that by hand. 
Turn them on their sides, combine them so that they look like a tree with the root at the bottom and the branches going up. 
Why was it that we seem to have come out of Africa so recently? 
Well, that's a big question. These "why" questions, particularly in genetics and the study of history in general, are always the big ones, the ones that are tough to answer. 
Now, Africa is the most tropical continent on the planet -- about 85 percent of it lies between Cancer and Capricorn -- and there aren't a lot of glaciers here, except on the high mountains here in East Africa. 
And the human habitat was reduced to just a few small pockets, compared to what we have today. 
Now, at the risk of offending any paleoanthropologists or physical anthropologists in the audience, basically there's not a lot of change between these two stone tool groups. 
Probably, according to what many linguists believe, fully modern language, syntactic language -- subject, verb, object -- that we use to convey complex ideas, like I'm doing now, appeared around that time. 
A slightly later migration up into the Middle East. 
Entering Europe around 35,000 years ago, and finally, a small group migrating up through the worst weather imaginable, Siberia, inside the Arctic Circle, during the last ice age -- temperature was at -70, -80, even -100, perhaps -- migrating into the Americas, ultimately reaching that final frontier. 
We've just connected the dots. What we need to do is increase our sample size by an order of magnitude or more -- hundreds of thousands of DNA samples from people all over the world." 
So the project is going very, very well, and I urge you to check out the website and watch this space. 
Photographer Nick Nichols went to document a very small and relatively unknown wildlife sanctuary in Chad, called Zakouma. 
And Nick ended up with a lot of pictures of the rear ends of baboons. 
And I said, "Well, you know, that might be a bit ambitious for our budget." 
We also want to look for solutions. 
So you can imagine Paul was maybe a little bit hesitant about getting into the water. 
And he said he was never really afraid of this. 
To her, here was this big, goofy creature in the water that for some reason didn't seem to be interested in chasing penguins. 
Paul set out to photograph a relatively mysterious and unknown creature, and came back with not just a collection of photographs, but an amazing experience and a great story. 
For most of my research career, I've been using accelerators, such as the electron accelerator at Stanford University, just up the road, to study things on the smallest scale. 
Because, as I'll explain to you, the questions on the smallest and the largest scale are actually very connected. 
So what you would expect is that if you measured the orbital speed of the stars, that they should be slower on the edges than on the inside. 
In other words, if we measured speed as a function of distance -- this is the only time I'm going to show a graph, OK -- we would expect that it goes down as the distance increases from the center of the galaxy. 
Or if we look in other parts of the electromagnetic spectrum, we see that there's a lot of gas in this cluster, as well. 
Now, suppose I put in the middle a cluster of galaxies -- and don't forget the dark matter, OK. 
So a ray of light could go down, be bent up into the observer's eye, and the observer sees a ray of light here. 
Now, you can do an experiment tonight over the reception, OK, to figure out what that image will look like. 
So this is the closest you can get to kind of seeing at least the effects of the dark matter with your naked eye. 
So if we imagine a section of our infinite universe -- and so I've put down four spiral galaxies, OK -- and imagine that you put down a set of tape measures, so every line on here corresponds to a tape measure, horizontal or vertical, for measuring where things are. 
So a little over a decade ago, two groups of physicists and astronomers set out to measure the rate at which the expansion of space was slowing down, OK. 
So we need something to be able to explain that. 
I mean that we have mathematically consistent theories that were actually introduced to explain a completely different phenomenon, OK, things that I haven't even talked about, that each predict the existence of a very weakly interacting, new particle. 
Now, we look for these dark matter particles because, after all, they are here in the room, OK, and they didn't come in the door. 
So one way to look for them is to build detectors that are extremely sensitive to a dark matter particle coming through and bumping it. 
There's going to be a satellite telescope launched later this year and it will look towards the middle of the galaxy, to see if we can see dark matter particles annihilating and producing gamma rays that could be detected with this. 
The Large Hadron Collider, a particle physics accelerator, that we'll be turning on later this year. 
Now, unfortunately, there is a lot of new physics whose signature could be missing energy, so it will be hard to tell the difference. 
And I'm sure you have lots of questions, which I very much look forward to addressing over the next 72 hours, while I'm here. Thank you. 
I will explain later. One, two, three, four, five. 
So, please mix them. 
 No, now and then I put in a mistake, just to emphasize how difficult it is. 
Please name any card, anyone. 
So that's a tough challenge, right? 
This is a tough one, because here I must take advantage of -- I switch it with the five of clubs. 
 Now, I put the laser here, and -- now, when I deal the cards in the laser, I know where they are but -- yes? 
 Wait, wait, wait -- please take any card. 
Go ahead. Yeah, good. I like the empathy. 
He'll find Jamie wherever he is, you know, wherever kids are, crushing rocks by a stream or something, and take him a little message that says, "Hey, dinner's ready. Come in for dinner." 
And I can imagine this dog, you know, speaking through the fence to, say, an Akita, saying, "Wow, my owners, they are so incredibly easy to train. 
I bet a lot of you do, right? 
A lot of the aggression happened around the kitchen, so while I was there -- this was on the fourth visit -- we did a four and a half hour down-stay, with the dog on his mat. 
The dog broke his down-stay 22 times in four and a half hours, while she cooked dinner, because we had a lot of aggression related towards food. 
And a lot of my friends train really neat animals, grizzly bears -- if you've ever seen a grizzly bear on the telly or in film, then it's a friend of mine who's trained it -- killer whales. I love it because it wires you up. 
I was walking onto a plane -- this, for me, was a pivotal moment in my career, and it really cemented what I wanted to do with this whole puppy-training thing, the notion of how to teach puppies in a dog-friendly way to want to do what we want to do, so we don't have to force them. 
You see it especially in the workplace, especially from boss to employee. 
In order to do this, it's a lot of hardware and software that runs in a very high resolution. 
He just got tired of being in front of an audience, and felt like -- a performing monkey was, in fact, his term. 
This is -- we have a fairly complex process that, you know, software and musicians and so on, but when we're all done, we know that the ear is the final arbiter. 
Lots of you can afford to buy one of these. 
And I got to tell you, if you haven't heard high-definition surround, go down to your audio dealer, your audiophile dealer. 
Your eyes are pretty happy with some color and movement, you know. 
Every time you listen to a recording today, every time you take out your iPod and whatever, every time you listen to it, it's the same thing -- it's frozen. 
And I must say, I think Emeka is trying to send a lot of subliminal messages, because I'm going to keep harping on some of the issues that have come up. 
But I'm going to try and do something different, and try and just close the loop with some of my personal stories, and try and put a face to a lot of the issues that we've been talking about. 
So, Africa is a complex continent full of contradictions, as you can see. 
Now, when I was born, they realized they had a pretty smart kid, and they didn't want me to go to the neighborhood school, which was free. 
You know, someone would come in with a list of the people who haven't paid school fees, and when they started getting pretty strict, you had to leave, until your school fees could be paid. 
And I remember thinking, I mean, why don't these guys just take me to a cheap school? 
And I had gone to school with other girls, who were kids of politicians, and who had done much, much worse than I did, and they had slots there. 
And there's nothing worse than seeing your parent being humiliated in front of you, you know? 
He got sick again. 
He got sick again. He got sick on a Friday. 
And, you know, now, imagine if -- and I could go on and on -- imagine if this is all you know about me. 
With two paychecks, or three paychecks, I could solve a lot of my family's problems. 
And basically, we started this because we were tired of complaining about our politicians. 
So Mzalendo was one small way we thought we could start inspiring people to start holding their leaders accountable. 
And I'd ask all of you, when you leave here, please just share, and keep the ideas that you've gotten out of here going, because it can make a difference. 
And sometimes just taking an interest in the individual, in the fellows you've met, and the businesspeople you've met, it can make a huge difference, especially in Africa, because usually the individual in Africa carries a lot of people behind them. 
Booted up in a cell, the program would execute, and it could result in this person; or with a small change, it could result in this person; or another small change, this person; or with a larger change, this dog, or this tree, or this whale. 
But one, to me, that's most compelling is the peculiar sensitivity to small changes that can make large changes in biological development -- the output. 
A small mutation can take a two-wing fly and make it a four-wing fly. 
Now, a hallmark of computer programs is just this kind of sensitivity to small changes. 
So these small changes are things that I think that -- they indicate to us that a complicated computation in development is underlying these amplified, large changes. 
And there are a lot of people doing this, a lot of synthetic biologists doing this, like Craig Venter. 
If we succeed, what will molecular programming look like? 
You're going to design something like a cell phone, and in a high-level language, you'll describe that cell phone. 
And if you buy all of this, and you think life is about computation, as I do, then you look at big questions through the eyes of a computer scientist. 
This is exactly analogous to the question, what's the smallest program I can write that will act exactly like Microsoft Word? 
 And just as he's writing, you know, bacteria that will be smaller, he's writing genomes that will work, we could write smaller programs that would do what Microsoft Word does. 
So, this is normal DNA, what you think of as normal DNA. 
But a lot of their approaches, though elegant, take a long time. 
So it's very promising for making small computers. 
So, you can come up with a set of tiles that when they come together, form a little binary counter rather than a checkerboard. 
But if we use a little computation -- we use origami, plus some tiles that count -- then we can get away with using 100, 200 or 300 DNA strands. 
 So, it turns out we actually had this idea nine years ago, and that's about the time constant for how long it takes to do these kinds of things, so I think we made a lot of progress. 
I want you to remember that to create life's very diverse and complex forms, life uses computation to do that. 
I'm going to try and explain why it is that perhaps we don't understand as much as we think we do. 
So the first question, and you might want to write this down, either on a bit of paper, physically, or a virtual piece of paper in your head. And, for viewers at home, you can try this as well. 
Was he beheaded in the end, or hung? 
Now, I guarantee that about 85 percent of you, or maybe it's fewer at TED, will have said it comes out of the ground. And some people, probably two of you, will come up and argue with me afterwards, and say that actually, it comes out of the ground. 
Now, I have some rather bad news, which is that I had a piece of video that I was about to show you, which unfortunately -- the sound doesn't work in this room, so I'm going to describe to you, in true "Monty Python" fashion, what happens in the video. And in the video, a group of researchers go to MIT on graduation day. 
Right? That would explain it, right? 
That's what you show people, right? These are from textbooks, from websites, educational websites -- and almost anything you pick up is like that. 
So, these mental models -- we look for evidence that reinforces our models. 
We do this, of course, with matters of race, and politics, and everything else, and we do it in science as well. So we look, just look -- and scientists do it, constantly -- we look for evidence that reinforces our models, and some folks are just all too able and willing to provide the evidence that reinforces the models. 
And, if you look at the, kind of the way these things are constructed, there's a lot of mediation by glass, and it's very blue, and kind of professional -- in that way that, you know, Woody Allen comes up from under the sheets in that scene in "Annie Hall," and said, "God, that's so professional." And that you don't -- there's no passion in it, and it's not hands on, right, 
So, children are not empty vessels, OK? 
So we're not empty vessels; the mental models that we have as children persist into adulthood. 
Same for gravity, two concepts, so it's -- which is quite humbling, as a, you know, if you're a teacher, and you look before and after, that's quite worrying. They do worse in tests afterwards, after the teaching. 
This morning we've heard a lot of whispers about Tom Reilly's wrap-up on Saturday. Einstein, did you hear whispers? 
A lot of her research goes on in caves, which can get pretty dusty. 
SW: Yeah. It's all a lot of hard work. 
E: Happy birthday to you. 
E: Happy birthday to you. 
E: Happy birthday to you. 
E: Happy birthday to you. 
It drove us to the moon. We -- literally in fear -- with the Soviet Union raced to the moon. And we have these huge rocks, you know, killer-sized rocks in the hundreds of thousands or millions out there, and while the probability is very small, the impact, figured in literally, of one of these hitting the Earth is so huge that to spend a small fraction looking, searching, preparing to defend, is not unreasonable. 
My plan is to actually buy puts on the precious metal market, and then actually claim that I'm going to go out and get one. 
They had to make up everything. 
We shouldn't be happy in standing for that. 
The entrepreneurs in the space business are the furry mammals, and clearly the industrial-military complex -- with Boeing and Lockheed and NASA -- are the dinosaurs. 
We've done two so far. We'll be announcing two more on the Soyuz to go up to the space station for 20 million dollars. 
But how cheap could it get? I want to give you the end point. 
We know -- 20 million dollars today, you can go and buy a ticket, but how cheap could it get? 
 But guys, if history has taught us anything, it's that if you can imagine it, you will get there eventually. 
 Pilot: Release our fire. 
 So -- and the best thing is they paid off and the check didn't bounce. 
 We've had a lot of accomplishments and it's been a tremendous success. 
One of the things I'm most happy about is that the SpaceShipOne is going to hang in Air and Space Museum, next to the Spirit of St. Louis and the Wright Flyer. 
 Narrator: For a chance to win the first free ticket to space, look for specially marked packages of Diet 7-Up. 
If you were going to go and try to create SpaceShipOne, or any kind of a new technology, you have to fund that from the beginning and maintain that funding with an uncertain outcome. 
It may or may not happen. But if you put up a prize, the beautiful thing is, you know, it's a very small maintenance fee, and you pay on success. 
And then you have to convince others, so that they can, in fact, help you raise the funds, and then you've got to deal with the fact that you've got government bureaucracies and institutions that don't want you to move those things forward, and you have to deal with failures. What a prize does, what we've experienced a prize doing, is literally help to short-circuit or support all of these things, 
So, as an organization, we put together a prize discovery process of how to come up with prizes and write the rules, and we're actually looking at creating prizes in a number of different categories. 
Craig Venter has just joined our board and we're doing a rapid genome sequencing prize with him, we'll be announcing later this fall, about -- imagine being able to sequence anybody's DNA for under 1,000 dollars, revolutionize medicine. 
Despite their middle age, if you've been following the themes of this conference or the entertainment industry, it's pretty clear that one has been picking on the other. 
So it's about time that we talked about how the computer ambushed television, or why the invention of the atomic bomb unleashed forces that lead to the writers' strike. 
 Girl 1: Well, I think it's important but, like, not necessary because you can do a lot of other stuff with your free time than watch programs. 
We go through periods of enthrallment, followed by reactions in boardrooms, in the finance community best characterized as, what's the finance term? Ick pooey. 
And I had a happy brush with convergence until, kind of, Warner basically has to liquidate the whole thing. 
PH: You know, so much was worked out: the first real-time interaction, the video display, pointing a gun. It lead to the microcomputer, but unfortunately, it was too pricey for the Navy, and all of this would have been lost if it weren't for a happy coincidence. 
And you can imagine that the Air Force became a pretty good salesman. 
This new computer, built to become the nerve center of a defense network, is able to perform all the complex mathematical problems involved in countering a mass enemy raid. 
You saw how huge it was, and to give you a sense for this -- because we've talked a lot about Moore's law and making things small at this conference, so let's talk about making things large. 
But like, let's imagine we took the latest Pentium processor, the latest Core 2 Extreme, which is a four-core processor that Intel's working on, it will be our laptop tomorrow. 
And then, the 92 nuclear power plants that it would take to provide the power would fill up the rest of Los Angeles. 
That's roughly a third more nuclear power than all of France creates. 
"Pete, I could use any ordinary open-source crayon, why do I have to buy theirs?" 
Turns out they told us directly that these are the only crayons you should ever use with your Winky Dink Magic Window, other crayons may discolor or hurt the window. 
And actually, ending the career of a lot of people at CBS. 
And so the global village is as big as a planet, and as small as a village post office. 
Engelbart came out of a pretty dry engineering culture, but while he was beginning to do his work, all of this stuff was bubbling on the mid-peninsula. 
Meanwhile, in California, we were trying to commercialize a lot of this stuff. 
The most involved method is to go ahead and produce your own videodisc as well as build your own HyperCard stacks. 
By far the simplest method is to buy a pre-made videodisc and HyperCard stacks from a commercial supplier. 
Now, as long as we confine this to the education market, and a personal matter between the computer and the file system, that's fine, but as you can see, it was about to leap out and upset Jack Valenti and a lot of other people. 
The year is 1993 and he was working on a book and I was working on a video to help him kind of explain where we were all heading and how to popularize all this. 
We were plenty aware that we were messing with media, and on the surface, it looks like we predicted a lot of the right things, but we also missed an awful lot. Let's take a look. 
Voice 1: Say, mom, Windows for Radio means more enjoyment and greater ease of use for the whole family. 
At stake: the battle for you, the consumer, and the right to spend billions to send a lot of information into the parlors of America.  PH: We missed a lot. You know, you missed, we missed the Internet, the long tail, the role of the audience, open systems, social networks. 
It just goes to show how tough it is to come up with the right uses of media. 
I now think a network boss is anyone who has a cable modem. 
To show you how schizophrenic this all is, here's the head of MySpace, or Fox Interactive, a News Corp company, being asked, well, with the writers' strike, isn't this going to hurt News Corp and help you online? 
And I think this is beginning to happen in the entertainment business. 
They think of the old medium, because the old medium is always the content of the new medium, as movies tend to be the content of TV, and as books used to be the content, novels used to be the content of movies. 
And whereas television may have gotten beat up, what's getting built is a really exciting new form of communication, and we kind of have the merger of the two industries and a new way of thinking to look at it. 
And I want to pick up with my talk this evening from where Zeray left off yesterday. 
Well, if you look in textbooks today that deal with human evolution, you very often find people speculating about how early humans may have behaved, based on the behavior of chimpanzees. 
And young chimpanzees spend a lot of time watching what their elders do. 
And we believe that it's in this way that the different tool-using behaviors -- that have now been seen in all the different chimpanzee populations studied in Africa -- how these are passed from one generation to the next, through observation, imitation and practice, so that we can describe these tool-using behaviors as primitive culture. 
And these chimpanzees, living their complex social lives in the wild, have helped -- more than anything else -- to make us realize we are part of, and not separated from, the amazing animals with whom we share the planet. 
And very poor people -- they couldn't afford to buy food from elsewhere. 
It started small with 12 villages. It's now in 24. 
Most important of all, I believe, is working with small groups of women, providing them with opportunities for micro-credit loans. 
Empowering women, working with education, providing scholarships for girls so they can finish secondary school, in the clear understanding that, all around the world, as women's education improves, family size drops. 
And as these villages have a better standard of life, they are actually agreeing to put between 10 percent and 20 percent of their land in the highlands aside, so that once again, as the trees grow back, the chimpanzees will have leafy corridors through which they can travel to interact -- as they must for genetic viability -- with other remnant groups outside the National Park. 
There is a great deal of poverty. 
And the numbers of people living in an area that the land cannot support, who are too poor to buy food, who can't move away because the whole land is degraded. 
Shoots seem tiny; to reach the sun they can break through a brick wall. 
That's a very important component of Roots and Shoots, with older kids talking to younger ones. 
Hope. That's the question I get asked as I'm going around the world: "Jane, you've seen so many terrible things, you've seen your chimpanzees decrease in number from about one million, at the turn of the century, to no more than 150,000 now, and the same with so many other animals. 
And I mean, think of the technologies. 
Now let's link them, and it's beginning to happen, isn't it? 
You've heard about it this afternoon. It's beginning to happen. 
And just to think of one or two people out of Africa who are just really inspiring. 
If you know about this trait, you can understand a lot of puzzles about human behavior. 
Let's find out. 
So, right now, please raise your hand -- down in the simulcast rooms, too, let's let everybody see who's here -- please raise your hand if you would say that you are liberal or left of center. 
Please raise your hand high right now. OK. 
Please raise your hand if you'd say you're libertarian. 
And please raise your hand if you'd say you are right of center or conservative. 
OK. This is a bit of a problem. 
Because if our goal is to understand the world, to seek a deeper understanding of the world, our general lack of moral diversity here is going to make it harder. 
 We try to explain why half of America voted for the other team. 
To find out, my colleague, Craig Joseph, and I read through the literature on anthropology, on culture variation in morality and also on evolutionary psychology, looking for matches. 
We're all mammals here, we all have a lot of neural and hormonal programming that makes us really bond with others, care for others, feel compassion for others, especially the weak and vulnerable. 
You do find groups in the animal kingdom -- you do find cooperative groups -- but these groups are always either very small or they're all siblings. 
It's only among humans that you find very large groups of people who are able to cooperate, join together into groups, but in this case, groups that are united to fight other groups. 
And this tribal psychology is so deeply pleasurable that even when we don't have tribes, we go ahead and make them, because it's fun. 
It's about any kind of ideology, any kind of idea that tells you that you can attain virtue by controlling what you do with your body, by controlling what you put into your body. 
And while the political right may moralize sex much more, the political left is really doing a lot of it with food. 
Food is becoming extremely moralized nowadays, and a lot of it is ideas about purity, about what you're willing to touch, or put into your body. 
If there really are five systems at work in the mind -- five sources of intuitions and emotions -- then we can think of the moral mind as being like one of those audio equalizers that has five channels, where you can set it to a different setting on every channel. 
 But the '60s inevitably gives way to the '70s, where the cuttings of the apertures hurt a little bit more. 
But you really want everybody else to sacrifice, but everybody has a temptation to a free ride. 
And what happens is that, at first, people start off reasonably cooperative -- and this is all played anonymously. 
There's a lot of research showing that to solve cooperative problems, it really helps. 
It's just a lot of rock, and then a lot of water and wind, and a lot of time, and you get the Grand Canyon. 
This is an absolute miracle, much harder to explain than the Grand Canyon. 
You have the markings of Vishnu on the left, so we could think of Vishnu as the conservative god. 
Now unfortunately, it's a disease that has been caught by many of the world's leaders. 
This is an amazing group of people who are doing so much, using so much of their talent, their brilliance, their energy, their money, to make the world a better place, to fight -- to fight wrongs, to solve problems. 
A lot of the problems we have to solve are problems that require us to change other people. 
And if you want to change other people, a much better way to do it is to first understand who we are -- understand our moral psychology, understand that we all think we're right -- and then step out, even if it's just for a moment, step out -- check in with Seng-ts'an. 
Here's the X-wing death jelly. 
They come in all different sizes and shapes. 
And eventually, we can come up with something like this. 
What we find out now is that it's probably coming from inside the Earth. 
There's a whole story being played out here that we're just now beginning to have some idea of because of this new camera technology. 
This pressure thing really amazes me -- that these animals can exist there at a depth with pressure enough to crush the Titanic like an empty Pepsi can. 
In it, you'll see that it's a habitat for a lot of different animals. 
There are smaller animals crawling around. 
 BL: The biologists right now cannot explain why these animals are so active. 
So, what we've got to learn now is to find out where this planet's going at all these different scales and work with it. 
So, a big question that we're facing now and have been for quite a number of years now: are we at risk of a nuclear attack? 
Now, there's a bigger question that's probably actually more important than that, is the notion of permanently eliminating the possibility of a nuclear attack, eliminating the threat altogether. 
And I would like to make a case to you that over the years since we first developed atomic weaponry, until this very moment, we've actually lived in a dangerous nuclear world that's characterized by two phases, which I'm going to go through with you right now. 
First of all, we started off the nuclear age in 1945. 
And in 1945, we were the only nuclear power. 
We had a few nuclear weapons, two of which we dropped on Japan, in Hiroshima, a few days later in Nagasaki, in August 1945, killing about 250,000 people between those two. 
And for a few years, we were the only nuclear power on Earth. 
But by 1949, the Soviet Union had decided it was unacceptable to have us as the only nuclear power, and they began to match what the United States had developed. 
And from 1949 to 1985 was an extraordinary time of a buildup of a nuclear arsenal that no one could possibly have imagined back in the 1940s. 
So by 1985 -- each of those red bombs up here is equivalent of a thousands warheads -- the world had 65,000 nuclear warheads, and seven members of something that came to be known as the "nuclear club." 
And it was an extraordinary time, and I am going to go through some of the mentality that we -- that Americans and the rest of the world were experiencing. 
But I want to just point out to you that 95 percent of the nuclear weapons at any particular time since 1985 -- going forward, of course -- were part of the arsenals of the United States and the Soviet Union. 
After 1985, and before the break up of the Soviet Union, we began to disarm from a nuclear point of view. 
We began to counter-proliferate, and we dropped the number of nuclear warheads in the world to about a total of 21,000. 
It's a very difficult number to deal with, because what we've done is we've quote unquote "decommissioned" some of the warheads. 
They're still probably usable. They could be "re-commissioned," but the way they count things, which is very complicated, we think we have about a third of the nuclear weapons we had before. 
But we also, in that period of time, added two more members to the nuclear club: Pakistan and North Korea. 
So we stand today with a still fully armed nuclear arsenal among many countries around the world, but a very different set of circumstances. 
So I'm going to talk about a nuclear threat story in two chapters. 
Chapter one is 1949 to 1991, when the Soviet Union broke up, and what we were dealing with, at that point and through those years, was a superpowers' nuclear arms race. 
So the threat of my own destruction kept me from launching a nuclear attack on you. That's the way we lived. 
During this chapter one, there was a high level of public awareness about the potential of nuclear catastrophe, and an indelible image was implanted in our collective minds that, in fact, a nuclear holocaust would be absolutely globally destructive and could, in some ways, mean the end of civilization as we know it. 
This was Bert the Turtle.  This was basically an attempt to teach our schoolchildren that if we did get engaged in a nuclear confrontation and atomic war, then we wanted our school children to kind of basically duck and cover. 
That was the principle. You -- there would be a nuclear conflagration about to hit us, and if you get under your desk, things would be OK. 
 Secondly, we told people to go down in their basements and build a fallout shelter. 
Or you could buy a prefabricated bomb shelter that you could simply bury in the ground. 
Many buildings, public buildings, around the country -- this is New York City -- had these little civil defense signs, and the idea was that you would run into one of these shelters and be safe from the nuclear weaponry. 
The civil defense programs were disconnected from the reality of what we'd see in all-out nuclear war. 
Here's what's going to happen if we get a nuclear hit." 
So no possibility of medical response to, or meaningful preparedness for all-out nuclear war. 
So we had to prevent nuclear war if we expected to survive. 
And what happened was -- when we get in to chapter two of the nuclear threat era, which started back in 1945. 
But from 1991 through the present time, emphasized by the attacks of 2001, the idea of an all-out nuclear war has diminished and the idea of a single event, act of nuclear terrorism is what we have instead. 
Although the scenario has changed very considerably, the fact is that we haven't changed our mental image of what a nuclear war means. 
So, what is a nuclear terror threat? 
First thing is that the global nuclear weapons, in the stockpiles that I showed you in those original maps, happen to be not uniformly secure. 
From 1993 through 2006, the International Atomic Energy Agency documented 175 cases of nuclear theft, 18 of which involved highly enriched uranium or plutonium, the key ingredients to make a nuclear weapon. 
This is what you would need to steal or buy out of that 100-metric-ton stockpile that's relatively insecure to create the type of bomb that was used in Hiroshima. 
And there's a lot of controversy about whether terror organizations have the know-how to actually make a nuclear weapon. 
Well, there's a lot of know-how out there. 
There's detailed information on how to assemble a nuclear weapon from parts. 
There's books about how to build a nuclear bomb. 
If you have an undergraduate degree in physics, I would suggest -- although I don't, so maybe it's not even true -- but something close to that would allow you, with the information that's currently available, to actually build a nuclear weapon. 
The third element of the nuclear terror threat is that, who would actually do such a thing? 
Somebody once said, Al Qaeda does not have a return address, so if they attack us with a nuclear weapon, what's the response, and to whom is the response? 
Since there is no real retribution possible that would make any difference, since there are people willing to actually give up their lives it becomes apparent that the whole notion of this mutually assured destruction would not work. 
What if they had gotten their hands on a nuclear weapon? 
And they look like this. They're basically very simple arrangements. 
You don't want to build a suitcase bomb, and you happen to get one of those insecure nuclear warheads that exist. 
It was 9.8 feet long, weighed 8,800 pounds. You go down to and for 50 bucks or so, you rent a truck that's got the right capacity, and you take your bomb, you put it in the truck and you're ready to go. 
Anybody who dismisses the thought of a nuclear weapon being used by a terrorist is kidding themselves. 
I think there's a lot of people in the intelligence community -- a lot of people who deal with this work in general think it's almost inevitable, unless we do certain things to really try to defuse the risk, like better interdiction, better prevention, better fixing, you know, better screening of cargo containers that are coming into the country and so forth. 
At this particular moment, we actually could end up seeing a nuclear detonation in one of our cities. 
I don't think we would see an all-out nuclear war any time soon, although even that is not completely off the table. 
There's still enough nuclear weapons in the arsenals of the superpowers to destroy the Earth many, many times over. 
There are flash points in India and Pakistan, in the Middle East, in North Korea, other places where the use of nuclear weapons, while initially locally, could very rapidly go into a situation where we'd be facing all-out nuclear war. 
This is a 10-kiloton bomb, slightly smaller than was used in Hiroshima. And I want to just conclude this by just giving you some information. I think -- "news you could use" kind of concept here. 
Two-mile radius, you have a 50 percent chance of being killed, and up to about eight miles away -- now I'm talking about killed instantly -- somewhere between a 10 and 20 percent The thing about this is that the experience of the nuclear detonation is -- first of all, tens of millions of degrees Fahrenheit at the core here, where it goes off, and an extraordinary amount of energy in the form of heat, acute radiation 
Well, if we're talking about the old days of an all-out nuclear attack, you, up here, are as dead as the people here. So it was a moot point. 
If you find yourself alive, but you're in the vicinity of a nuclear weapon, you have -- that's gone off -- you have 10 to 20 minutes, depending on the size and exactly where it went off, to get out of the way before a lethal amount of radiation comes straight down from the mushroom cloud that goes up. 
And if you're in this vicinity, you've got to get away. 
You've got to get out of there. 
If you don't get out of there, you're going to be exposed to lethal radiation in very short order. 
If you can't get out of there, we want you to go into a shelter and stay there. 
But basically, you've got to get out of town as quickly as possible. 
And if you do that, you actually can survive a nuclear blast. 
And if you're in the direct fallout zone here, you really have to either be sheltered or you have to get out of there, and that's clear. But if you are sheltered, you can actually survive. 
But in 2008, there isn't one single American city that has done effective plans to deal with a nuclear detonation disaster. 
Part of the problem is that the emergency planners themselves, personally, are overwhelmed psychologically by the thought of nuclear catastrophe. 
The key to surviving a nuclear blast is getting out, and not going into harm's way. 
You want to get away from the initial fallout mushroom cloud, I said, in just a few minutes. 
In conclusion, nuclear war is less likely than before, but by no means out of the question, and it's not survivable. 
Nuclear terrorism is possible -- it may be probable -- but is survivable. 
And Jack said the only way to deal with nuclear anything, whether it's war or terrorism, is abolition of nuclear weapons. 
And you want something to work on once you've fixed global warming, I urge you to think about the fact that we have to do something about this unacceptable, inhumane reality of nuclear weapons in our world. 
And I'd like you to imagine that that's a blackboard, and I just used some chalk on there. 
And they brought quite a bit of this stuff. 
What the missionaries would do is, they'd walk around and they'd pick up hyena shit. 
We were in the desert, in Wadi Rum, in a small Jeep. 
Didn't look like it to me. 
And they said, "Ah, no problem! We just get out and walk." 
And we said, "We get out and walk?" 
KB: Ears? SK: They are small. But they have excellent hearing. 
Like a lot of predators, they walk on their toes. 
But on this particular occasion, it was very, very clear that as horny as Suki was, Jasmine was having none of it. 
But before I do, I just want to mention that this animal truly is a sort of the SUV of the sand, the ship of the desert. It's so vital to the inhabitants of the areas in which the camel is found, largely Mongolia and Sahara, that there are 160 words in Arabic to describe the camel. 
I usually won't sweat until my body reaches 105 ºF, enough to fry an egg. 
Jackie O. once said that traveling by camel made riding an elephant seem like taking a jet plane. 
Humans, the animal, are pretty lucky creatures because, by and large, we really don't have to adapt to our environment; we adapt our environment to us. 
Carved above their door is, "Free to All." 
I think we can one-up the Greeks and achieve something. 
So if I'm successful, then you'll actually come away thinking, yeah, we could actually achieve the great vision of everything ever published, everything that was ever meant for distribution, available to anybody in the world that's ever wanted to have access to it. 
But I'd say there's plenty of money, and there's plenty of demand, so we can actually achieve that. 
But I have to say that there's older technologies that I tend to like. 
And kids starting to make their own books, and a happy kid with the first book that he's ever owned. 
And we found in about 30 days we could go and take a couple folks from Silicon Valley, fly them to Uganda, buy a car, set up the first Internet connection at the National Library of Uganda, figure out what they wanted, and get a program going making books in rural Uganda. 
So we thought, okay, well, let's try out this send books to India thing. 
If they're new books and you can just, you know, butcher them, because you could just buy another one, that's not such a big deal in terms of doing high-quality scanning. 
But the Indians have been scanning a lot of their own books -- about 300,000 now -- doing very well. 
And we've been able to achieve 10 cents a page if we run things in volume. 
People seem to love it. 
So I think of -- we're kind of going from the out-of-copyright, library stuff, and Amazon.com is coming from the in-print world. 
But anyway, loaning out-of-print works from the Boston Public Library, the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute and a few other libraries that are starting to participate in this program, to try out this model of where does a library stop and where does the bookstore take over. 
Now let's go for audio, and I'm going to go through these. 
And we've been getting a lot of takers. One is the rock 'n' rollers. 
We've got a lot of collections now -- a couple hundred thousand items -- and it's growing over time. 
We've found, also, a lot of political films, a lot of amateur films, all sorts of things that are basically needing a home, a permanent home. 
Television comes quite a bit larger. 
Were they? Let's look at the Palestinian television and find out. 
And we've got, now, a lot of these materials. 
Carnegie -- one of the great capitalists of this country -- carved above his legacy, "Free to the People." 
My father is at once quick-witted, wickedly funny, and then poignancy turns on a dime and leaves you breathless. 
There's stories that you may tell in a small group of people with some good wine. 
And Decatur, Georgia's a small Southern town. 
"They give you seven lanes, they expect you to use them." 
I sent him to the store, which was my first mistake, and he went to buy underwear, and he bought the grippers, and he's supposed to buy the boxers." 
"I know that, honey. Get out of the car and go stand in the parking space till I get there." 
 And she's still talking while she puts the car in park, hits the emergency brake, opens the door, and with a spryness astounding in a woman her age, she jumps out of the car, knocks out the phone books, and then she walks around -- she's carrying her cheap Kmart purse with her -- around the front of the car. 
You know, she eats small portions. 
Language is something to be meted out in small phonemes, you know -- just little hmm, hmm-hmm. 
She's holding out that cheap Kmart purse, and she is wielding it. 
Now, some of them you've got to make up, people. 
I'm thinking, "This is my kid. How dare she? 
I said, "Look, please, let me take care of her, OK, because I know her, and believe me, she's like a small atomic weapon, you know, you just want to handle her really gingerly." 
We're seeing sick kids get sicker and sicker. 
We're getting sick and our kids are getting sick. 
The CDC, the Center for Disease Control, has said, of the children born in the year 2000 -- those seven- and eight-year-olds today -- one out of every three Caucasians, one out of every two African-Americans and Hispanics are going to have diabetes in their lifetime. 
It's because of the way the government commodifies food, and the cheap corn and cheap soy that are pushed into our food supply that makes these non-nutrient foods really, really cheap. 
The only working piece of equipment in my kitchen was a can crusher, because if it didn't come in a can, it came frozen in a box. 
But whoever decided that a chicken should look like a heart, a giraffe, a star? 
In fact, this may be what a lot of parents serve, as opposed to -- this is what we try and serve. 
There's a lot of stuff we can do. There's a lot of schools doing farm-to-school programs. There's a lot of schools actually getting fresh food into schools. 
We can't keep serving kids processed crap, full of chemicals, and expect these are going to be healthy citizens. 
Now I'm in charge of all the cooking classes and all the gardening classes in our school district. 
The really tiny hamburger, the really big vegetables. 
EATWISE -- Enlightened and Aware Teens Who Inspire Smart Eating. 
We have to teach kids that if they're on a diet of refined sugar, they go up and down, just like if they're on a diet of crack. 
You know, if you have kids coming into lunch and all they're going to do when they get out of lunch is go to have recess, you see them just throw away their lunch so they can run outside. 
I'm fortunate enough to work in the rehab facility, so I get to see people who are facing life and death with addiction. 
So my question is, why don't we ask for the things that we need? 
Anyway, I wanted to show you a little bit about the world of toy design, at least from my small aperture of the world. 
I beat up the pasta maker to make that. 
This is a squishy head, for no apparent reason. 
But eventually, we left L.A., and we moved to Idaho, where there was actually a lot of peace and quiet. 
And actually, this is, to me, how I can come up with great ideas. 
This is a smaller one, and I have a little moving torso on there. 
I try to do a lot of philosophy, a lot of thinking about all of these projects. 
And we started -- this was way back before there was really much SLA going on, not a lot of rapid prototyping. 
So we actually printed them out on clear and taped them on the monitors. 
Eight months later -- you may remember this, this was a -- total, total, total chaos. 
You have to get the look for the skin. 
This -- I on purpose -- they go through life stages. 
And you -- more you have them, kind of the older they get, and they kind of learn through their behavior. 
Kids can just drag and drop, put in new sounds. 
And there's a lot of social responsibility in that. 
And the people who avoid that have 30 percent less infectious disease or something. 
That would solve the problem, but I don't see anybody doing any research on making people smaller. 
Now, it's nice to reduce the population, but a lot of people want to have children. 
I don't think the solutions that I proposed are good enough or smart enough. 
I think the big problem is that we're not smart enough to understand which of the problems we're facing are good enough. 
I think that we're pretty smart, as compared to chimpanzees, but we're not smart enough to deal with the colossal problems that we face, either in abstract mathematics or in figuring out economies, or balancing the world around. 
And nobody knows how hard that is, but we'll probably find out in a few years. 
You know, there's about 400 different parts of the brain which seem to have different functions. 
And so if you think of yourself as a sort of city with a hundred resources, then, when you're afraid, for example, you may discard your long-range goals, but you may think deeply and focus on exactly how to achieve that particular goal. 
So thinking of emotions as the opposite of -- as something less than thinking is immensely productive. And I hope, in the next few years, to show that this will lead to smart machines. 
And I guess I better skip all the rest of this, which are some details on how we might make those smart machines and --  -- and the main idea is in fact that the core of a really smart machine is one that recognizes that a certain kind of problem is facing you. 
So you see, it's almost like a Pavlovian -- we lost the first hundred years of psychology by really trivial theories, where you say, how do people learn how to react to a situation? What I'm saying is, after we go through a lot of levels, including designing a huge, messy system with thousands of ports, we'll end up again with the central problem of psychology. 
So, I think in the next 20 years, if we can get rid of all of the traditional approaches to artificial intelligence, like neural nets and genetic algorithms and rule-based systems, and just turn our sights a little bit higher to say, can we make a system that can use all those things for the right kind of problem? Some problems are good for neural nets; we know that others, neural nets are hopeless on them. 
Therefore, the entire purpose of a VC pitch is to convince them that you are the entrepreneur in whom they are going to invest their money and make a lot of money in return. 
"Done this before" is starting an enterprise, creating value, and taking something from beginning to end. 
And before you get to change the world, bad things are going to take place; you have to deal with that. 
We've had a lot of experience. 
You can take them on an emotional -- all pitches, all sales presentations, are emotional at some level. You can go up, you can go down, right? 
And it goes from beginning to end. 
And then from there, you've got to take them on a very solid, steady, upward path, right from beginning to end. 
Any time you go backwards, any time you skip a step -- imagine walking up a staircase where some of the treads are missing, or the heights are different. 
And it's got to flow from beginning to end. 
Here he is, one little guy, black jeans and stuff, on a totally empty stage. 
Do a canned demo, or something that lets me know why people are going to buy whatever it is. 
Five is a bit much. Probably four. 
The screen should come up behind you and supplement what you're doing, instead of replace you. 
Now -- the story might seem to good to be true, but when you administer batteries of psychological tests, you get the same results -- namely, identical twins separated at birth show quite astonishing similarities. 
That is because the human mind is a complex system with many parts, and some of them can inhibit others. 
In the book, I go over controversies such as this one, and a number of other hot buttons, hot zones, Chernobyls, third rails, and so on -- including the arts, cloning, crime, free will, education, evolution, gender differences, God, homosexuality, infanticide, inequality, Marxism, morality, Nazism, parenting, politics, race, rape, religion, resource depletion, social engineering, technological risk and war. 
"Don't expect to get any more awards, job offers or positions in scholarly societies." 
Well, pretty soon they were barraged with enraged letters, death threats, ban on the topic in a number of scientific journals, coming from irate left-handers and their advocates, and they were literally afraid to open their mail because of the venom and vituperation that they had inadvertently inspired. 
By any economic standard, the demand for art of all forms is skyrocketing, as you can tell from the price of opera tickets, by the number of books sold, by the number of books published, the number of musical titles released, the number of new albums and so on. 
And there are all kinds of play -- clay for finger dexterity, word games for reading success, large motor play, small motor play. I feel like I could devote my life to figuring out what to play with my kids." 
And very few of them control for the possibility that parents pass on genes for -- that increase the chances a child will be articulate or violent and so on. 
And when I look out in the future, I can't imagine a world, 500 years from now, where we don't have robots everywhere. 
Assuming -- despite all the dire predictions from many people about our future -- assuming we're still around, I can't imagine the world not being populated with robots. 
And just as in the early days, when there was a lot of sort of amateur interaction over computers, you can now get various hacking kits, how-to-hack books. 
And we've seen, over the last two or three years, lawn-mowing robots, Husqvarna on the bottom, Friendly Robotics on top there, an Israeli company. 
The top left one is a very nice home-cleaning robot from a company called Dyson, in the U.K. Except it was so expensive -- 3,500 dollars -- they didn't release it. 
And that's true with a lot of robots. 
It can withstand a 400G shock. The robot has local intelligence: it can flip itself over, can get itself into communication range, can go upstairs by itself, et cetera. 
A soldier gives it a command to go upstairs, and it does. 
Come over here. Now notice, he thinks robots have to be a bit stiff. 
  I'm going to show this robot a task. It's a very complex task. 
At the same time, some top-down sort of stuff: might decide that it's lonely and look for skin tone, or might decide that it's bored and look for a toy to play with. 
We put that together. Then we put in turn taking. 
And I want you to watch carefully, at the beginning of this, where this person, Ritchie, who happened to talk to the robot for 25 minutes --  -- says, "I want to show you something. 
And to imagine -- you know, it's always hard for us. 
 So, I think I'm going to leave it at that: the robots are coming, we don't have too much to worry about, it's going to be a lot of fun, and I hope you all enjoy the journey over the next 50 years. 
"Drugs are fun in the beginning but become a drag later on." 
We steamed up the windows permanently, and every hour we had a different designer come in and write these things that they've learned into the steam in the window. 
And, of course, it's one that's dear to my heart, because all of these sentiments -- some banal, some a bit more profound -- all originally had come out of my diary. 
And I do go often into the diary and check if I wanted to change something about the situation. 
Three days later it faded, and a week later, no more complaining anywhere. 
The famous ones -- despotism is a good one; anarchy is a way to not deploy the power in any organized way, to do it in a radically diffused fashion; and democracy is a set of technologies, which have the effect of, in principle, diffusing the power source to a large number of people and then re-concentrating it in a smaller group of people who govern, and who themselves are, in principle, authorized to govern 
At the beginning of the Bush administration, when President Bush, now President Bush, was running for president, he made it very clear that he was not interested in intervening broadly in the world. 
Now, the reason I begin by saying "no 9/11, no war" is that we have to acknowledge that Islam, as interpreted by a very, very small, extremely radical group of people, was a precipitating cause of the 9/11 attacks -- the precipitating cause of the 9/11 attacks -- and as a consequence, at one degree of remove, the precipitating cause of the coming war that we're about to be engaged in. 
Islam represents a way of engaging the world through which one can achieve certain desirable goals. 
Other people say no, that's not enough, there have to be basic liberal rights: free speech, free press, equality of citizens. 
And they furthermore think overwhelmingly -- again one can't speak of every person, but overwhelmingly, and one can find this by reading any of the sources that they have produced, and they're all over the Internet and in all sorts of languages -- one can see that they're saying that their concern in their own countries is primarily to free up themselves to have choice in the spheres of personal life, 
Now, you may say, but surely, what we've seen on television about Saudi Islam convinces us that it can't possibly be compatible with what we consider the core of democracy -- namely, free political choice, basic liberty and basic equality. 
I'm here to tell you that many, many Muslims believe -- the vast majority, in fact -- in fact I think I would go so far as to say that many Muslims in Saudi Arabia believe that the core values of Islam, namely acknowledgement of God's sovereignty and basic human equality before God, are themselves compatible with liberty, equality and free political choice. 
Now what would that look like? 
And even though, for political tactical reasons, the president has been very, very good about saying that Islam is not the enemy, nonetheless, there's a natural impulse when one enters war to think of the other side as an enemy. 
It's small and large. This is an ashtray, a water glass. 
So here the world is put out of focus, while our visual dependence is put into focus. 
You know, when we did this project it was a kind of tough sell, because the Swiss said, "Well, why are we going to spend, you know, 10 million dollars producing an effect that we already have in natural abundance that we hate?" 
And in the end, you know, they adapted this as a national icon that came to represent Swiss doubt, which we -- you know, it was kind of a meaning machine that everybody kind of laid on their own meanings off of. 
And we did a lot of media work, also a lot of experimental theater projects. 
In 2003, the Whitney mounted a retrospective of our work that featured a lot of this work from the '80s and '90s. 
And what you see is -- actually, the red dotted line shows the track of this performing element, which was a new piece that created -- that we created for the -- which was a robotic drill, basically, that went all the way around, cruised the museum, went all around the walls and did a lot of damage. 
The building incorporates the site, but it dispenses it in very small doses in the way that the museum is choreographed. 
So, you come in and you're basically squeezed by the theater, by the belly of the theater, into this very compressed space where the view is turned off. 
Then you come up in this glass elevator right near the curtain wall. 
And this was really a kind of very important part of this building, and here is a point where architecture -- this is like technology-free -- architecture is only a framing device, it only edits the harbor view, the industrial harbor just through its walls, its floors and its ceiling, to only expose the water itself, the texture of water, much like a hypnotic effect created by electronic snow or a lava lamp or something like that. 
We're taking over now, doing work that ranges in scale from small-scale repairs to major renovations and major facility expansions. 
Now, that's really tough to do with a hall that has 1,100 seats. 
Chamber and the notion of chamber has to do with salons and small-scale performances. They asked us to bring an intimacy. 
Intimacy for us means a lot of different things. 
Just everything is lined, it incorporates -- every single thing that you could possibly imagine is tucked into this high-performance skin. 
And this is a mockup that is in Salt Lake City that gives you a sense of what this is going to look like in full-scale. 
And this is a guy from Salt Lake City, this is what they look like out there. 
My TED wish. There’s a vital story that needs to be told and I wish for TED to help me gain access to it and then to help me come up with innovative and exciting ways to use news photography in the digital era. 
[ 10.3.08 -- The story breaks. ] [ "I have been a witness, and these pictures are my testimony." ] [ South Africa ] [ This is happening now. ] [ Cambodia ] [ Swaziland ] [ One person dies every 20 seconds. ] [ Thailand ] [ An ancient disease is taking on a deadly new form. ] [ Siberia ] [ Lesotho ] [ Tuberculosis: the next pandemic? ] 
The school teachers weren't having much fun, the sports were very dirty or very painful. 
It was called the Sinclair ZX80. This was a 1K computer, and you'd buy your programs on cassette tape. 
This is one of my favorite ones here, where they have rabbit breeding, so males choose the lucky rabbit. 
So I went on for the next 20 years or so making a lot of different games. 
And interestingly, the people who buy the most games are 37. 
He didn't actually buy anything, just some data. 
You would expect it to be cheesy, but it's not. 
But I want you to try and think about what games could look like 10 years from now. 
  David Perry: The thing again I want you to think about is, don't look at these graphics and think of that's the way it is. 
But as was the case for most of my generation, I spent a lot of time in front of the TV. 
Video games are nearing an evolutionary leap, a point where game worlds will look and feel just as real And while my sense of free will in these virtual worlds may still be limited, what I do learn applies to my real life. 
I have come to expect this level of interaction. 
Without it, the problems faced in the real world -- poverty, war, disease and genocide -- lack the levity they should. 
It lies in that these games are beginning to make me emotional. 
What I have only recently come to realize is that beyond the graphics, sound, game play and emotion it is the power to break down reality that is so fascinating and addictive to me. 
I know though, that no matter how amazing video games may become, or how flat the real world may seem to us, that we must stay aware of what our games are teaching us and how they leave us feeling when we finally do unplug. 
There's nothing worse than having to listen to someone try and pitch you a really bad video game idea. 
CA: Go ahead. I'm going to stay right here though. 
Games on the surface seem simple entertainment, but for those that like to look a little deeper, the new paradigm of video games could open entirely new frontiers to creative minds that like to think big. 
If they hadn't been crowded -- you compare the loss of life at the Pentagon to the Twin Towers, and you can see that very powerfully. 
And I walked out, and this really miraculous thing happened to me as I was walking north to buy this air filter, which was that the streets were completely alive with people. 
They don't have a center executive branch that you can take out and cause the whole thing to fail. 
If you'd gone into the minds of the people, well, you would have seen a lot of trauma, and you would have seen a lot of heartache, and you would have seen a lot of things that would take a long time to recover. 
The whole system kind of working on it, and everybody contributing a small little part. 
There's some theoretical physicist at MIT named Steven Johnson who has dropped two spots, I'm happy to say. 
And he's tracking how many other weblogs linked to those weblogs, and so you have kind of an authority -- a weblog that has a lot of links to it is more authoritative than a weblog that has few links to it. 
And I'm saying a lot of nice things about Google, so I'll be I'll be saying one little critical thing. 
The Columbia blows up, suddenly there are a lot of searches on Columbia. 
Well, you know, we should expect to see that. 
 I also did -- and I don't want to start a little fight in the next panel -- but I did a Google Share analysis of evolution and natural selection. 
So right here -- now this is a big category, you have smaller percentages, so this is 0.7 percent -- Dan Dennett, who'll be speaking shortly. 
So these are words that suddenly start to appear out of nowhere, so they're kind of, you know, memes that start taking off, that didn't have a lot of historical precedent before. 
1985, right at the center of the Reagan years --  Now, there's one way to interpret this, which is to say that "emancipation" and "depression" and "recovery" all have a lot of syllables. 
Now there was a very interesting article by Clay Shirky that got a lot of attention about a month ago, and this is basically the distribution of links on the web to all these various different blogs. 
It's caused a lot of controversy because people thought that this was the ultimate kind of one man, one modem democracy, where anybody can get out there and get their voice heard. 
And he started looking at interesting newcomers that don't have a lot of links, that suddenly get a bunch of links in the last 24 hours. 
He taught us that the richest and fullest lives attempt to achieve an inner balance between three realms: work, love and play. 
And that to pursue one realm to the disregard of the other, is to open oneself to ultimate sadness in older age. 
As for that first sphere of work, I think what Abraham Lincoln's life suggests is that fierce ambition is a good thing. 
But only as he grew older did he develop a certain consolation from an ancient Greek notion -- but followed by other cultures as well -- that if you could accomplish something worthy in your life, you could live on in the memory of others. 
It was an unprecedented act at the time because everybody thought, "He'll look like a figurehead compared to these people." 
 But it soon became clear that Abraham Lincoln would emerge as the undisputed captain of this unruly team. 
But if I sign with a shaking hand, posterity will say, 'He hesitated.'" So he waited until he could take up the pen and sign with a bold and clear hand. 
So in the end that powerful ambition that had carried Lincoln through his bleak childhood had been realized. 
That ambition that had allowed him to laboriously educate himself by himself, to go through that string of political failures and the darkest days of the war. 
There was a problem with these stories, however, which I later discovered, which is that half of them weren't true. 
But I must say, the older I've gotten, the more I realize what an incredible privilege it was to have spent so many hours with this aging lion of a man. 
And yet, roundly defeated in the end by the war in Vietnam. 
He said, when the lights went down and a Shakespeare play came on, for a few precious hours he could imagine himself back in Prince Hal's time. 
And they're not quite what you might expect from our marble monument. 
"Well," he said, "there's nothing to make an Englishman shit faster than the sight of General George Washington." 
Which allows me, from the beginning of spring training to the end of the fall, to have something to occupy my mind and heart other than my work. 
 So I finally learned you had to tell a story from beginning to middle to end. 
And I must say, even now, when I sit with my sons with our season tickets, I can sometimes close my eyes against the sun and imagine myself, a young girl once more, in the presence of my father, watching the players of my youth on the grassy fields below: Jackie Robinson, Roy Campanella, Pee Wee Reese, and Duke Snider. 
Which is why, in the end, I shall always be grateful for this curious love of history, allowing me to spend a lifetime looking back into the past. 
Obviously the answer to this question is not going to be a single factor. If anyone tells you that there is a single-factor explanation for societal collapses, you know right away that they're an idiot. This is a complex subject. 
In analyzing societal collapses, I've arrived at a five-point framework -- a checklist of things that I go through to try and understand collapses. And I'll illustrate that five-point framework by the extinction of the Greenland Norse society. 
This is a European society with literate records, so we know a good deal about the people and their motivation. 
Why did they all end up dead? Well, in my five-point framework, the first item on the framework is to look for human impacts on the environment: people inadvertently destroying the resource base on which they depend. And in the case of the Viking Norse, the Vikings inadvertently caused soil erosion and deforestation, which was a particular problem for them because they required forests to make charcoal, to make iron. 
The third thing on my checklist is relations with neighboring friendly societies that may prop up a society. And if that friendly support is pulled away, that may make a society more likely to collapse. In the case of the Greenland Norse, they had trade with the mother country -- Norway -- and that trade dwindled: partly because Norway got weaker, partly because of sea ice between Greenland and Norway. 
For the past five years, I've been taking my wife and kids to Southwestern Montana, where I worked as a teenager on the hay harvest. And Montana, at first sight, seems like the most pristine environment in the United States. 
Fourth: relations with hostiles. Montanans have the same problems as do all Americans, in being sensitive to problems created by hostiles overseas affecting our oil supplies, and terrorist attacks. And finally, last item on my checklist: question of how political, economic, social, cultural attitudes play into this. Montanans have long-held values, which today seem to be getting in the way of their solving their own problems. 
So, I'm looking at these issues of collapses for a lot of past societies and for many present societies. 
And I would expect that, if our human civilization carries on, then maybe in the next century people will be asking, why on earth did these people today in the year 2003 not see the obvious things that they were doing and take corrective action? 
The resolution is going to achieve either of two forms: either we will resolve these non-sustainable time-fuses in pleasant ways of our own choice by taking remedial action, or else these conflicts are going to get settled in unpleasant ways not of our choice -- namely, by war, disease or starvation. But what's for sure is that our non-sustainable course will get resolved in one way or another in a few decades. In other words, since the theme of this session 
Instead, all the major threats facing us today are problems entirely of our own making. And since we made the problems, we can also solve the problems. That then means that it's entirely in our power to deal with these problems. 
And I realized how few of the grown-ups that I knew were able to withstand the tragedies that the war visited on them -- how few of them could even resemble a normal, contented, satisfied, happy life once their job, their home, their security was destroyed by the war. 
And I thought, well, since I can't go to the movies, at least I will go for free to listen to flying saucers. 
Whereas the personal income, on a scale that has been held constant to accommodate for inflation, But you find essentially the same results, namely, that after a certain basic point -- which corresponds more or less to just a few 1,000 dollars above the minimum poverty level -- increases in material well-being don't seem to affect how happy people are. 
In fact, you can find that the lack of basic resources, material resources, contributes to unhappiness, but the increase in material resources does not increase happiness. 
And to start those studies about 40 years ago, I began to look at creative people -- first artists and scientists, and so forth -- trying to understand what made them feel that it was worth essentially spending their life doing things for which many of them didn't expect either fame or fortune, but which made their life meaningful and worth doing. 
And it's interesting, if you think about it, how, when we think about the civilizations that we look up to as having been pinnacles of human achievement -- whether it's China, Greece, the Hindu civilization, or the Mayas, or Egyptians -- what we know about them is really about their ecstasies, not about their everyday life. 
He needs just a piece of paper where he can put down little marks, and as he does that, he can imagine sounds that had not existed before in that particular combination. 
So once he gets to that point of beginning to create, like Jennifer did in her improvisation, a new reality -- that is, a moment of ecstasy -- he enters that different reality. 
His body disappears, his identity disappears from his consciousness, because he doesn't have enough attention, like none of us do, to really do well something that requires a lot of concentration, and at the same time to feel that he exists. 
You see that these people define success as something that helps others and at the same time makes you feel happy as you are working at it. 
And if you want to enter flow from control, you have to increase the challenges. 
So those two are ideal and complementary areas from which flow is easy to go into. 
Unfortunately, a lot of people's experience is in apathy. 
And some of you obviously know how to do that spontaneously without any advice, but unfortunately a lot of people don't. 
Whoa, dude. Check out those killer equations. Sweet.  Actually, for the next 18 minutes I'm going to do the best I can to describe the beauty of particle physics without equations. 
If we imagine this to be a hyper-intelligent coral, we can single out an individual and ask him a reasonable question. 
Now I'll go ahead and describe how we know about these particles, what they are and how this balance works. 
But before talking about what we might see, let me describe the particles we already know of. 
A lot of people in this room make a good living pushing them around. 
All of these matter particles come in left- and right-handed varieties, and have anti-particle partners that carry opposite charges. 
The strong force acts between quarks which carry a different kind of charge, called color charge, and come in three different varieties: red, green and blue. 
That's a lot of particles to keep track of. 
When we look at this new unified pattern, we can see a couple of gaps where particles seem to be missing. 
Each point in this pattern corresponds to a symmetry of this very complex and beautiful shape. 
One small part of this E8 shape can be used to describe the curved space-time of Einstein's general relativity, explaining gravity. 
Together with quantum mechanics, the geometry of this shape could describe everything about how the universe works at the tiniest scales. 
And with a particular rotation, we can look down through this pattern in eight dimensions along a symmetry axis and see all the particles at once. 
It's a fantastic prospect that this object of great mathematical beauty could describe the truth of particle interactions at the smallest scales imaginable. 
That's what doing theoretical physics is like: there are a lot of wipeouts. 
Now, the only way to maintain sanity and achieve happiness in the midst of this uncertainty is to keep balance and perspective in life. 
Living a nomadic existence has been hard at times, but it's allowed me to live in beautiful places and keep a balance in my life that I've been happy with. 
It allows me to spend a lot of my time hanging out with hyper-intelligent coral. 
So I'm very happy to have been invited here to TED. 
So are you saying that we should think of the universe, at its heart -- that the smallest things that there are, are somehow an E8 object of possibility? 
I mean, is there a scale to it, at the smallest scale, or ...? 
CA: But a string theorist, as I understand it, explains electrons in terms of much smaller strings vibrating -- I know you don't like string theory -- vibrating inside it. 
How should we think of an electron in relation to E8? 
Is it bigger? Is it smaller? 
GL: Well, as far as we know electrons are point particles, so this would be going down to the smallest possible scales. 
So the way these things are explained in quantum field theory is, all possibilities are expanding and developing at once. 
And before I launch into the display of some of the slides and into the preview, I would like to point out this beautiful detail about scientists and design. 
And it was great, because at the beginning was this apology fest -- you know, scientists would tell designers, you know, I don't know what style is, I'm not really elegant. 
A lot of the objects in the show are concepts, not objects that exist already. But what you're looking at here is the work of some scientists from UCLA. 
They seem very, very obsessed with finding out more about the ideal mate. 
We were discussing with Keith Shrubb* this morning the fact that many scientists tend not to use anything beautiful in their presentations, otherwise they're afraid of being considered dumb blondes. 
That's a term that I coined a few years ago while I was thinking of how pressed we are together, and at the same time how these small objects, like the Walkman first and then the iPod, create bubbles of space around us that enable us to have a metaphysical space that is much bigger than our physical space. 
It started out in the '80s, but at the beginning it was machines carving out of a foam block a model that was very, very fragile, and could not have any real use. 
Also, I can imagine many design manufacturers will have to retool their own business plans and maybe invest in this Kinko's store. But it really is a big change. 
As the capacity of computers becomes really, really big, and the capacity of our mind not that much bigger, we find that we need to tag as much as we can what we do in order to then retrace our path. 
Also, the senses -- designers and scientists all work on trying to expand our senses capabilities so that we can achieve more. 
Noam Toran and "Accessories for Lonely Men": the idea is that when you lose your loved one or you go through a bad breakup, what you miss the most are those annoying things that you used to hate when you were with the other person. 
He's working on dolls that explain xenotransplantation, and also the spider gene into the goat, from a few years ago. 
He's working for the exhibition on a whole series of dolls that explain to children where babies come from today. 
And many designers have been working recently on the idea of death and mourning, and what we can do about it today with new technologies. 
And even though that turned out to be nothing, nothing at all --  -- merely a downed weather balloon piloted by small hairless men with slits for mouths ... 
 However, with respect, I might point out two possibilities that Enrico Fermi perhaps did not consider. 
Perhaps, I dare say, even on other planets. 
 For even in my own life, there are memories I have that are difficult to explain -- happenings that are so odd and unaccountably weird, that it is difficult to imagine they were not the result of prolonged and frequent contact with aliens throughout my life. 
For how else will you explain the amazing and absolutely true close encounters that I had and will describe to you now? 
 You have to admit, that's a pretty boss piece of detective work for an old man on a date. 
And they turned at once and walked away. 
Now, you could describe this as a simple misunderstanding -- a strange encounter among humans. 
When the movie ended, everyone seemed very happy to get up and get out of the theatre as soon as possible. 
Does something seem strange about this to you? 
Her eyes were extra bright and extra blue, as a result. 
Nervous, I went down to the street to look for her. 
It was at that moment, in that very small town of 30,000 or so, that I truly appreciated the vastness of the universe and the searching we might do in it. 
But he did not seem so very sure, for he sat down to wait with me. 
 And even now, a decade and a half later, even now that we are married, I look for her still, whenever she is not in the room. 
Because for centuries, glamour had a very particular meaning, and the word was actually used differently from the way we think of it. 
Hedy Lamarr said, "Anyone can look glamorous, all you have to do is sit there and look stupid."  But in fact, with all due respect to Hedy -- about whom we'll hear more later -- there's a lot more to it. 
You can go to the museum of Hollywood history in Hollywood and see Max Factor's special rooms that he painted different colors depending on the complexion of the star he was going to make up. 
Glamour is a form of falsification, but falsification to achieve a particular purpose. 
And it involves a great deal of technique. 
When you stack people in rows, the ones in the background look smaller than the ones in the foreground -- but not in the world of glamour. 
She's not looking away from you exactly, but you have to mentally imagine her world. 
She's encouraging you to contemplate this higher world to which she belongs, where she can be completely tranquil while holding the iron instruments of her death by torture. 
That's glamour: that's Michelangelo's "Pieta," where Mary is the same age as Jesus and they're both awfully happy and pleasant. 
But there's always this illusion that if you buy this lamp, you will live in a world without cords.  And the same thing is true of, if you buy this laptop or you buy this computer -- and even in these wireless eras, you don't get to live in the world without cords. 
It invites us into the world but it doesn't give us a completely clear picture. 
And I think if Grace Kelly is the most glamorous person, maybe a spiral staircase with glass block may be the most glamorous interior shot, because a spiral staircase is incredibly glamorous. 
And of course glass block has that sense of translucence. 
And the way we deal with that is we displace them -- we put them into a golden world, an imagined world, an age of heroes, the world to come. 
You know, you buy that Viking range, this is what your kitchen will look like. 
I mean, look how happy the people are, and good-looking too. 
Sometimes under those hats there's a lot of joy and a lot of sorrow." 
We first began by looking at heart disease, and when I began doing this work 26 or 27 years ago, it was thought that once you have heart disease it can only get worse. 
Overall, if you looked at all the arteries in all the patients, they got worse and worse, from one year to five years, in the comparison group. 
It wasn’t a function of how old or how sick they were -- it was mainly how much they changed, and the oldest patients improved as much as the young ones. 
The younger brother is 86, the older one’s 95; they wanted to show me how much more flexible they were. 
And the insurance companies found that they began to save almost 30,000 dollars per patient, and Medicare is now in the middle of doing a demonstration project where they’re paying for 1,800 people to go through the program on the sites that we train. 
And I’ll talk more about this, but the real epidemic isn’t just heart disease or obesity or smoking -- it’s loneliness and depression. 
There are lots of ways we have of avoiding and numbing and bypassing pain, but the point of all of this is to deal with the cause of the problem. 
Viagra, right? Why? Because a lot of guys need it. 
So the very behaviors that we think of as being so sexy in our culture are the very ones that leave so many people feeling tired, lethargic, depressed and impotent, and that’s not much fun. 
On a low-fat meal, the blood flow doesn’t go down -- it even goes up. 
Many of you have kids, and you know that’s a big change in your lifestyle, and so people are not afraid to make big changes in lifestyle if they’re worth it. 
If you don’t remember anything else from this talk, three grams a day of fish oil can reduce your risk of a heart attack and sudden death by 50 to 80 percent. 
Three grams a day. They come in one-gram capsules; more than that just gives you extra fat you don’t need. 
The red is good at the beginning, and a year later -- this is from a study done in a peer-reviewed journal called Angiology -- there’s more red after a year on a diet like I would recommend, there’s less red, less blood flow after a year on an Atkins-type diet. 
We could randomly divide them into two groups, and then we could have one group that is a non-intervention control group to compare to, which we can’t do with, say, breast cancer, because everyone gets treated. 
When we looked at their PSA levels -- which is a marker for prostate cancer -- they got worse in the control group, but they actually got better in the experimental group, and these differences were highly significant. 
And in order for the PSA to go down, they had to make pretty big changes. 
The last thing I want to talk about, apropos of the issue of the pursuit of happiness, is that study after study have shown that people who are lonely and depressed -- and depression is the other real epidemic in our culture -- are many times more likely to get sick and die prematurely, in part because, as we talked about, they’re more likely to smoke and overeat and drink too much and work too hard and so on. 
But also, through mechanisms that we don’t fully understand, people who are lonely and depressed are many times -- three to five to ten times, in some studies -- more likely to get sick and die prematurely. 
Friendship, altruism, compassion, service – all the perennial truths that we talked about that are part of all religion and all cultures -- once you stop trying to see the differences, these are the things in our own self-interest, because they free us from our suffering and from disease. 
And then we can enjoy our lives more fully without getting sick in the process. 
Well, it's the era of a lot of different things that we're in right now. But one thing for sure: it's the era of change. There's more change going on than ever has occurred in the history of human life on earth. 
And this really is a sobering picture upon realizing that we, humans, are in charge of life on earth; we're like the capricious Gods of old Greek myths, kind of playing with life -- and not a great deal of wisdom injected into it. 
This is Moore's Law plotted here, which relates to density of information, but it has been pretty good for showing a lot of other things about information technology -- computers, their use, Internet, etc. And what's important is it just goes straight up through the top of the curve, and has no real limits to it. Now try and contrast these. 
That first one is humans-versus-nature; we've won, there's no more gain. Human population. 
Good business in obstetricians, morticians, and farming, housing, etc. -- they all deal with human bodies, which require being fed, transported, housed and so on. And the information technology, which connects to our brains, has no limit -- now, that is a wonderful field to be in. You're looking for growth opportunity? 
I think it's a hopeless goal. Technologically, it's achievable; economically, it's achievable; politically, it means sort of the habits, institutions of people -- it's impossible. 
The institutions of the past with all their inertia are just irrelevant for the future, except they're there and we have to deal with them. I spend about 15 percent of my time trying to save the world, the other 85 percent, the usual -- and whatever else we devote ourselves to. 
And in that 15 percent, the main focus is on human mind, thinking skills, somehow trying to unleash kids from the straightjacket of school, which is putting information and dogma into them, get them so they really think, ask tough questions, argue about serious subjects, don't believe everything that's in the book, think broadly or creative. They can be. 
Our school systems are very flawed and do not reward you for the things that are important in life or for the survival of civilization; they reward you for a lot of learning and sopping up stuff. 
Trying to have it fly straight is like trying to shoot an arrow with the feathered end forward. It was a tough job, and boy it made me have a lot of respect for nature. 
We got a lot of people thinking about electric cars, what you could do with them. A few years later, when we suggested to GM that now is the time and we could do a thing called the Impact, they sponsored it, and here's the Impact that we developed with them on their programs. This is the demonstrator. And they put huge effort into turning it into a commercial product. 
Paul MacCready: If we could have the second video, the one-minute, put in as quickly as you can, which -- this will show the Pathfinder airplane in some flights this past year in Hawaii, and will show a sequence of some of the beauty behind it after it had just flown to 71,530 feet -- higher than any propeller airplane has ever flown. 
 Ray Morgan's voice will come in here. 
For those who live on the mainland, it was tough being away from home. 
The friendly support, the quiet confidence, congenial hospitality shown by our Hawaiian and military hosts --  this is starting -- made the experience enjoyable and unforgettable. 
You can imagine yourself being a mouse or fly inside of it, looking out of its camera. 
If this hits you, it will not hurt you. 
And Matt's plane was on the cover of Popular Science last month, showing what this can lead to. And in a while, something this size will have GPS and a video camera in it. We've had one of these fly nine miles through the air at 35 miles an hour with just a little battery in it. 
But there's a lot of technology going. 
 But you're beginning to see what can be done. 
You can do amazing things when you realize what nature has been doing all along. As you get to these small scales, you realize we have a lot to learn from nature -- not with 747s -- but when you get down to the nature's realm, nature has 200 million years of experience. 
The first I'll just read. At last, I put in three sentences and had it say what I wanted. 
And if we can get some agreement on where we want the world to be -- desirable, sustainable when your kids reach your age -- I think we actually can reach it. Now, I said this was a warning, not a forecast. That was before -- I painted this before we started in on making robotic versions of hawk moths and cockroaches, and now I'm beginning to wonder seriously -- was this more of a forecast than I wanted? 
The one final bit of sparkle we'll put in at the very end here is an utterly impractical flight vehicle, which is a little ornithopter wing-flapping device that -- rubber-band powered -- that we'll show you. 
And if this lands on you, I assure you it will not hurt you. 
A lot of these things -- or similar -- would have happened some time, probably a decade later. I didn't realize at the time I was doing inquiry-based, hands-on things with teams, like they're trying to get in education systems. 
And I believe that also is important. You can think of it as a sort of a symbol for learning and TED that somehow gets you thinking of technology and nature, and puts it all together in things that are -- that make this conference, I think, more important than any that's taken place in this country in this decade. 
I thought he would ask for a toy, or candy, and he asked me for slippers, because he said that his feet were cold. 
KB: Thanks for letting me show these. 
He says, "You look like a mermaid, but you walk like a waltz." 
It comes from a company in Japan called GelTech. Now go ahead and open it up. 
You know, this way you could go to the container store and buy one of those metal sheets that they hang on the back of your door, in your closet, and you could literally stick your shoes up instead of using a shelf. 
So I just want to quickly explain how this would work. 
And I'm going to kick it to Keith to explain why that's important from a technical standpoint. 
Now, Zach, we're going to demonstrate a water gun fight from the future. 
So, describe to the audience the temperature of your shirt. Go ahead. 
KS: Thanks for coming up. Let's give him a big round of applause. 
Now, the unexpected thing about this is that Zach could stand up on stage and drench a perfectly innocent member of the audience without any concern that we'd damage the electronics, that we'd get him wet, that we'd hurt the books or the computers. It works because it's non-conductive. 
Again, it's perfectly safe for people. It puts out the fires, doesn't hurt anything. 
But our favorite idea for this was using it in a basketball game. So during halftime, it could rain down on the players, cool everyone down, and in a matter of minutes it would dry. Wouldn't hurt the court. 
Now, to think about the potential for this, think of all the places ink is supplied: on business cards, on the back of cereal boxes, board games. Any place you use ink, you could change the way you interact with it. 
KS: For our last technology, we worked again with Roman and his team at the Directors Bureau to develop a commercial from the future to explain how it works. 
So, a patient can come in and actually blow into their device. 
Currently, they're using a method of trial and error, but this could tell you precisely what disease you have. 
But what struck me is the understanding that in those little pieces was the culmination of a man’s life, search, thought, everything -- just in a reduced, small version. 
I have this feeling I’d be happy there. 
Marcus: So what solutions do you offer? I mean, the job of a poet is not just -- Boy: Man, fight the power! Simple: blow the motherfuckers out of the sky. 
Marcus: And how many soldiers have you recruited to fight this war with you? 
The first piece was, really, there's a young woman talking about Nigeria, that she has a feeling she'll be happy there. 
Which takes us to the next piece, where the young man talks about lack of opportunity: living as a black person in Europe, the glass ceiling that we all know about, that we all talk about, and his reality. 
Commander: Soldiers, you are going to fight a battle, so you must get ready and willing to die. 
The beginning of hope. 
Mr. Ezra Gelehun, please stand. 
NA: In the process of my research, I actually spent a bit of time in Sierra Leone researching this. 
And I remember I met a lot of child soldiers -- ex-combatants, as they like to be called. 
T.S. Eliot really said it for me -- and this should give you goose bumps: "we shall not cease from exploration and the end of our exploring shall be to return where we started and know the place for the first time." 
If this is an ocean planet and we only have a small minority of this planet, it just interferes with a lot of what humanity thinks. 
Also coming up later for criticism are these massive lights. 
And in a two-dimensional world, we do know about the third dimension but we don’t use it because to go up requires an awful lot of energy against gravity. 
And we’re only just beginning to grasp it. 
We spent about three hours together and she’s beginning to trust me. 
So now I try and go after her, but I’m practicing flying. 
 Trying to fly and keep up with that animal -- it wasn’t the lack of maneuverability that we had. 
And so what we needed to do was increase the wing area so that we just had more grip, develop higher forces. 
The rational for the world’s first flight school goes something like: when the coastguards come up to me and say -- they used to leave us alone when we were diving these goofy little spherical things, but when we started flying around in underwater jet fighters they got a little nervous -- they would come up and say, "Do you have a license for that?" 
Where the hell that goes, I don’t know, but it’s a lot of fun. 
We developed some other technology called spider optics, and Craig Ventner asked me to make an announcement here this morning: we’re going to be building a beautiful, little, small version of this -- unmanned, super deep -- for his boat to go and get back some deep sea DNA stuff. 
I turned around to check on my friend's house. 
This may seem hard to believe -- unless you've been reading lots and lots of news reports -- but in many places, after the tsunami, villagers were still terrified. 
One of the scariest things about the tsunami that I've not seen mentioned is the complete lack of information. 
This may seem minor, but it is terrifying to hear rumor after rumor after rumor that another tidal wave, bigger than the last, will be coming at exactly 1 p.m., or perhaps tonight, or perhaps ... 
Having this news was comforting in some small way to understand what had just happened to us. 
However, the report focused on what had already occurred and offered no information on what to expect now. 
In the world of blogs, there's going to be before the tsunami and after the tsunami, because one of the things that happened in the wake of the tsunami was that, although initially -- that is, in that first day -- there was actually a kind of dearth of live reporting, there was a dearth of live video and some people complained about this. 
What became very clear was that, within a few days, the outpouring of information was immense, and we got a complete and powerful picture of what had happened in a way that we never had been able to get before. 
And what you had was a group of essentially unorganized, unconnected writers, video bloggers, etc., who were able to come up with a collective portrait of a disaster that gave us a much better sense of what it was like to actually be there than the mainstream media could give us. 
One of the fascinating things about the blogosphere specifically, and, of course, the Internet more generally -- and it's going to seem like a very obvious point, but I think it is an important one to think about -- is that the people who are generating these enormous reams of content every day, who are spending enormous amounts of time organizing, linking, commenting on the substance of the Internet, are doing so primarily for free. 
They have come up with, in a sense, a different method for organizing activity. 
One of the things that happens if you spend a lot of time on the Internet, and you spend a lot of time thinking about the Internet, is that it is very easy to fall in love with the Internet. 
But the problem is that groups are only smart when the people in them are as independent as possible. 
So, one of the phenomena that's very clear in the blogosphere is that once a meme, once an idea gets going, it is very easy for people to just sort of pile on, because other people have, say, a link. 
And that phenomenon of piling on the existing links is one that is characteristic of the blogosphere, particularly of the political blogosphere, and it is one that essentially throws off this beautiful, decentralized, bottom-up intelligence that blogs can manifest in the right conditions. 
A lot of people talk about ants. 
 Imagine if you were quiet for 17 years and your mother was out in the audience, say. 
My dad said to me, "That’s one" -- I’ll explain that. 
And so I told my mother, "I’m happy though, I’m really happy." 
"I don't know, I think he's talking about clear cutting." "Yeah, clear cutting." 
"Yes, you can clear cut ..." 
My sister said maybe I should leave you alone, because you seem to be doing a lot better when you’re not saying anything." 
He said, "You just start walking east; get out of your car and just start walking east." 
And I got to -- I start saying, "Free at last -- thank God Almighty, I’m free at last." 
And I was afraid to change, because I was so used to the guy who only just walked. 
And I know that a lot of times we find ourselves in this wonderful place where we’ve gotten to, but there’s another place for us to go. 
So if my voice can touch you, if my actions can touch you, if my being here can touch you, please let it be. 
Lots of laughter, quite a bit of embarrassment. 
 And he would point this out as evidence that we fear the judgment of our peers, and that we’re embarrassed about showing our ideas to people we think of as our peers, to those around us. 
So we might have a wild idea, but we’re afraid to share it with anybody else. 
And in studies of kids playing, it’s been shown time after time that kids who feel secure, who are in a kind of trusted environment -- they’re the ones that feel most free to play. 
I'd better clear these up out of the way; otherwise, I’m going to trip over them. 
And this openness is the beginning of exploratory play. 
So it should look like this. You should be looking at something like this. 
So that ability just to go for it and explore lots of things, even if they don’t seem that different from each other, is actually something that kids do well, and it is a form of play. 
And then he asked them to go away and work on those problems that they’d brought. 
And they’d come up with a bunch of interesting solutions -- and actually, quite valid solutions -- to the things that they’d been working on. 
Now, of course, many designers, many individual designers, achieve this is in a much more organic way. 
Now, if the Eameses had stopped with that first great solution, then we wouldn’t be the beneficiaries of so many wonderful designs today. 
And in the end it turned into a real device. 
The prototyping carts, filled with colored paper and Play-Doh and glue sticks and stuff -- I mean, they do have a bit of a kindergarten feel to them. 
And then the sad thing is, although preschools are full of this kind of stuff, as kids go through the school system it all gets taken away. 
But by giving project teams and the clients who they’re working with permission to think with their hands, quite complex ideas can spring into life and go right through to execution much more easily. 
And of course, by building quick prototypes, we can get out and test our ideas with consumers and users much more quickly than if we’re trying to describe them through words. 
So, if you’re designing an interaction between two people -- such as, I don’t know -- ordering food at a fast food joint or something, you need to be able to imagine how that experience might feel over a period of time. 
And I think the best way to achieve that, and get a feeling for any flaws in your design, is to act it out. 
So we do quite a lot of work at IDEO trying to convince our clients of this. 
So they get used to quite quickly to understanding the rules for social interactions, and are actually quite quick to point out when they’re broken. 
And so they grabbed some very simple materials, you can see, and did this role-play, this kind of very crude role-play, just to get a sense of what it would be like for passengers if they were stuck in quite small places on airplanes. 
Or another one of our designers, Altay Sendil: he’s here having his chest waxed, not because he’s very vain, although actually he is -- no, I’m kidding -- but in order to empathize with the pain that chronic care patients go through when they’re having dressings removed. 
So when a kid dresses up as a firefighter, you know, he’s beginning to try on that identity. 
Not just because they lead to insights about the experience, but also because of their willingness to explore and their ability to unselfconsciously surrender themselves to the experience. 
Well, imagine if you did the same task with friends while you were drinking in a pub. 
They transition in and out of it, and good teachers spend a lot of time thinking about how to move kids through these experiences. 
I think this is particularly true if we think about the sort of -- I think what’s very different about design is that we go through these two very distinctive modes of operation. 
We go through a sort of generative mode, where we’re exploring many ideas; and then we come back together again, and come back looking for that solution, and developing that solution. 
And I will try and explain to you what’s wrong with this notion. 
And when I first came across it in the early '90s, I thought my predecessor, Malcolm Dyson and Bob Wright, had really taken leave of their senses, and I’ll explain to you why this was the case. 
The way --I expect everybody to memorize these compounds. 
Because there’s a lot of money in sandalwoods. 
I love the idea of doing less work. So let me explain to you why -- a very simple fact that tells you why this shape theory really does not work very well. 
It’s very hard to explain this by molecular recognition. 
 We have to go a little beyond that. Now let me explain why vibrational theory has some sort of interest in it. These molecules, as you saw in the beginning, the building blocks had springs connecting them to each other. 
If you look on this, imagine a piano keyboard. 
But for the last three years, I’ve had what I consider to be the best job in the entire universe, which is to put my hobby -- which is, you know, fragrance and all the magnificent things -- plus a little bit of biophysics, a small amount of self-taught chemistry at the service of something that actually works. 
We want to get out of this thing where the young people have all the ideas, and the old people have all the power and decide what science gets done. 
And it’s the first time I’ve had a job where I’m afraid to go away because of everything that’s going to happen in this week when I’m here. 
 But one of the principles is that everybody who is part of the community gets to fight and argue as hard as they can for what they believe. 
Now, in the 20th century we had a revolution that was initiated at the beginning of the 20th century, and which is still going on. 
Now, Darwin taught us that there are processes of self-organization that suffice to explain all of us and everything we see. 
And politics is, in the ideal sense, the way in which we continually address our network of relations in order to achieve a better life and a better society. 
And I also think that science will never go away and -- I’m finishing on this line. 
 In fact, I’m finished. Science will never go away. 
And that truth is, or was, in the 20th century, that while we were beginning to develop endangered species movements, we didn't have an endangered people's movement. 
Most of us were groomed not only on images of nuclear catastrophe, but also on images and knowledge of the Holocaust. 
It's diverse. It's got a lot of different approaches. 
And that's all the Bush administration's leadership, and it's all because of this bottom-up pressure and the fact that the phones haven't stopped ringing from the beginning of this crisis. 
Women who go to get firewood in order to heat the humanitarian aid in order to feed their families -- humanitarian aid, the dirty secret of it is it has to be heated, really, to be edible -- are themselves subjected to rape, which is a tool of the genocide that is being used. 
Why would we expect in a bureaucracy that it would orient itself towards distant suffering? 
It is structurally really, really hard to do, as the Bush administration rightly does, which is to denounce genocide on a Monday and then describe water boarding on a Tuesday as a no-brainer and then turn up on Wednesday and look for troop commitments. 
People date the beginning of this new era to 9/11, but surely 1983, with the attack on the US Embassy and the Marine barracks -- which Sergio witnessed -- those are, in fact, in some ways, the dawning of the era that we find ourselves in today. 
He's the guy put in charge. He's the Paul Bremer or the Jerry Bremer of first Kosovo and then East Timor. He governs the places. 
So Sergio -- this receptacle of all of this learning on how to deal with evil and how to deal with brokenness, lay under the rubble for three and a half hours without rescue. 
He had a lot of flaws, but he was very adaptive. 
Be in the room, don't be afraid of talking to your adversaries, but don't bracket what happened before you entered the room. 
Don't black-box history. Don't check your principles at the door. 
And I recognize there is so much to be afraid of. 
We have reason to be afraid of melting ice caps. 
We have reason to be afraid that we haven't secured loose nuclear material in the former Soviet Union. 
And we as citizens, as we go through this experience of the kind of, the crisis of confidence, crisis of competence, crisis of legitimacy, I think there's a temptation to pull back from the world and say, ah, Katrina, Iraq -- we don't know what we're doing. 
And the lesson, I think, of the anti-genocide movement that I mentioned, that is a partial success but by no means has it achieved what it has set out to do -- it'll be many decades, probably, before that happens -- but is that if we want to see change, we have to become the change. 
As a matter of fact, I think a lot of my design ideas come from mistakes and tricks of the eye. 
Because I feel like, you know, there are so many images out there, so many clothes out there. 
And I saw this really smart critic who I love. 
I know about a wolf and a bird and, you know, he ate the bird, and then in the end you hear, you know, you hear the bird squeaking, or something, you know? 
If I'm commissioned to do the costumes for an 18th-century opera, or something like that, I will do a lot of research, because it's interesting, not because it's what I'm supposed to do. 
So actually, check this out. 
So you'll have to, like, go check it out and come see me or something. 
And you know, I don't say that I do everything well, I just say that I do a lot of things, that's all. 
I don't really think of myself as a designer, I don't really think of myself necessarily as a fashion designer. 
I think of myself as a ... I don't know what I think of myself as. 
And I always tell her that I find myself with a lot of time on the computer bridge program. 
Then how could you serve, you know, a beat up old dress or something. 
How could you show a beat up old dress? 
So check this out. 
It's got a lot of different things on it. 
And it just began like in the beginning of February. So who knows? 
The liquid is actually that clear liquid. 
In our early days we used to work a lot on rockets, but we also used to have a lot of parties, you know. 
So you see, on the bottom, that rocket was supposed to go upward; somehow it ended going sideways. 
It's a planet somewhat similar to Earth. It's a little bit smaller, but the land mass on Mars is about the same as the land mass on Earth, you know, if you don't take the oceans into account. 
And if you look at the height of it and you compare it to Mount Everest, you see, it'll give you an idea of how large that Mount Olympus, you know, is, relative to Mount Everest. 
And we wanted to find out -- and we see all kinds of glacial features on it. 
So, we wanted to find out, actually, what is that ice made of, and could that have embedded in it some organic, you know, material. 
So I thought I would go a little bit and tell you, kind of, the steps we go through. 
In general we don't try to please the customer here. 
If you are going to Jupiter, you have a very high-radiation, you know, environment. It's about the same radiation environment close by Jupiter as inside a nuclear reactor. 
So just imagine: you take your P.C. and throw it into a nuclear reactor and it still has to work. 
So we can't use airbags. So we have to come up with another ingenious idea of how do we land it. 
But for scientists, also the rings have a special meaning, because we believe they represent, on a small scale, how the Solar System actually formed. 
Some of the scientists believe that the way the Solar System formed, that the Sun when it collapsed and actually created the Sun, a lot of the dust around it created rings and then the particles in those rings accumulated together, and they formed bigger rocks, and then that's how the planets, you know, were formed. 
So, the idea is, by watching Saturn we're actually watching our solar system in real time being formed on a smaller scale, so it's like a test bed for it. 
So that's why you have these gaps, is because a small satellite, you know, is being formed in that location. 
And we have a wide variety of kind of satellites which will form, each one looking very different and very odd, and that keeps scientists busy for tens of years trying to explain this, and telling NASA we need more money so we can explain what these things look like, or why they formed that way. 
Now, another satellite also attracted a lot of attention, and that's Titan. And the reason Titan is particularly interesting, it's a satellite bigger than our moon, and it has an atmosphere. 
Now, methane gets people all excited, because it's organic material, so immediately people start thinking, could life have evolved in that location, when you have a lot of organic material. 
So it could be Earth, frozen three billion years ago before life actually started on it. 
So that's getting a lot of interest, and to show you some example of what we did in there, we actually dropped a probe, which was developed by our colleagues in Europe, we dropped a probe as we were orbiting Saturn. 
What it turned out, that all that we are seeing, all this liquid, [is made of] hydrocarbon and ethane and methane, similar to what you put in your car. 
 Yeah. The artist doesn't really seem to know where to put the different colors. 
I would like to show you here a picture which is a bit more advanced. 
We are only happy when things are in order. 
 You can see now, that's a good example: even behaving in an orderly, systematic way can sometimes lead to complete chaos. 
And I mean, in the original it's completely unclear to see what this tangle of colors and shapes is supposed to depict. 
In the end, one has a list with which one then can arrange. 
 Yeah, from my own experience. So I'm --  Actually, I mean, here we have some artists that are a bit more structured. It's not too bad. 
And you know, there you had this little sign -- I put this little sign outside the door every morning that read, "Please tidy room." I don't know if you have them over here. 
 Yeah? I would actually prefer to do it more this way. 
And it's not done, as many people imagine, with the computer, otherwise it would look like this. 
And then I -- this sort of thing is ideal for tidying up. 
And I'm happy to sign it for you with any name of any artist. 
Let me explain why we are here and why some of you have a pine cone close to you. 
And thanks to Jay Walker who was here and Mitch Kapor who was here, who started the process, Long Now was able to get that two-mile-long strip of land. 
The labyrinth is a concept, it's like a twilight zone, it's a place where it's difficult, where you get disoriented, maybe you get scared -- but you have to go through it if you're going to get to some kind of deep reintegration. 
Then there should always be in sight the draw -- a kind of a beacon that draws you on through the labyrinth to finish the process of getting there. 
Something you didn't expect that caps what you did expect. 
What do you look for? 
The stone itself is absolutely beautiful, sculpted by millennia of very tough winters up there. 
You'll find out why it's called a bristlecone pine. A little sensory experience. 
Edmund Schulman in the 1950s had been studying trees under great stress at Timberline, and came to the realization that he put in an article in Science magazine called, "Longevity under Adversity in Conifers." 
Well, a few years went by and there was some kind of back and forth, and by and by, thanks to Mitch and Jay, we were able to buy the whole property for 140,000 dollars. 
You can imagine what it was like in the winter at 10,000 feet. 
That was a great time to go up and visit our weather station which again, thanks to Mitch Kapor, we're building up there. 
But there's no bears, and there's no poison oak, and there's basically no people because this place has been empty for a long time. 
You need to come up the Lincoln Canyon. 
And you can carry right on up through meadows and steepening forest to the high base of the cliffs at 10,500 feet, where there's a bit of a problem. 
And check -- those are 600-foot vertical walls there. 
And I'm going, "Careful, careful. Please be careful." 
This is all Forest Service land. If you go up on top of those cliffs, that's some of the Long Now land in those trees. 
And if you go up there and look back, then you'll get a sense of what the view starts to be like from the top of the mountain. 
We should probably put in a rail or something. 
And they're doing pretty well, but they've got a bit of trouble. 
And as it turned out the answer is, yes, that is from down below in the valley it does look like the peak, and that might be conjured with. 
And if you go out to that line of trees at the far end, you'll see what the valley used to look like. 
And a scheme emerged that Long Now is looking to see if it might be possible to buy up the whole valley, because those 10 ranches with their 17,000 acres dominate a 500 square mile valley with their grazing allotments and so on, and there's a possibility that you could get the whole thing for five million dollars and gradually restore it to its wild condition, and somewhere in the process turn it back over to the National Park, 
Now, try to imagine 40, 50 films wrapped, distributed, every week in the streets of Lagos, Nigeria and West Africa. 
So if you're making a movie, no matter what your topic is, put in a message in there. 
For a young man to really make it out here, you got to think of some negative things and all that, or some kind of vices. 
Kevin Books Ikeduba: What I'm scared of is just the explosion will come up in my face. 
I spent, you know, several weeks with all these actors, producers, and the problems they have to go through are unimaginable for, you know, a Westerner, a filmmaker who works in America or in Europe. 
And there's one thing, one small challenge that I have for you, and should make us reflect on the importance of storytelling. 
Try to imagine a world where the only goal is food and a shelter, but no stories. 
So imagine 45 films per week. 
Maybe, you know, for you to try to imagine this, these are films that are distributed directly in markets. 
CA: So on the streets, are film casts ... z FS: You can be in a Lagos traffic jam and you can buy a movie or some bananas or some water. Yes. 
Well, you see this space that's created by designers and by the work of people, but what you actually see is a lot of material that was already here, being reshaped in a certain form. 
If you look at this picture, what you will see is a lot of dark with some light objects in it. 
But there's a lot of other galaxies, and some are nearby, and they're kind of the color of the Sun, and some are further away and they're a little bluer, and so forth. 
The Sun is eight minutes ago. That's not such a big deal, right, unless there's solar flares coming then you want to get out the way. 
But you get out to Jupiter and it's 40 minutes away. It's a problem. 
The beginning of time is funny -- it's on the outside, right? 
And later this year -- this is the cool stealth version, the one that actually has some beautiful design features to it, and you should look -- the Planck satellite will be launched, and it will make very high-resolution maps. 
And that will be the sequence of understanding the very beginning of the universe. 
And we go through a period of accelerating expansion, and the universe expands and cools until it gets to the point where it becomes transparent, then to the Dark Ages, and then the first stars turn on, and they evolve into galaxies, and then later they get to the more expansive galaxies. 
I always think of space-time as being the real substance of space, and the galaxies and the stars just like the foam on the ocean. 
And every time there's a galaxy -- at its location there's a galaxy -- and if we know anything about the galaxy, which we do, because there's a redshift measurement and everything, you put in the type of galaxy and the color, so this is the real representation. 
So I'm going to show you the results of a very large-scale simulation of what we think the universe might be like, using, essentially, some of the play principles and some of the design principles that, you know, humans have labored so hard to pick up, but apparently nature knew how to do at the beginning. 
And then you put in some randomness, some fluctuations and some randomness, and realize a whole bunch of different representations. 
This one we're zooming in on is somewhere between 100,000 and a million galaxies in that small region. 
Now we're going to zoom back out, and you can see this structure that, when we get very far out, looks very regular, but it's made up of a lot of irregular variations. 
It's got dark matter, it's got ordinary matter, it's got photons and it's got neutrinos, which don't play much role in the later part of the universe. 
We're going to start and realize that the entire visible universe, everything we can see in every direction with the Hubble Space Telescope plus our other instruments, was once in a region that was smaller than an atom. 
So I'm going to show you a smaller simulation. 
So you start out with teeny fluctuations when the universe was at this point, now four times smaller, and so forth. 
At the beginning it's very uniform. 
So we have an idea of how to play seriously, creating the universe by starting with essentially less than an eyedrop full of material, and we create everything we can see in any direction, right, from almost nothing -- that is, something extremely tiny, extremely small -- and it is almost perfect, except it has these tiny fluctuations at a part in 100,000 level, which turn out to produce the interesting patterns and designs we see, 
We see the same large-scale structure, but we see additional small-scale structure. 
We want to get to the point in our maps of the early universe we can see whether there are any non-linear effects that are starting to move, to modify, and are giving us a hint about how space-time itself was actually created at the beginning moments. 
We started looking at things like death rates in the 20th century, and how they'd been improved, and very simple things turned out. 
And then, to have to deal with large groups, say, at the nation-state level, and we had to have mutual non-aggression, or through a series of conflicts, we eventually came to a rough international bargain to largely keep the peace. 
So individuals in small groups super-empowered by access to these kinds of self-replicating technologies, whether it be biological or other, are clearly a danger in our world. 
I got up the next morning and walked out of the city, and all the sanitation trucks were parked on Houston Street and ready to go down and start taking the rubble away. 
And I would say that we can't give up the rule of law to fight an asymmetric threat, which is what we seem to be doing because of the present, the people that are in power, because that's to give up the thing that makes civilization. 
And we can't fight the threat in the kind of stupid way we're doing, because a million-dollar act causes a billion dollars of damage, causes a trillion dollar response which is largely ineffective and arguably, probably almost certainly, has made the problem worse. 
So we can't fight the thing with a million-to-one cost, one-to-a-million cost-benefit ratio. 
And that is to say that there's a lot of legs left in Moore's Law. 
Now, just imagine what that $100 computer will be in 2020 as a tool for education. 
And John Doerr and Brook and others got concerned, [unclear], and we started looking around at what the world was doing about being prepared for a pandemic. And we saw a lot of gaps. 
We need networks that can find out what's going on. 
So we're very excited because we think we can fund 10, or speed up 10 projects and see them come to market in the next couple years that will address this. 
So if we can address, use technology, help address education, help address the environment, help address the pandemic, does that solve the larger problem that I was talking about in the Wired article? And I'm afraid the answer is really no, because you can't solve a problem with the management of technology with more technology. 
If we let an unlimited amount of power loose, then we will -- a very small number of people will be able to abuse it. 
We can't fight at a million-to-one disadvantage. 
And growing up as we have, and holding very high the value of free speech, this is a hard thing for us to accept -- for all of us to accept. 
 Not a lot of people are doing it. 
And the rest of the year they're free to roam around Eduardo's land and eat what they want. 
He doesn't look like a guy who's paying off French judges for his foie gras. 
I saw first-hand a system that is incredibly complex and then at the same time, like everything beautiful in nature, is utterly simple. 
His biggest obstacle, really, was the marketplace, which demands these days bright yellow foie gras. 
You want to look and see what good foie gras is, it's got to be bright yellow. 
Imagine -- I don't know, imagine a hog farm in, like, North Carolina, and a wild pig comes upon a factory farm and decides to stay. 
It had all the qualities of foie gras, but its fat had a lot of integrity and a lot of honesty. 
And in the corner of one of these -- one of my notes, is this note that says, when asked, what do you think of conventional foie gras? 
And the Jews, fearing for their life, had to come up with an ingenious idea, or at least try and satisfy the Pharaoh's wishes, of course. 
And stop degrading resources under the guise of cheap food. 
Great creativity can spread tolerance, champion freedom, make education seem like a bright idea. 
It can make war seem like tragedy or farce. 
And this is why that’s not entirely a good thing: because over the age of 65, your risk of getting Alzheimer’s or Parkinson’s disease will increase exponentially. 
By 2050, there’ll be about 32 million people in the United States over the age of 80, and unless we do something about it, half of them will have Alzheimer’s disease and three million more will have Parkinson’s disease. 
Alzheimer’s disease starts when a protein that should be folded up properly misfolds into a kind of demented origami. 
That would keep it from forming the tangles that seem to kill large sections of the brain when they do. 
Head injuries are bad for you. They lead to Parkinson’s disease. 
It’s also the biggest risk factor for glaucoma, which is just Alzheimer’s disease of the eye. 
But it's believed that the oldest living Redwoods are perhaps 2,500 years old -- roughly the age of the Parthenon -- although it's also suspected that there may be individual trees that are older than that. 
Even so, about four percent of the primeval Redwood rainforest remains intact, wild and now protected -- entirely protected -- in a chain of small parks strung out like pearls along the north coast of California, including Redwood National Park. 
I'm going to ask you to imagine what a Redwood really is as a living organism. 
Now, let your imagination go upward into space. 
Plant this small seed, wait 2,000 years, and you get this: the Lost Monarch. 
He climbed up a small tree next to this giant Redwood, and then he leaped through space and grabbed a branch with his hands, and ended up hanging, like catching a bar of a trapeze. 
After three books on this, it got to be a bit much, in a way. 
They don't seem to suffer from the same fear of heights that humans do. 
Humans appear to be the only primates that I know of that are afraid of heights. 
We had been visited in the night by flying squirrels, who don't seem to recognize humans for what they are because they've never seen them in the canopy before. 
There is a small person right down there on the ground. 
And all of a sudden, you lose sight of the ground, and you also lose sight of the sky, and you're in a three-dimensional labyrinth in the air filled with hanging gardens of ferns growing out of soil, which is populated with all kinds of small organisms. 
Now, here we see a reiteration in Chronos, one of the older Redwoods. 
In the 1950s, a small organism appeared in Richmond, Virginia, called the Hemlock woolly adelgid. 
And what we're seeing is not just the potential death of the Eastern Hemlock species -- that is to say, its extinction from nature due to this invading parasite -- but we're also seeing the death of an incredibly complex ecosystem for which these trees are merely the substrate for the aerial labyrinth of the sky that exists in their crowns. 
And I think that one of the happiest things is the sense that with my children I've been able to introduce them into the very small circle of humans who are lucky enough, or possibly stupid enough, to still climb trees. 
But that's just a very small facet of a much greater problem of invasions of species worldwide, all through the ecosystems, and you know, the Earth itself -- CA: Partly caused by us, inadvertently. 
You can imagine the amount of time that it took me to do this to the house and the displeasure of my parents. 
The thing that was always striking to me was that we as people could have so many really amazing ideas about things we'd like to do, but are so often unable, in the real world, to actually do those things -- to actually cobble together the materials and go through the actual execution phase of building something that you imagine from a design perspective. 
And I think that Second Life and virtual worlds more generally represent the best we can do to achieve that right now. 
And then the second thing is that there's this tangible sense that if you travel far enough, you can find out there -- once you get there, into space. 
In fact, Second Life virtual worlds are a lot like the Internet in the early '90s today: everybody's very excited, there's a lot of hype and excitement about one idea or the next from moment to moment, and then there's despair and everybody thinks the whole thing's not going to work. 
It's about 20,000 computers connected together in three facilities in the United States right now, that are simulating this virtual space. And the virtual space itself -- there's about 250,000 people a day that are wandering around in there, so the kind of, active population is something like a smallish city. 
You can do tests that show that you'll remember that I was talking about a chair a couple of days later a lot better. 
I think that wherever this is all going, whether it's Second Life or its descendants, or something broader that happens all around the world at a lot of different points -- this is what we're going to see the Internet used for, and total traffic and total unique users is going to invert, so that the Web and its bibliographic set of text and graphical information is going to become a tool or a part of that consumption pattern, 
That idea of infinite possibility, that magic of anything can happen, only happens in an environment where you really know that there's a fundamental freedom at the level of the individual actor, at the level of the Lego blocks, if you will, that make up the virtual world. 
And what's more, human society, when it's controlled, when you set out a grand scheme of rules, a new way of people interacting, or a new way of laying out a city, or whatever, that stuff historically has never scaled much beyond, you know -- I always laughingly say -- the Mall of America, you know, which is like, the largest piece of centrally designed architecture that, you know, has been built. 
JH: Give me a story of a tool you created at the beginning in Second Life that you were pretty sure people would want to use in the creation of their avatars or in communicating that people actually in practice said, no, I'm not interested in that at all, and name something that you didn't come up with that almost immediately people began to demand. 
PR: I'm sure I can think of multiple examples of both of those. 
And we had -- we zoned it, you know: we put a nightclub, we put a disco where you could dance, and then we had a place where you could fight with guns if you wanted to, and we had another place that was like a boardwalk, kind of a Coney Island. 
And what was so amazing right from the start was that the idea that we had put out in the zoning concept, basically, was instantly and thoroughly ignored, and like, two months into the whole thing, -- which is really a small amount of time, even in Second Life time -- I remember the users, the people who were then using Second Life, the residents came to me and said, we want to buy the disco -- 
because I had built it -- we want to buy that land and raze it and put houses on it. And I sold it to them -- I mean, we transferred ownership and they had a big party and blew up the entire building. 
There is no attempt to structure the experience, to make it utopian in that sense that we put into it. 
PR: But I don't look like my avatar. 
It doesn't seem to have its own culture, and the sort of differences that exist in the real world aren't translated into the Second Life map. 
The dominant ones are -- if you take the UK and Europe, together they make up about 55 percent of the usage base in Second Life. 
In terms of psychographic, you know, the people in Second Life are remarkably dissimilar relative to what you might think, when you go in and talk to them and meet them, and I would, you know, challenge you to just do this and find out. 
It's not easy to describe as a demographic. 
JH: You describe yourself, Philip, as someone who was really creative when you were young and, you know, liked to make things. 
I mean, it's not often that you hear somebody describe themselves as really creative. 
I suspect that's possibly a euphemism for C student who spent a lot of time in his room? Is it possible? 
I was shy. I don't seem like it now, but I was very shy. 
I don't think we can get away from those changes. 
A lot of hydrogen's produced today in the world. 
Now that's a lot of money. 
So since we can't predict the future, we want to spend a lot of our time trying to create that future. 
and you compare that to the electric grid in the United States, it turns out that four percent of the automobiles, the power in four percent of the automobiles, equals that of the electric grid of the US. 
And a lot of people say, how do you sleep at night when you're rustling with a problem of that magnitude? 
LEDs are smaller, they're cheaper, they're longer lasting, they're more efficient. 
That's nothing new: that's a propeller clock; that's the rims that you can buy for your car. 
Now this piece is currently in process -- due out in May -- but what we've done is we've put together a small demo, just to show the geometric translation of points into a sphere. 
It's an honor to be here. Thanks very much. 
I'd go up and learn these old songs from her. 
He said, well, you can go back to Clinch Mountain, where I'm from, or Asheville or Mount Airy, North Carolina -- some place that has a lot of music. 
Because there's a lot of old people still living that play that old style. 
You can imagine how excited they were. 
You see, we'd just been to the grocery store, and my mom refused to buy us the jar of Ovaltine that had the coupon for the Captain Midnight decoder ring in it. 
She pulled the car over; she said, "Get out of the car." 
But the foreman was kind enough to give us each a check for a dollar, but my mother would never let us cash it. 
I had to sit down and make lists, because I was ready to go; I was ready to check out of this world. 
And you know, at the top of the list, of course, were Jenny, and my son, Zeb, my parents -- I didn't want to hurt them. 
I just break off another bottleneck and play these steel guitar blues. 
It's going to really hurt if I don't take that off. Okay. 
Well, to describe our profession otherwise, we are actually concerned with the playful search for beauty. 
So he asked me, could he please visit me, and then finally he did, and explained to me that what I did now in my shop was an anachronism, that the industrial revolution had broken out, and that I rather should join the factory. 
I became art director of the china and glass industry, and eventually under Stalin's purges -- at the beginning of Stalin's purges, I didn't know that hundreds of thousands of innocent people were arrested. 
And since I don't like to travel alone, they also invited my daughter, son-in-law and granddaughter, so we had a lovely trip to see Russia today, which is not a very pleasant and happy view. 
Now, that's a lot, a lot of bees, and that's really important. 
We know that there are these varroa mites that have introduced and caused a lot of losses, and we also have this new phenomenon, which I talked about last year, Colony Collapse Disorder. 
And one documentary writer, who was here and looked at this two months after I was here, described this not as beehives but as a graveyard, with these empty white boxes with no bees left in them. 
It's also pretty clear that the bees sometimes catch other viruses or other flus, and so the question we're still struggling with, and the question that keeps us up at night, is why have the bees suddenly become so susceptible to this flu, and why are they so susceptible to these other diseases? 
And we don't have the answer to that yet, and we spend a lot of time trying to figure that out. 
We know from the work of a very large and dynamic working team that, you know, we're finding a lot of different pesticides in the hive, and surprisingly, sometimes the healthiest hives have the most pesticides. And so we discover all these very strange things that we can't begin to understand. 
And that's why we've been able to recover from a lot of loss. 
If this was a group of beekeepers, you would have everyone from the card-carrying NRA member who's, you know, live free or die, to the, you know, the self-expressed quirky San Francisco backyard pig farmer. 
We needed beeswax for a project we were working on; he was so capable, he was able to render the nicest block of beeswax I have ever seen from cow dung, tin cans and his veil, which he used as a screening, right in this meadow. And so that ingenuity is inspiring. 
And a lot of people talk about trucks and moving bees, and that being bad, but we've done that for thousands of years. 
You know, they pick up their hives; they move their families once or twice in a year. 
And that's where all the beekeepers come after a night of moving bees into the almond groves. 
We also have the sweat bees, and these are little gems flying around. 
And in fact, there is now a red list of pollinators that we're worried have disappeared, and on top of that list are a lot of these kleptoparasites, but also these bumblebees. 
And in fact, if you guys live on the West Coast, go to these websites here, and they're really looking for people to look for some of these bumblebees, because we think some have gone extinct. Or some, the population has declined. 
And so all of Western Europe started buying printing presses in 1455 -- to print out thousands, and then hundreds of thousands, and then ultimately millions of single, small pieces of paper that got you out of middle hell and into heaven. 
You’re going to find out why in a minute, because when I went to see Eileen, this is what I said I wanted to build. 
A lot of the Kobe beef that you see in the U.S. is not the real thing. 
I was really happy when I was done. 
 Now, the photographer who took the pictures for this project for some reason posed his dog in a lot of them, so that's why you're going to see this recurring character. 
And then I was left with these little ugly flakes on my pasta that, you know, their purpose had been served, and so I'm afraid to say that this was also a disappointment to me. 
That said, a lot of work goes into these. 
 A recurring theme is that a lot of these things are from Japan -- I don't play golf, so I couldn't actually road test these, but I did interview a guy who owns them. 
The guy who I interviewed who owns them did say that he's gotten a lot of pleasure out of them, so ... 
And then an enzyme in its digestive tract leeches into the beans, and people with the unenviable job of collecting these cats' leavings then go through the forest collecting the, you know, results and processing it into coffee -- although you actually can buy it in the unprocessed form. 
Not only is it a technological leap forward, but I really do believe it's a bit of a cultural leap forward. 
And then I tasted it, and it, you know, had this kind of unctuous, porty richness, which is characteristic of that wine -- that it sort of resembles port in a lot of ways. 
A lot of people, you know, said that they liked the more expensive wine more -- it was the same wine, but they thought it was a different one that was more expensive. 
And what I want to talk to you about today is what that gift is, and I also want to explain to you why it is that it hasn't made a damn bit of difference. 
Calculating odds would seem to be something rather easy: there are six sides to a die, two sides to a coin, 52 cards in a deck. 
The way people figure odds requires that we first talk a bit about pigs. 
Well, you check memory very briefly, make a quick scan, and it's awfully easy to say to yourself, Ring, Rang, Rung, and very hard to say to yourself, Pare, Park: they come more slowly. 
And economists -- forgive me, for those of you who play the lottery -- but economists, at least among themselves, refer to the lottery as a stupidity tax, because the odds of getting any payoff by investing your money in a lottery ticket are approximately equivalent to flushing the money directly down the toilet -- which, by the way, doesn't require that you actually go to the store and buy anything. 
Well, there are many answers, but one answer surely is, we see a lot of winners. Right? When this couple wins the lottery, or Ed McMahon shows up at your door with this giant check -- how the hell do you cash things that size, I don't know. 
Now, if you watch nine-and-a-half years of television -- no sleep, no potty breaks -- and you saw loss after loss after loss, and then at the end there's 30 seconds of, "and I won," the likelihood that you would play the lottery is very small. 
It costs you a dollar to buy the ticket and, if you win, you get 20 bucks. Is this a good bet? 
Now, a slightly different version of this lottery: imagine that the nine tickets are all owned by one fat guy named Leroy. 
Now, you can see the odds of winning haven't changed, but it's now fantastically easy to imagine who's going to win. 
Because they had the sense that declining wages are worse than rising wages, even when the total amount of wages is higher in the declining period. Here's another nice example. 
Assuming you wanted to go to Hawaii, would you buy this package? 
By the time you get to the ticket agency, the best fares are gone -- the package now costs 1,500. Would you buy it? Most people say, no. 
This tendency to compare to the past is causing people to pass up the better deal. In other words, a good deal that used to be a great deal is not nearly as good as an awful deal that was once a horrible deal. 
You compare the cost of the play now -- 40 dollars -- to the cost that it used to have -- 20 dollars -- and you say it's a bad deal. 
But even when we compare with the possible, instead of the past, we still make certain kinds of mistakes. 
One of the things we know about comparison: that when we compare one thing to the other, it changes its value. 
So in 1992, this fellow, George Bush, for those of us who were kind of on the liberal side of the political spectrum, didn't seem like such a great guy. 
And so a retailer, if you were to go into a wine shop and you had to buy a bottle of wine, and you see them here for eight, 27 and 33 dollars, what would you do? 
If you're a smart retailer, then, you will put a very expensive item that nobody will ever buy on the shelf, because suddenly the $33 wine doesn't look as expensive in comparison. 
You've all experienced this yourself, even if you've never come into our lab to eat potato chips. So here's a question: You want to buy a car stereo. 
They can't imagine buying it for twice the price when, with one trip across town, they can get it for half off. 
Now, let's imagine instead you wanted to buy a car that had a stereo, and the dealer near your house had it for 31,000. 
When you go to buy groceries with it, it doesn't go, I'm the money saved on the car stereo, or, I'm the dumb money saved on the car. It's money. 
What are the odds that years later you'll turn on the stereo and go, "Sounds so much better than those little ones," which you can't even remember hearing. 
This typifies a lot of situations in life in which you will gain by waiting, but you have to be patient. 
Maybe that isn't so remarkable, but what is remarkable is how easy it is to make this impatience go away by simply changing when the delivery of these monetary units will happen. 
However, the difference between them seems to be getting smaller. 
One, the farther away they are, the smaller they look; and two, the fireman is always bigger than the fiddler. 
The answer to this question, I think, is an answer you've already heard in some of the talks, and I dare say you will hear again: namely, that our brains were evolved for a very different world than the one in which we are living. 
They were evolved for a world in which people lived in very small groups, rarely met anybody who was terribly different from themselves, had rather short lives in which there were few choices and the highest priority was to eat and mate today. 
I tried to point out to them that terrorism was a name based on people's psychological reaction to a set of events, and that if they were concerned about terrorism they might ask what causes terror and how can we stop people from being terrified, rather than -- not rather than, but in addition to stopping the atrocities that we're all concerned about. 
If I told you that there was a plague that was going to kill 15,000 Americans next year, you might be alarmed if you didn't find out it was the flu. 
These are small-scale accidents, and we should be wondering whether they should get the kind of play, the kind of coverage, that they do. 
Surely that causes people to overestimate the likelihood that they'll be hurt in these various ways, and gives power to the very people who want to frighten us. 
Second, these are enemies who may want to strike and hurt us again. 
So there are a number of things that together make this seem like a fantastic event, but let's not play down the fact that newspapers sell when people see something in it they want to read. So there's a large role here played by the media, who want these things to be as spectacular as they possibly can. 
DG: Well, go to Israel. You know, go to Israel. And a mall blows up, and then everybody's unhappy about it, and an hour-and-a-half later -- at least when I was there, and I was 150 feet from the mall when it blew up -- I went back to my hotel and the wedding that was planned was still going on. 
  That's a tough one. 
If that turns out to be wrong, we all look silly, but with poverty it's a bit -- DG: Even if that were true, still more people die from poverty. 
CA: We've evolved to get all excited about these dramatic attacks. Is that because in the past, in the ancient past, we just didn't understand things like disease and systems that cause poverty and so forth, and so it made no sense for us as a species to put any energy into worrying about those things? 
Jay Walker: You know, economists love to talk about the stupidity of people who buy lottery tickets. But I suspect you're making the exact same error you're accusing those people of, which is the error of value. 
 DG: Well, no, it's a great point. It remains to be seen whether the joy of anticipation is exactly equaled by the amount of disappointment after the lottery. Because remember, people who didn't buy tickets don't feel awful the next day either, even though they don't feel great during the drawing. 
I very much resonate with what you're saying, because it seems to me that the problem with getting people interested in doing anything about aging is that by the time aging is about to kill you it looks like cancer or heart disease or whatever. Do you have any advice? 
But one thing that psychologists have tried that seems to work is to get people to imagine the future more vividly. 
One of the problems with making decisions about the far future and the near future is that we imagine the near future much more vividly than the far future. 
To the extent that you can equalize the amount of detail that people put into the mental representations of near and far future, people begin to make decisions about the two in the same way. 
So, would you like to have an extra 100,000 dollars when you're 65 is a question that's very different than, imagine who you'll be when you're 65: will you be living, what will you look like, how much hair will you have, who will you be living with. 
Apart from the intrinsic value of the biology and mineralogy and geo-microbiology that we do there, we're also using these as templates for figuring out how to go look for life on other planets. 
Particularly Mars, but also Europa, the small, icy moon around Jupiter. 
And so I think that that holds together a great deal of the work that people in this audience approach. 
We've written a number of things on the role of Gaia hypothesis -- whether or not you could consider Earth as a single entity in any meaningful scientific sense, and then, as an outgrowth of that, I worked on the environmental consequences of nuclear war. 
We're getting ready to begin to go through the process of leaving our planet of origin and out into the wider solar system and beyond. 
So, finding life on another planet is a non-trivial occupation and we spend a lot of time trying to think about that. 
I think it's there, and I think we need to go look for it, and I think it's underground. 
How do you plan to look for it? 
Well, it's probably microscopic, and it's never easy to study microscopic things, although the amazing tools that we now have to do that allow us to study things in much greater depth, at much smaller scales than ever before. 
We say small, but what does that mean? 
Is it virus-sized? Is it smaller than that? 
The extremes on Earth are interesting in their own right, but one of the reasons that we're interested in them is because they represent, really, the average conditions that we may expect on other planets. 
It requires crawling, climbing, rope-work, technical rope-work and many other complex human motions in order to access these. 
I'm not going to go through all of these projects now, but we're involved in about half-a-dozen robotic development projects, in collaboration with a number of different groups. 
I'm working on this with the Field and Space Robotics Laboratory and my friend Steve Dubowsky at MIT, and we have come up with the idea of having little, jumping bean-like robots that are propelled by artificial muscle, which is one of the Dubowsky Lab's specialties -- are the EPAMs, or artificial muscles. 
It turns out to be a fairly simple and small list, and we have gone in the relatively primitive technology direction. 
So, we're talking about things like inflatable liners that can conform to the complex topological shape on the inside of a cave, foamed-in-place airlocks to deal with this complex topology, various ways of getting breathing gases made from the intrinsic materials of these bodies. 
One of the burning questions, of course, is if we go there and find life in the sub-surface, as I fully expect that we will, is that a second genesis of life? 
This will be a fascinating puzzle as we go into the next half-century, and where I expect that we will have more and more Mars missions to answer these questions. 
 So I didn't expect that, but -- I mean, I expected you could synchronize. 
It didn't occur to me you'd increase your frequency. 
Do you need, for instance, to be as smart as you are? 
It's real. In fact, I'll try to explain today that sync is maybe one of, if not one of the most, perhaps the most pervasive drive in all of nature. 
When you're small and vulnerable, like these starlings, or like the fish, it helps to swarm to avoid predators, to confuse predators. 
And third, they're all attracted to each other, but they try to keep a small distance apart. 
There's a fourth rule: when a predator's coming, get out of the way. 
You might wonder what exactly is the advantage to being in a swarm, so you can think of several. 
As I say, if you're in a swarm, your odds of being the unlucky one are reduced as compared to a small group. 
There doesn't seem to be anything mystical about this. 
The combined light from these beetles -- these are actually tiny beetles -- is so bright that fishermen out at sea can use them as navigating beacons to find their way back to their home rivers. It's stunning. 
What I have here are two empty water bottles. 
All right, so, I've got a metronome, and it's the world's smallest metronome, the -- well, I shouldn't advertise. 
Anyway, so this is the world's smallest metronome. 
 Now, that might seem a bit whimsical, but this pervasiveness of this tendency towards spontaneous order sometimes has unexpected consequences. 
And a clear case of that, was something that happened in London in the year 2000. 
So I want to first show you some interviews with people who were on the bridge on opening day, who will describe what happened. 
Think of the bridge as being like this platform. 
Think of the people as being like metronomes. 
But also, after you see the bridge on opening day, you'll see an interesting clip of work done by a bridge engineer at Cambridge named Allan McRobie, who figured out what happened on the bridge, and who built a bridge simulator to explain exactly what the problem was. 
Actually, I think the first person you'll see is the young engineer who was put in charge of this project. Okay. 
Interviewer: Right. So it was quite small -- Engineer: Yes. Interviewer: -- but real? 
We'd spent a lot of time designing this bridge, and we'd analyzed it, we'd checked it to codes -- to heavier loads than the codes -- and here it was doing something that we didn't know about. 
AM: It captures a lot of the physics, yes. 
Interviewer: For a more convincing experiment, I wanted my own opening-day crowd, the sound check team. 
It's amazing, when you meet a head of state and you say, "What is your most precious natural resource?" -- they will not say children at first. 
And I don't mean that they drop out of school in the third or fourth grade -- they don't go. 
That's smaller than I predicted -- I predicted three to 10 million -- but is still a very large number. 
So think of it this way: think of it as inoculating children against ignorance. 
And think of the laptop as a vaccine. 
 And if you think about it, a lot of the foods that we or Americans think of as Chinese food are barely recognizable to Chinese. 
And in Kyoto, outside, there are still small family-run bakeries that make fortune cookies, as they did over 100 years ago, 30 years before fortune cookies were introduced in the United States. 
He's retired, deaf and plays a lot of mah–jongg. 
Because it doesn't look like Chinese food to them. 
There's a lot of different mysteries and legends, but of the ones I've found, the most interesting is this article from 1904. 
This is a dish called "crispy shredded beef," which has a lot of crisp, a lot of shred, and not a lot of beef. 
So, there's Peruvian Chinese food, which should not be mixed with Mexican Chinese food, where they basically take things and make it look like fajitas. 
McDonald's has garnered a lot of attention, a lot of respect, for basically standardizing the menu, decor and dining experience in post-World War II America. 
So, this actually became very clear to me with the March 30, 2005 Powerball drawing, where they expected, based on the number of ticket sales they had, to have three or four second-place winners, people who match five or six Powerball numbers. 
Now, I don't have a TV, which makes me a freak, but very productive --  And there's an episode of "Lost" where one guy has a lucky number, but it's not a lucky number, it's why he's on the island, but they looked and the numbers did not match. 
So what I like to say, this being Bay Area, Silicon Valley, is that we think of McDonald's as sort of the Microsoft of dining experiences. 
We can think of Chinese restaurants perhaps as Linux, sort of an open-source thing, right? 
But, you know, it's very easy to overlook the smaller characters. 
You know, sometimes there's a 10-, 15-minute break out there when you're waiting for a wave to come in. 
And when I went to find out something, I used scientific methods. I wasn't real surprised, you know, when they first told me how -- how you were supposed to do science, because I'd already been doing it for fun and whatever. 
And they would get really pissy, and all of a sudden people would spill out into the street and fight about issues like whether or not it was okay if Robert Boyle made a device called the vacuum pump. 
And anybody who wants to do science is -- this is about the time that Isaac Newton was starting to whip out a lot of really interesting things. 
And so, they would come in and you would do -- Anybody that was going to show an experiment, which was kind of a new word at the time, demonstrate some principle, they had to do it on stage, where everybody could see it. 
They didn't have sparklers. But, they --  -- you can make up rules, but they have to relate only to the things that you've been able to demonstrate. 
But in that 350 years, the place has just undergone a lot of changes. 
In fact, everybody in this room probably, especially if you picked up your bag -- some of you, I know, didn't pick up your bags -- but if you picked up your bag, everybody in this room has got in their pocket, or back in their room, something that 350 years ago, kings would have gone to war to have. 
It isn't true. I mean, there's a lot of people -- You know, I was one of those scientists that was -- got into trouble the other night at dinner because of the post-modernism thing. 
 KM: I mean, I didn't really think of that as an argument so much as just a lively discussion. 
At any rate, when I was a boy, I, like, for instance, I had this -- I got this little book from Fort Sill, Oklahoma -- This is about the time that George Dyson's dad was starting to blow nuclear -- thinking about blowing up nuclear rockets and stuff. 
And I knew that frogs -- little frogs -- had aspirations of space travel, just like people. And I --  I was looking for a -- a propulsion system that would like, make a rocket, like, maybe about four feet high go up a couple of miles. 
I wanted it to go out of sight and then I wanted this little parachute to come back with the frog in it. 
 So, I went to the drug store and I tried to buy some potassium perchlorate and it wasn't unreasonable then for a kid to walk into a drug store and buy chemicals. 
Nowadays, it's no ma'am, check your shoes. And like --  But then it wasn't -- they didn't have any, but the guy had -- I said, what kind of salts of potassium do you have? You know. 
 So I started developing -- you know, George's dad had a lot of help. I just had my brother. 
But at any rate, we finally did have a device that would reproduceably put a frog out of sight and get him back alive. 
We should have been, because it made a lot of smoke and it made a lot of noise, and it was powerful, you know. 
I hadn't heard about the 10 ways that we should be afraid of the -- By the way, I could have thought, I'd better not do this because they say not to, you know. 
But that... process is what I think of as science, see, where you start with some idea, and then instead of, like, looking up, every authority that you've ever heard of I -- sometimes you do that, if you're going to write a paper later, you want to figure out who else has worked on it. 
Nobody wants a chemist to come in and poke around in their stuff like that and change things. 
I mean, you can't make up results, and then do another experiment based on that one. 
And they got involved in it, and the scientific and industrial establishment was born, and out of that came a lot of scientists who were in there for the money, you know, because it was suddenly available. 
They were the same people that later went in to medical school, you know, because there was money in it, you know. I mean, later, then they all got into business -- I mean, there are waves of -- going into your high school, person saying, you want to be rich, you know, be a scientist. You know, not anymore. 
But a lot of people got in it for the money and the power and the travel. 
It's like, the average temperature has gone up a tiny little bit, because the nighttime temperatures at the weather stations have come up just a little bit. 
It should have been. But not a lot. Not like, you know -- the first guy -- the first guy that got the idea that we're going to fry ourselves here, actually, he didn't think of it that way. 
His name was Sven Arrhenius. He was Swedish, and he said, if you double the CO2 level in the atmosphere, which he thought might -- this is in 1900 -- the temperature ought to go up about 5.5 degrees, he calculated. 
And so he came up with this theory, and he said, this will be cool, because it'll be a longer growing season in Sweden, you know, and the surfers liked it, the surfers thought, that's a cool idea, because it's pretty cold in the ocean sometimes, and -- but a lot of other people later on started thinking it would be bad, you know. 
I mean, the temperature as measured -- and you can find this on our wonderful Internet, you just go and look for all NASAs records, and all the Weather Bureau's records, and you'll look at it yourself, and you'll see, the temperature has just -- the nighttime temperature measured on the surface of the planet has gone up a tiny little bit. 
But in fact, it was just coming up -- it was the nighttime; the daytime temperatures didn't go up. 
So -- and Arrhenius' theory -- and all the global warmers think -- they would say, yeah, it should go up in the daytime, too, if it's the greenhouse effect. 
But if we did, in 2025 or something, have double the CO2 as we had in 1900, they say it would be increase the energy budget by about -- in other words, one watt per square centimeter more would be coming in than going out. 
It's not by a small one. They just -- they just misinterpreted the fact that the earth -- there's obviously some mechanisms going on that nobody knew about, because the heat's coming in and it isn't getting warmer. 
And there's a lot of things like global warming, and ozone hole and you know, a whole bunch of scientific public issues, that if you're interested in them, then you have to get down the details, and read the papers called, "Large Decadal Variability in the..." 
And if you just listen to the guys who are hyping those issues, and making a lot of money out of it, you'll be misinformed, and you'll be worrying about the wrong things. 
I'm kind of tired of talking about simplicity, actually, so I thought I'd make my life more complex, as a serious play. 
So, I'm going to, like, go through some slides from way back when, and walk through them to give you a sense of how I end up here. 
And -- anyone remember this workbook, "Instant Activities for Your Apple" -- free poster in each book? 
You'd buy that thing, you'd bring it home, you'd plug it in, and it would do absolutely nothing at all. 
But, anyway, that's where I grew up, in this little tofu factory in Seattle, and it was kind of like this: a small room where I kind of grew up. I'm big there in that picture. 
Like back here, there's like, concrete block technology here, and he would need the concrete blocks to press the tofu, because tofu is actually kind of a liquidy type of thing, and so you have to have heavy stuff to push out the liquid and make it hard. 
So, instead, you know, my father's, like, arm's broken for two weeks in the store, and that week -- now, those two weeks were when my older brother and I had to do everything. 
Because, you see, we'd seen my father taking the big block of tofu and cutting it, like, knife in, zap, zap, zap. We thought, wow. 
So, I went off with this, and began to look for things even more. 
This guy figured out how to get the computer to draw with two pens at once: you know, you, pen, do this, and you, pen, do this. 
In the end, he drew a house. It was the most boring thing. 
It's put inside the computer. 
He'd come in and say, you know, If I am here, everything is okay. 
How do you take that time you have left and go after it? 
So, if you can see here, you know, that program you're seeing in the corner, if you spread it out, it's all these things all at once. 
I began to be fascinated by plastic, so I spent four months making eight plastic blocks perfectly optically transparent, as a kind of release of stress. 
Really interesting questions. I think a lot of it has to do with body size. 
Yes, they do have larger body size, but many of them are smaller, but we're interested in the time it took them to achieve that. 
Fifty million years to achieve this maximum body size. 
And that is 10 times longer than it took the mammals to achieve maximum body size and invade all those habitats. 
So we were the first to actually name a bird from the famous series that later exploded onto the pages of Science and Nature. 
I'd like to call for this little video clip to give you some idea of, sort of, what we face. Normally, we get asked a lot of questions: "Well, how do you find fossils in areas that look like this?" 
If we could roll that first video clip. 
You've got to dig a hole that's usually quite a bit bigger than that to get it out; you've got to climb those cliffs and find, really, everything that existed -- not just the dinosaurs, but the entire story. If you're lucky, and you dig a place like that, you actually find the ash bed to dig it, and we did. 
If you want to add to this picture and try and sketch it globally, you really have to force yourself to go down to the four corners of the Earth -- Africa, India, Antarctica, Australia -- and start putting together some of these pieces. 
So enormous excavations and a lot of work, and out of essentially a partial herd of dinosaurs that you saw buried there -- 20 tons of material -- we erect Jobaria, a sauropod dinosaur like we haven't seen on some other continents. 
And, you know, on and on -- a whole menagerie. When you pick up something like this -- and some of you have had the chance to touch it -- this is a piece of history. You're touching something that's 110 million years old. 
When you pick up a piece of history like that, I think it can transform kids that are possibly interested in science. 
This was the cover of Science, because they thought that humans were more intelligent than these animals, but we can see by some in our administration that despite the enormous advantage in brain volume some of the attitudes remain the same. Anyway, smaller raptors. 
All the stuff from Jurassic Park that you know of -- all those small animals -- they all come from northern continents. 
It has no big claw on its hind foot. It doesn't look like a Velociraptor. 
Now, we normally think of Tibet as a highland. 
And you take those four instances and you realize you have a complex problem. 
Today I'm going to spend the rest of my few minutes up here talking about the other stuff that I do in Chicago, which is related to the fact that I never -- and actually, in talking to a lot of TEDsters, there's a number of you out there -- I don't know that I'd get an answer honestly, if I asked you to raise your hand, but there are a number of you out there that started your 
I mean, is there anything that is not visualizing what can't be seen, in terms of discovering this dinosaur bone from a small piece of it that's out there, or seeing the distortion that we try to see as evolutionary distortion in one animal to another? 
We've known that for a long time. We've gone through the Sputnik phase, and now, as you see the increase in the pace of what we're doing, it becomes even more prominent. Where are all these people going to come from? 
Because when you go out there as a scholar, and you try to find out longitudinal studies, track records like that, there essentially are very few, if none. 
We have lots of ideas, but I guarantee you this one thing -- and I've talked to some people here at TED -- it's not going to look like anything you've seen before. 
So that's an asset because if you've got to deal with the crash protection issues of the automobile, forget it -- you're never going to fly it. 
 One could say that a helicopter does pretty much what the hummingbird does, and gets around in much the same way, and it's true, but a helicopter is a very complex device. 
 Another difference, and I have to describe this, because it's very personal, another great difference between the helicopter and the volantor -- in my case the Skycar volantor -- is the experience that I've had in flying both of those. 
Very few people realize that 50 mile-plus trips make up 85 percent of the miles traveled in America. 
I'd prefer to quote someone else, who testified with me before Congress, and in his position as head of NASA put forward this particular vision of the future of this type of aircraft. 
And so, in effect, you could see perhaps a tenfold increase in the ability to get around as far as speed is concerned. 
This is the world -- there won't be you as a pilot. And I know the pilots in the audience aren't going to like that -- and I've had a lot of bad feedback from people who want to be up there, flying around and experiencing that. 
I was a professor at the U.C. Davis System, and I got a lot of excitement around this, and I was able to fund the initiation of the program back in that time. 
And we had very small power plants in it at this time. 
 That's a macabre comment because we lost a lot of pilots. 
A vertical-takeoff aircraft, like the hummingbird, has a very high metabolism, which means it requires a lot of energy. 
Getting that energy is very, very difficult. It all comes down to that power plant -- how to get a large amount of power in a small package. 
A very unique engine -- it's round, it's small, it's vibration-free. 
You could think of it personally in your own terms, of how you might use it. 
If you can live 75 miles from San Francisco and get there in 15 minutes, you're going to sell your 700,000-dollar apartment, buy an upscale home on the side of a mountain, buy a Skycar, which I think would be priced at that time perhaps in the area of 100,000 dollars, put money in the bank ... 
Obviously I'm dependent on a lot of other people believing in what I'm doing -- both financially and in technical help. 
And that has -- you run into situations where you have this great acceptance of what you're doing, and a lot of rejection of the same kind of thing. 
And the reason that that was the model of beauty and of nature was because the decimal point had not been invented yet -- it wasn't the 16th century -- and everybody had to dimension a building in terms of fractions, so a room would be dimensioned as one-fourth of a facade; the structural dais of that might be dimensioned as 10 units, and you would get down to the small elements 
So, what's going on today is that there's a model of natural form which is calculus-based and which is using digital tools, and that has a lot of implications to the way we think about beauty and form, and it has a lot of implications in the way we think about nature. 
The end of the 19th century, beginning of the 20th century, and how that Hanging Chain model translates into archways and vaulting. 
In all these examples, there's one ideal form, because these are thought in terms of structure. 
And as an architect, I've always found these kinds of systems very limiting, because I'm not interested in ideal forms and I'm not interested in optimizing to some perfect moment. 
So, instead of trying to find the ideal type or the ideal average, he'd always look for the exception. So, in this example, which is an example of what's called Bateson's Rule, he has two kinds of mutations of a human thumb. 
So, this whole idea of natural form shifted at that moment from looking for ideal shapes to looking for a combination of information and generic form. 
To just talk for a minute about the digital mediums that we're using now and how they integrate calculus: the fact that they're calculus-based means that we don't have to think about dimension in terms of ideal units or discreet elements. 
So, in architecture we deal with big assemblies of components, so there might be up to, say, 50,000 pieces of material in this room you're sitting in right now that all need to get organized. 
You know, I haven't verified this, but it's the norm that every chair would be a slightly different dimension, because you'd want to space them all out for everybody's sight lines. 
The elements that make up the ceiling grid and the lighting, they're all losing their modular quality, and moving more and more to these infinitesimal dimensions. 
It's too early in the morning for a lecture on calculus, so I brought some images to just describe how that works. 
I think that's one of the main changes, also, in architecture: that we're starting to look now not for some ideal form, like a Latin cross for a church, but actually all the traits of a church: so, light that comes from behind from an invisible source, directionality that focuses you towards an altar. 
You just need to incorporate a certain number of traits So, these are the different perspectives of that interior, which has a very complex set of orientations all in a simple form. 
In terms of construction and manufacturing, this is a kilometer-long housing block that was built in the '70s in Amsterdam. 
And here we've broken the 500 apartments up into small neighborhoods, and differentiated those neighborhoods. 
So, the 300 series, or whatever their newest car is, the 100 series that's coming out, has to look like the 700 series, at the other end of their product line, so they need a distinct, coherent identity, which is BMW. 
Like, we have to design things which are coherent as a single object, but also break down into small rooms and have an identity of both the big scale and the small scale. 
I got interested in them because they're the most extreme example of a surface where the texture and the -- let's call it the decoration -- I know the frog doesn't think of it as decoration, but that's how it works -- are all intricately connected to one another. 
But again, you can see this, kind of, of multiple building elements to make a thing which is whole, but breaks down into smaller parts, but in an incredibly organic way. 
So, for these interiors, like this shop in Stockholm, Sweden, or this installation wall in the Netherlands at the Netherlands Architecture Institute, we could use the texture that the tool would leave to produce a lot of the spatial effects, and we could integrate the texture of the wall with the form of the wall with the material. 
So, in vacuum-formed plastic, in fiberglass, and then even at the level of structural steel, which you think of as being linear and modular. 
That's a bit lofty; I'm really more of something like a street walker. 
I spend a lot of time in urban areas looking for design, and studying design in the public sector. 
I take about 5,000 photographs a year, and I thought that I would edit from these, and try to come up with some images that might be appropriate and interesting to you. 
A couple of years into the process, I spent a lot of time in Europe traveling around, looking for design. 
And I had a bit of a wake-up call in Amsterdam: I was there going into the design stores, and mixing with our crowd of designers, and I recognized that a whole lot of stuff pretty much looked the same, and the effect of globalization has had that in our community also. 
I then kind of thought about the other cities in Europe where I spend a lot of time looking for design, like Basel, where Vitra is located, or in northern Italy -- all cities where there are a whole lot of bicycles, and where pedestrian areas -- and I came to the conclusion that perhaps there was something about these important design centers that dealt with bicycles and foot traffic, and I'm sure the skeptic eye would say, no, the correlation there 
is that there are universities and schools where people can't afford cars, but it did seem that in many of these areas pedestrian traffic was protected. 
And the tourist brochures pointed me in the direction of this bridge -- I love bridges, metaphorically and symbolically and structurally -- and it was a bit of a disappointment, because of the sludge from the river was encrusted on it; it really wasn't in use. 
And I recognized that oftentimes design, when you're set up to see design, it can be a bit of a letdown. 
But there were lots of other things going on in this area: it was a kind of construction zone; a lot of buildings were going up. 
It's a comment on the way in which we deal with public seating in the city of New York. 
It's quite free of commercial clutter: you don't see our logos and brands and names, and therefore you're alert to things physically. 
And I realized that, you know, Italy is a place where they can accept these different ideologies and deal with diversity and not have the problem, or they can choose to ignore them, but these -- you don't have warring factions, and I think that maybe the tolerance of the absurdity which has made Italy so innovative and so tolerant. 
I was in a small restaurant in Spain, having lunch -- one of those nice days where you had the place kind of to yourself, and you have a glass of wine, and enjoying the local area and the culture and the food and the quiet, and feeling very lucky, and a bus load of tourists arrived, emptied out, filled up the restaurant. 
The last shots that I have deal with -- coming back to this theme of sidewalks, and I wanted to say something here about -- I'm, kind of, optimistic, you know. 
Post-Second World War, the influence of the automobile has really been devastating in a lot of our cities. 
A lot of urban areas have been converted into parking lots in a sort of indiscriminate use. 
A lot of the planning departments became subordinated to the transportation department. It's as easy to rag on cars as it is on Wal-Mart; I'm not going to do that. 
enlightened urban planning and renewal, and I want to single out a place like Chicago, where I look at some guy like Mayor Daley as a bit of a design hero for being able to work through the political processes and all that to improve an area. 
You would expect a city like this to have on Michigan Avenue where wealthy people shop, but if you actually go along the street you find the flower boxes change from street to street: there's actual diversity in the plants. 
There are a lot of free concerts, for example, that go on in this area; it has a phenomenal acoustic system. 
One time in Nova Scotia, when we went to see a total eclipse of the sun -- yeah, same one as in the Carly Simon song, which may or may not refer to James Taylor, Warren Beatty or Mick Jagger; we're not really sure. 
He wanted us instead to use these cheap cardboard viewers so that there was no chance at all that our eyes would be damaged. 
Dad wasn't a real militaristic kind of guy; he just really felt bad that he wasn't able to fight in World War II on account of his handicap, although they did let him get through the several-hour-long army physical exam before they got to the very last test, which was for vision. 
As a kid, I watched a lot of television and had lots of nerdy hobbies like mineralogy and microbiology and the space program and a little bit of politics. 
I played a lot of chess. 
 The funny thing is, Dad had a lot of faith in me. 
And I think a lot of people in his day probably thought he was a bit of a kook. 
Now, we've seen a lot of examples of people who are pursuing that sort of vision in science, but I think it's also true in the arts, it's true in politics, it's even true in personal endeavors. 
Comics is a kind of call and response in which the artist gives you something to see within the panels, and then gives you something to imagine between the panels. 
So I wrote a book about this in '93, but as I was finishing the book, I had to do a little bit of typesetting, and I was tired of going to my local copy shop to do it, so I bought a computer. 
So I had all these notions. This was back in the late '90s, and other people in my business thought I was pretty crazy, but a lot of people then went on and actually did it. 
Now, we're taking this basic idea of presenting comics in a visual medium, and then we're carrying it through all the way from beginning to end. 
Here's another one I'll show you. This is by Drew Weing; this is called, "Pup Contemplates the Heat Death of the Universe." 
This is a wheat bread, a whole wheat bread, and it's made with a new technique that I've been playing around with, and developing and writing about which, for lack of a better name, we call the epoxy method. 
Well, in this technique, what I've tried to do is kind of gather all of the knowledge that the bread-baking world, the artisan bread-baking community, has been trying to accumulate over the last 20 years or so -- since we've been engaged in a bread renaissance in America -- and put it together to come up with a method that would help to take whole-grain breads. 
It's mainly starch, and starch, when you break it down -- what is starch? It's -- thank you -- sugar, yes. 
So whole grain breads historically have had sort of this onus of being health food breads, and people don't like to eat, quote, health food. They like to eat healthy and healthily, but when we think of something as a health food, we think of it as something we eat out of obligation, not out of passion and love for the flavor. 
We're going to try this at lunch, and I'll explain a bit more about it, but it's made not only with two types of pre-doughs -- this attempt, again, at bringing out flavor is to make a piece of dough the day before that is not leavened. 
It starts to release the sugars trapped in the starch. 
And so, if we can release some of those, they become accessible to us in our palate. 
I'm going to go through them very quickly and then revisit them. 
And somehow, this is transformed -- the yeast burps and sweats are later transformed -- and this is really getting to the heart of what makes bread so special is that it is a transformational food, and we're going to explore that in a minute. 
We, after it's fermented and it's developed, started to develop flavor and character, we divide it into smaller units. 
It's hard to get to those levels unless you go through the literal. 
And then we divide it, and this one big piece of dough is divided into smaller units, and each of those units are given shape by the baker. 
But dough is what we're working with, and we take that dough to the oven, and it goes into the oven. As soon as the interior temperature of that dough crosses the threshold of 140 degrees, it passes what we call the "thermal death point." 
But it's the thermal death point -- all life ceases there. 
My first book was called "Mass Customization" -- it came up a couple of times yesterday -- and how I discovered this progression of economic value was realizing that customizing a good automatically turned it into a service, because it was done just for a particular person, because it wasn't inventoried, it was delivered on demand to that individual person. 
Now, over the last several years I spent a lot of time in Europe, and particularly in the Netherlands, and whenever I talk about the experience economy there, I'm always greeted at the end with one particular question, almost invariably. 
So much has that happened that I've developed a fairly praticed response, which is: I point out that first of all, you have to understand that there is no such thing as an inauthentic experience. 
And authenticity is therefore becoming the new consumer sensibility -- the buying criteria by which consumers are choosing who are they going to buy from, and what they're going to buy. 
And what you have done in the past limits what you can do, what you can get away with, essentially, in the future. 
Right, if you could check into the ads, you'd have a great experience. 
Here is a letter of friendly advice. 
And as you get older and more decrepit, you sort of inch along on this sort of depressing, long staircase, leading you into oblivion. 
And there weren't a lot of books about the history of design in the early 70s. There weren't -- there wasn't a plethora of design publishing. 
And what was different about it was the totality of it, was that I really became the voice, the visual voice, of a place in a way I had never done before, where every aspect -- the smallest ad, the ticket, whatever it was -- was designed by me. 
And that is a kiss of death for something serious because it makes it solemn. 
John Hockenberry told you a bit about my travail with Citibank, that is now a 10-year relationship, and I still work with them. 
And then I spent a year going to long, tedious, boring meetings, trying to sell this logo through to a huge corporation to the point of tears. 
And that's a terrifying factor -- when you start something and it turns that way -- because it means that all that's left for you is to go back and to find out what the next thing is that you can push, that you can invent, that you can be ignorant about, that you can be arrogant about, that you can fail with, and that you can be a fool with. 
Because in the end, that's how you grow, and that's all that matters. 
The only thing that's different is the expression that the individual door-owner here put into the piece -- and, again, which is the psycho-killer here? 
I'm sure a lot of you are aware that graphic design has gotten a lot simpler in the last five years or so. 
But I was in Milan and saw this street sign, and was very happy to see that apparently this idea of minimalism has even been translated by the graffiti artist. 
I took some photos, and this is a billboard in Florida, and either they hadn't paid their rent, or they didn't want to pay their rent again on the sign, and the billboard people were too cheap to tear the whole sign down, so they just teared out sections of it. 
And hopefully you don't stop and buy those awful pecan things -- Stuckey's. 
And it's -- a lot of them are never -- have never been published before, and basically, I've interpreted the different quotes. 
"When new technologies impose themselves on societies long habituated to older technologies, anxieties of all kinds result." 
And also, surprisingly, it was done in kind of a cheap metal, and it had completely rusted through, and water everywhere, and spiders. 
And my guess is that a lot of the surf kids did go to the site to get this entire picture. 
This is a group in New York called the Coalition for a Smoke-free Environment -- asked me to do these posters. 
I do a lot of workshops all over the world, really, and this particular assignment was to come up with new symbols for the restroom doors. 
In Germany, they made one small change without checking with me -- nor did they have to, because it was done through agencies -- but see if you can tell the difference. 
There's a lot of great writing in "Ray Gun." 
 Having done a lot of magazines, I'm very curious how big magazines handle big stories, and I was very curious to see how Time and Newsweek would handle 9/11. 
There were a lot of orphans made this day, and here's a dead body being brought out. 
 There's very few times you'd be happy to find this on your car, but it did seem to indicate that we were coming back. 
It's friendly -- she's underlined friendly -- that's probably why she calls it Hercules or Hercles. She can't spell. 
And I'm thinking, yeah, right, I'll go look for a lost pit bill for 20 bucks. 
I have visions of people going down alleyways yelling out for Hercles, and you get charged by this thing and you go, oh, please be Hercles; please be the friendly one. 
And I remembered seeing this photograph of my father, who was a test pilot, and he told me that when you signed up to become a test pilot, they told you that there was a 40 to 50 percent chance of death on the job. 
We've seen the creation of small computers in the '70s and early '80s, and who would have thought back then that every single person would not have just one computer but probably 20, in your home, and in not just your P.C. but in every device -- in your washing machine, your cell phone. 
We've also along the way discovered that this is a very old molecule, that all of the DNA in your body has been around forever, since the beginning of us, of us as creatures. 
And with these four letters, you can create a language: a language that can describe anything, and very complicated things. 
And look at all the complex things and wonderful things we've been able to create with just a one and a zero. 
Well, now you ramp that up to four, and you have a lot of complexity, a lot of ways to describe mechanisms. 
If you convert that to binary, just to give you a little bit of sizing, we're actually smaller than the program Microsoft Office. 
Now, look around: just look next to your neighbor, look forward, look backward. We all look pretty different. 
A lot of very handsome and pretty people here, skinny, chubby, different races, cultures. We are all 99.9% genetically equal. 
And what that means is, you are going to walk around with your own personal genome on a smart card. It will be here. 
And when you buy medicine, you won't be buying a drug that's used for everybody. 
They're going to make all that stuff go away. 
What does a genome look like? 
You can find out where your relatives come from; you can do your genealogy going back thousands of years. 
If you have a UTI, you've probably -- or ever had a UTI -- you've come in contact with this little bug. 
They've also discovered that there's a heck of a lot of activity going on producing aroma as well. 
So, we could, you know, focus on disease resistance; we can go for higher yields without necessarily having dramatic farming techniques to do it, or costs. 
I just ask the question, if you could cure all disease -- if you could make disease go away, because we understand how it actually works, if we could end hunger by being able to create nutritious, healthy plants if we could create clean and plentiful energy -- we, right in the labs at Synthetic Genomics, have single-celled organisms that are taking carbon dioxide and producing a molecule very similar to gasoline. 
In difficult times, pessimism is a self-fulfilling, self-inflicted death sentence." 
We can see world-changing values in the emergence of tools to make the invisible visible -- that is, to make apparent the conditions of the world around us that would otherwise be largely imperceptible. 
For example, open-access journals, like the Public Library of Science, make cutting-edge scientific research free to all -- everyone in the world. 
 For many of us, cell phones have really become almost an extension of ourselves, and we're really now beginning to see the social changes that mobile phones can bring about. 
And in this rapidly evolving context, it's possible to imagine a world in which the mobile phone becomes something far more than a medium for social interaction. 
And I'm just incredibly happy to see the news that Witness is going to be opening up a Web portal to enable users of digital cameras and camera phones to send in their recordings over the Internet, rather than just hand-carrying the videotape. 
Now, imagine a similar model for networking environmentalists. 
And for a lot of us, they're as close as we have yet to always-on, widely available information tools. 
You could even imagine a version of this scenario in which people actually build their own phones. 
Over the course of last year, open-source hardware hackers have come up with multiple models for usable, Linux-based mobile phones, and the Earth Phone could spin off from this kind of project. 
Now, you don't see these devices as add-ons for phones yet, but students and engineers around the world have attached atmospheric sensors to bicycles and handheld computers and cheap robots and the backs of pigeons -- that being a project that's actually underway right now at U.C. Irvine, using bird-mounted sensors as a way of measuring smog-forming pollution. 
It's hardly a stretch to imagine putting the same thing on a phone carried by a person. 
Even the Lawrence Livermore National Labs have gotten into the act, designing a prototype phone that has radiation sensors to find dirty bombs. 
Now, there's an enormous variety of tiny, inexpensive sensors on the market, and you can easily imagine someone putting together a phone that could measure temperature, CO2 or methane levels, the presence of some biotoxins -- potentially, in a few years, maybe even H5N1 avian flu virus. 
Developers around the world have come up with an amazing variety of ways to layer useful data on top of the maps, from bus routes and crime statistics to the global progress of avian flu. 
It would be a collaborative, bottom-up approach to environmental awareness and protection, able to respond to emerging concerns in a smart mobs kind of way -- and if you need greater sensor density, just have more people show up. 
Because this is what tomorrow could look like: bottom-up, technology-enabled global collaboration to handle the biggest crisis our civilization has ever faced. 
Well, Don Brownlee, my friend, and I finally got to the point where we got tired of turning on the TV and seeing the spaceships and seeing the aliens every night, and tried to write a counter-argument to it, and put out what does it really take for an Earth to be habitable, for a planet to be an Earth, to have a place where you could probably get not just life, but complexity, 
You cannot take people's aliens away from them and expect to be anybody's friends. 
And if they're 50 light years away, and we call them up, and you blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, and then 50 years later it comes back and they say, Please repeat? 
Now, a lot of you are going to die of old age, but some of you, horribly enough, are going to die in an accident. 
Earth, if we're lucky enough -- if it doesn't get hit by a Hale-Bopp, or gets blasted by some supernova nearby in the next seven billion years -- we'll find under your feet. 
In that complex record of fossils, there were times when lots of stuff seemed to be dying out very quickly, and the father/mother geologists called these "mass extinctions." 
The effects of it spread this very thin impact layer all over the planet, and we had very quickly the death of the dinosaurs, the death of these beautiful ammonites, Leconteiceras here, and Celaeceras over here, and so much else. 
Prior to that, uniformitarianism was the dominant paradigm: the fact that if anything happens on the planet in the past, there are present-day processes that will explain it. 
I was so lucky to watch the change of that South Africa into the new South Africa as I went year by year. 
And the what, I think, is that we returned, over and over again, to the Pre-Cambrian world, that first microbial age, and the microbes are still out there. 
As small as 200 parts per million will kill you. 
This is a view of the Earth now, if we extract a lot of it. 
They stop complex life from existing. 
But there's a far worse danger confronting us. 
So, when we think of hope now, we have to think of looking in other directions than we have been looking. 
What I mean is this ability that each of us has to be something greater than herself or himself; to arise out of our ordinary selves and achieve something that at the beginning we thought perhaps we were not capable of. 
And here's what he says, roughly translated: A man -- generic man -- a man, to be greatly good, must imagine clearly. 
There's a great deal of argument about whether we, as the great nation that we are, should be the policeman of the world, the world's constabulary, but there should be virtually no argument about whether we should be the world's healer. 
But beyond our compassion, and far greater than compassion, is our moral imagination and our identification with each individual who lives in that world, not to think of them as a huge forest, but as individual trees. 
And we have had examples over and over and over again -- you've just heard one in the last 15 minutes -- of people who have not only had that commitment, but had the charisma, the brilliance -- and I think in this room it's easy to use the word brilliant, my God -- the brilliance to succeed at least at the beginning of their quest, and who no doubt will continue to succeed, 
And it was the hardest invention I ever made, but it got me started, and I got really lucky after that. 
If the light bulb was the way the speaker is, and you couldn't focus or sharpen the edges or define it, we wouldn't have that, or movies in general, or computers, or T.V. sets, or C.D.s, or DVDs -- and just go down the list of what the importance is of being able to focus light. 
That guy there was made for a demo I did yesterday early in the day for a big car maker in Detroit who wants to put them in a car -- small version, over your head -- so that you can actually get binaural sound in a car. 
Too many other smart people out there. So. 
I think it's wonderful; I think sometimes people, when they get educated, lose it: they get so smart they're unwilling to look at things that they know better than. 
Now, they've tried this a couple years ago and it failed, because the checker gets tired of hearing the same message every 20 minutes, and reaches out, turns off the sound. 
I have been really lucky with this technology: all of a sudden as it is ready, the world is ready to accept it. 
If you're interested in what it costs -- I'm not selling them today -- but this unit, with the electronics and everything, if you buy one, is around a thousand bucks. 
We expect by this time next year, it'll be hundreds, a few hundred bucks, to buy it. 
And so, another way of hopefully determining who's friendly and who isn't. 
So, I've been really lucky as an inventor. 
And, I mean, I went up there expecting -- I don't know what I was expecting -- but, you know, when I saw a man who was missing an entire leg go up to the high jump, hop on one leg to the high jump and clear it at six feet, two inches ... 
And so I decided to give this a shot: heart pounding, I ran my first race and I beat the national record-holder by three hundredths of a second, and became the new national record-holder on my first try out. 
So he started giving me four days a week of his lunch break, his free time, and I would come up to the track and train with him. 
These legs that I was on, which I'll take out right now -- I was the first person in the world on these legs. 
I wanted to find out times. 
How many people gave of their time and their expertise, and their patience, to deal with me? 
You've got to come up and see them. 
Like, you guys don't understand what that's like to be able to just go into a shoe store and buy whatever you want. 
And I had incessant fun making fun of him in the training room because he'd come in with foot injuries. 
I mean, I love the fact that I can go in anywhere and pick out what I want -- the shoes I want, the skirts I want -- and I'm hoping to try to bring these over here and make them accessible to a lot of people. 
And she came into town and she rushed around and she said, "I have to buy some new shoes!" 
They got someone to come in and saw off the shoes. 
Because I have this problem ... " You know, at first they were just going to write me off, like, "If you don't like your shoes, sorry. It's too late." 
I want to turn everything we know right now about detecting viruses and the spectrum of viruses that are out there into, let's say, a small chip. 
I took a bunch of these small picornaviruses, like the common cold, like polio and so on, and I just broke them down into small segments. 
And so took this first example, which is called coxsackievirus, and just break it into small windows. 
And I'm coloring these small windows blue if another virus shares an identical sequence in its genome to that virus. 
Now, by the time we get out here to, let's say, acute bee paralysis virus -- probably a bad one to have if you're a bee --- this virus shares almost no similarity to coxsackievirus, but I can guarantee you that the sequences that are most conserved among these viruses on the right-hand of the screen are in identical regions right up here. 
OK, I make little robots in lab to make these chips, and I'm really big on disseminating technology. 
If you've got enough money to buy just a Camry, you can build one of these too, and so we put a deep how-to guide on the Web, totally free, with basically order-off-the-shelf parts. 
You can actually be making DNA chips in your garage and decoding some genetic programs pretty rapidly. It's a lot of fun. 
Now, this is kind of a cheap shot, because I know what the genetic sequence of all these rhinoviruses is, and I in fact designed the chip expressly to be able to tell them apart, but what about rhinoviruses that have never seen a genetic sequencer? 
You can imagine building up some library, whether real or virtual, of fingerprints of essentially every virus. 
So how do we deal with this? 
So that's great, but again, cheap shot, right? 
These different blocks represent the different viruses in this paramyxovirus family, so you can kind of go down the blocks and see where the signal is. 
 But by the time you get to block nine, you see that respiratory syncytial virus. 
The genetic relationships are very close there. That's a lot of fun. 
And the idea is that we simply have virtual patterns, because we're never going to get samples of every virus -- it would be virtually impossible. But we can get virtual patterns, and compare them to our observed result -- which is a very complex mixture -- and come up with some sort of score of how likely it is this is a rhinovirus or something. 
It's not clear why they thought she had the flu, but they switched to Tamiflu. 
All you can tell is, there's a lot of swelling: bronchiolitis. 
They have their own tests, of course, and so they tested her for over 70 different assays, for every sort of bacteria and fungus and viral assay you can buy off the shelf: SARS, metapneumovirus, HIV, RSV -- all these. 
And I'm showing you the signal from the chip here, and I'm showing you for the block of retroviral oligos. 
Well, I'm really excited to talk a bit about my own upbringing in music and family and all of that, but I'm even more excited for you people to hear about Donnell's amazing family and maybe even a little bit about how we met, and all that sort of thing, but for those of you that may not be familiar with my upbringing, I'm from Cape Breton Island, Nova Scotia, eastern Canada, 
The traditional language is Gaelic, but a lot of the music came from the Gaelic language, and the dancing and the singing and everything, and my bloodline is Scottish through and through, but my mother and father are two very, very musical people. 
 We grew up playing a bunch of, we played by ear and I think that's important for us because we were not really exposed to a lot of different styles of music. 
We learned to play the instruments, but we kind of had to come from within or go from within, because we didn't watch television, we didn't listen to a lot of radio. We went to church and to school sometimes, and farmed and played music, so we were able, I think, at a very critical age to develop our own style, our own self, and my mother plays, my father plays, 
Years ago, hundreds of men would go up for the winter to the camps in Northern Ontario and in Quebec, and they were all different cultures, and the Irish, the French, Scottish, German, they'd all meet, and of course at night, they'd play cards and step dance and play fiddles, and over the course of many years, the Ottawa Valley fiddling kind of evolved and the Ottawa Valley step dancing evolved, so that's, I kind of started out 
Twelve years, er, 20 years later little did she think her kids would be getting married, but anyway, so, then I got a phone call about, I dunno, seven years later. I was 19, first or second year of college, and it was Donnell, and he said "Hi, you probably don't know me but my name is Donnell Leahy." 
It was a really big excitement for me to get into Caltech. 
I started an educational software company after I joined Lotus, and then I started Idealab so I could have a roof under which I could build multiple companies in succession Then, much much later -- in 2000, very recently -- the new California energy crisis -- or what was purported to be a big energy crisis -- was coming. 
I'm glad you heard earlier today, batteries are unbelievably energy -- lack of density compared to fuel. 
I studied all the new things that had happened in solar cells, and was trying to look for ways we could innovate and make solar cells more inexpensively. 
There are a lot of new things that are happening to do that, but fundamentally the process requires a tremendous amount of energy. 
Some people even say it takes more energy to make a solar cell than it will give out in its entire life. 
A lot of people are working on things to try and reduce that, but I didn't have anything to contribute in that area. 
So I thought of an idea -- what if we collect the sun with a large reflector -- like I had been thinking about way back when, when I was in high school -- but maybe with modern technology we could make a cheaper, large collector, concentrate it to a small converter, and then the conversion device wouldn't have to be as expensive, because it's much smaller, rather than solar cells, 
This seemed practical now, because a lot of new technologies had come in the 25 years since I had last looked at it. 
We tried to come up with a way to use genetic algorithms to create a new type of concentrator. 
Traditionally, concentrators look like this. 
So, even this, although it was great with no moving parts -- we could achieve high temperatures -- wasn't enough. 
You can buy a two megahertz microprocessor for a dollar now. 
And you can buy stepper motors that pretty much never wear out because they have no brushes, for a dollar. 
You could now get a lot more power in a lot smaller space, and that allowed the engine to be used for mobile applications. 
So, once you have mobility, now you're making a lot of engines because you've got lots of units, as opposed to steam ships or big factories where you're not making as many units, so this was the engine that ended up benefiting from mass production where all the other engines didn't benefit. 
And not nearly as many small steam engines being built anymore, only large ones for big operations. 
So we really set out on a path to try and make the lowest cost possible. 
It's just a small cylinder down here which holds the generator inside and all the linkage and it's the hot cap -- the hot cylinder on the top -- this part gets hot, this part is cool, and electricity comes out. 
And what they do is step, very coarsely at first, and then very finely afterward. 
We also think there's very big potential for energy farms, especially in remote land where there happens to be a lot of sun. 
It turns out there's a lot of powerful sun all around the world, obviously, but in special places where it happens to be relatively inexpensive to place these and also in many more places where there is high wind power. 
Pretty much everywhere that's not green or blue is a really ideal place, but even the green or blue areas are good, just not as good as the places that are red, orange and yellow. 
But the hot sport right around Las Vegas and Death Valley and that area is very, very good. 
And it's cheap because we've been subsidized by energy that's been concentrated by the sun. 
It's been pounded for a billion years with a lot of energy to make it have all that energy contained in it. 
Any tough problem, I think it can be solved. 
So that's a factor of two reduction of the childhood death rate. 
So that brings us to the first problem that I'll raise this morning, which is how do we stop a deadly disease that's spread by mosquitos? 
It's been a severe disease for thousands of years. 
In fact, if we look at the genetic code, it's the only disease we can see that people who lived in Africa actually evolved several things to avoid malarial deaths. 
Deaths actually peaked at a bit over five million in the 1930s. 
And the disease was all over the world. 
And two tools helped bring the death rate down. 
And so that's why the death rate did come down. 
And so this leads to the paradox that because the disease is only in the poorer countries, it doesn't get much investment. 
For example, there's more money put into baldness drugs than are put into malaria. 
So we've come up with a few new things. We've got bed nets. 
Or, if you go in kind of half-heartedly, for a period of time you'll reduce the disease burden, but eventually those tools will become ineffective, and the death rate will soar back up again. 
Because the road map to get rid of this disease involves many things. 
We need mathematicians to come in and simulate this, to do Monte Carlo things to understand how these tools combine and work together. 
It seems like the kind of question that people would spend a lot of time on, and we'd understand very well. 
If you're low-income in the United States, you have a higher chance of going to jail than you do of getting a four-year degree. 
And that doesn't seem entirely fair. 
We've worked on small schools, we've funded scholarships, we've done things in libraries. 
A lot of these things had a good effect. 
A top quartile teacher will increase the performance of their class -- based on test scores -- by over 10 percent in a single year. 
That means that if the entire U.S., for two years, had top quartile teachers, the entire difference between us and Asia would go away. 
We should find out what they're doing and transfer that skill to other people." 
What do they look like? 
The variation is very, very small. 
This chart takes four different factors and says how much do they explain teaching quality. 
When you actually go and sit in one of these classrooms, at first it's very bizarre. 
How does that compare to a normal school? 
So imagine running a factory where you've got these workers, some of them just making crap and the management is told, "Hey, you can only come down here once a year, but you need to let us know, because we might actually fool you, and try and do a good job in that one brief moment." 
They don't have the test scores, and there's a whole thing of trying to block the data. 
But I'm optimistic about this, I think there are some clear things we can do. 
And that allows us to understand who's doing it well, and call them out, and find out what those techniques are. 
Of course, digital video is cheap now. 
I'm going to send everyone here a free copy of this book. 
 Now, we put a lot of money into education, and I really think that education is the most important thing to get right for the country to have as strong a future as it should have. 
I think people are beginning to recognize how important this is, and it really can make a difference for millions of lives, if we get it right. 
So it's going to take brilliant people like you to study these things, get other people involved -- and you're helping to come up with solutions. 
And it was very difficult for me to imagine how to paint pictures that were based on Piero until I realized that I could look at Piero as nature -- that I would have the same attitude towards looking at Piero della Francesca as I would if I were looking out a window at a tree. 
Since all paintings are inherently abstract to begin with there doesn't seem to be an argument there. 
 Now, "Swiss" works, but you know it's going to cost a lot of money. 
I do a lot of work for the School of Visual Arts, where I teach, and the director of this school -- a remarkable man named Silas Rhodes -- often gives you a piece of text and he says, "Do something with this." 
But you can see the beginning of an idea there, because you can see the word "new" emerging from the "old." 
Now, it doesn't look terribly interesting, but it does have something that distinguishes it from a lot of other posters. 
I remember hearing all of you in the graphic arts -- "If you have to explain it, it ain't working." 
Same cheap trick in the upper left-hand corner. 
Instead, what he told us was to put aside childish things. 
They're the things you would expect: mop the floors, sweep them, empty the trash, restock the cabinets. 
And behavior like this from janitors, from technicians, from nurses and, if we're lucky now and then, from doctors, doesn't just make people feel a little better, it actually improves the quality of patient care and enables hospitals to run well. 
And they don't mean it takes lots of experience to learn how to mop floors and empty trash cans. 
His son asked him for some lemonade and Dad went to the concession stand to buy it. 
After two weeks, I'm happy to report, the family was reunited. 
And what happens is that as we turn increasingly to rules, rules and incentives may make things better in the short run, but they create a downward spiral that makes them worse in the long run. 
They seem cleverer. 
Sometimes two reasons to do the same thing seem to compete with one another instead of complimenting, and they make people less likely to do it. 
In Switzerland, back about 15 years ago, they were trying to decide where to site nuclear waste dumps. 
They said, "If we paid you six weeks' salary every year would you be willing to have a nuclear waste dump in your community?" 
When incentives don't work, when CEOs ignore the long-term health of their companies in pursuit of short-term gains that will lead to massive bonuses, the response is always the same. 
The truth is that there are no incentives that you can devise that are ever going to be smart enough. 
And demand that the people who teach you acknowledge them and celebrate them too. 
Why? Because there happy to be doing something that's the right thing to do. 
And he talked about a lot of the wonderful things that KIPP is doing to take inner-city kids and turn them in the direction of college. 
There's a couple of really big problems that are still sitting there. 
And the problem with leverage is it makes the U.S. financial system look like this. 
And your friendly Citibank had 47 times. 
So the next time somebody as cute as this shows up on your doorstep, and sometimes this creature's called Chrysler and sometimes Ford and sometimes ... whatever you want -- you've just got to say no. 
The reason why that's reasonable is, when your grandparents were given Social Security, they got it at 65 and were expected to check out at 68. 
And we've got to end up with a smaller government. 
And unless you want this person to not just become the CFO of Florida, but the United States, we'd better deal with this stuff. 
That's where the ability to engineer microbes, the ability to engineer tissues, and the ability to engineer robots begin to lead to a reboot. 
So think of it as a Radio Shack for biology. 
This got a bit more complicated two years later. 
She regrew her own trachea, and 72 hours later it was implanted. 
And as you bring these trends together, and as you think of what it means to take people who are profoundly deaf, who can now begin to hear -- I mean, remember the evolution of hearing aids, right? 
They'll be able to focus their hearing, they'll be able to increase the sensitivity, decrease the sensitivity, do a series of things that we can't do. 
And as you think of the implications of that, here's a brief history of the universe. 
From the very first rehearsal, I saw the bright future ahead. 
So, the emotional and intellectual profits are huge -- the acquisition of leadership, teaching and training principles, the sense of commitment, responsibility, generosity and dedication to others, and the individual contribution to achieve great collective goals. 
Mother Teresa of Calcutta insisted on something that always impressed me: the most miserable and tragic thing about poverty is not the lack of bread or roof, but the feeling of being no-one -- the feeling of not being anyone, the lack of identification, the lack of public esteem. 
He becomes a child in progress heading for a professional level, who'll later become a full citizen. 
We are very happy to have the possibility to be with you in the other side of the world. 
We are very happy because we have the opportunity to have this angel in the world -- not only in our country, Venezuela, but in our world. 
I actually love diving at night; you see a lot of fish then that you don't see in the daytime. 
I heard astronaut Joe Allen explain how he had to learn everything he could about his life support system and then do everything he could to take care of his life support system; and then he pointed to this and he said, "Life support system." 
If you think the ocean isn't important, imagine Earth without it. 
Consider this: Starting right here at the convention center, we can find the nearby aquarium, we can look at where we're sitting, and then we can cruise up the coast to the big aquarium, the ocean, and California's four national marine sanctuaries, and the new network of state marine reserves that are beginning to protect and restore some of the assets We can flit over to Hawaii and see the real Hawaiian Islands: 
We can pick up and fly to the deepest place: seven miles down, the Mariana Trench, where only two people have ever been. 
An ice-free Arctic Ocean may happen in this century. 
Using Google Earth you can witness trawlers -- in China, the North Sea, the Gulf of Mexico -- shaking the foundation of our life support system, leaving plumes of death in their path. 
The next time you dine on sushi -- or sashimi, or swordfish steak, or shrimp cocktail, whatever wildlife you happen to enjoy from the ocean -- think of the real cost. 
This is the consequence of not knowing that there are limits to what we can take out of the sea. 
Would the discovery of an older cultural civilization out there inspire us to find ways to survive our increasingly uncertain technological adolescence? 
We've discovered over 350 in the last 14 years, including the small planet, announced earlier this week, which has a radius just twice the size of the Earth. 
 And much of this vast universe, much more may be habitable than we once thought, as we study extremophiles on Earth -- organisms that can live in conditions totally inhospitable for us, in the hot, high pressure thermal vents at the bottom of the ocean, frozen in ice, in boiling battery acid, in the cooling waters of nuclear reactors. 
Let me talk about a relatively small number. 
We are residents of one small planet in a corner of the Milky Way galaxy. 
And Homo sapiens are one small leaf on a very extensive Tree of Life, which is densely populated by organisms that have been honed for survival over millions of years. 
We are a small part of the story of cosmic evolution, and we are going to be responsible for our continued participation in that story, and perhaps SETI will help as well. 
So in 1543, Nicholas Copernicus published "The Revolutions of Heavenly Spheres," and by taking the Earth out of the center, and putting the sun in the center of the solar system, he opened our eyes to a much larger universe, of which we are just a small part. 
In Northern California, we're beginning to take observations with the first 42 telescopes of the Allen Telescope Array -- and I've got to take a moment right now to publicly thank Paul Allen and Nathan Myhrvold and all the TeamSETI members in the TED community who have so generously supported this research. 
 The ATA is the first telescope built from a large number of small dishes, and hooked together with computers. 
But this is a simple signal, and tomorrow we want to be able to find more complex signals. 
And it wouldn't simply change everything, it would change everything all at once." 
I think it's a problem of completion and delivery, because the fine print said, "What game-changing ideas and scientific developments would you expect to live to see?" 
We'd like to use the pattern recognition capability of the human eye to find faint, complex signals that our current algorithms miss. 
We've seen what happens when we divide an already small planet into smaller islands. 
So, in the opening days of 2009, a visionary president stood on the steps of the U.S. Capitol and said, "We cannot help but believe that the old hatreds shall someday pass, that the lines of tribe shall soon dissolve, that, as the world grows smaller, our common humanity shall reveal itself." 
but you seem to have more hair. 
Brad Pitt: What if I told you that I wasn't getting older ... 
After many years of starts and stops on this project, and making that tough decision, they finally decided to greenlight the movie. 
 You know, this is some tough stuff. 
You take the big problem and you break it down into smaller pieces and you start to attack that. 
We needed to make Brad look a lot older -- needed to age him 45 years or so. 
You can see the computer characters on the right are having the same complex motion as the dancers. 
We could go up into the millions of polygons. 
 From there, we actually carved up those faces into smaller pieces and components of his face. 
And so we edited the footage that was shot on location with the rest of the cast and the body actors and about six months later we brought Brad onto a sound stage in Los Angeles and he watched on the screen. 
Mental note to the liberators: throwaway plastics take a lot of space and don't biodegrade. 
After ten years, a lot of the Japanese caps are in what we call the Eastern Garbage Patch, while ours litter the Philippines. 
Here's what our trawl samples from the plastic soup our ocean has become look like. 
We did hundreds of necropsies, and over a third had polluted plastic fragments in their stomachs. 
Now, you can buy certified organic produce. 
The first thing I learned -- well, I'm mortal, that's a really big one. 
Now, when you think of a coral reef, this is what most people think of: all these big, hard, elaborate corals and lots of bright, colorful fishes and things. 
I want to find out what's in this zone. 
It took me a year to learn how to walk again after I had my diving accident in Palau and during that year I spent a lot of time learning about the physics and physiology of diving and figuring out how to overcome these limitations. 
If you were to go down to a depth of about 130 feet, which is the recommended limit for most scuba divers, you get this pressure effect. 
Now, if you were to go down to, say, 300 feet, you don't have five times as many gas molecules in your lungs -- you've got 10 times as many gas molecules in your lungs. 
Now helium's a gas, there're a lot of reasons why helium's good, it's a tiny molecule, it's inert, it doesn't give you narcosis. 
And it was fine and dandy, and it allowed us to go down and find new species. 
So there's a mouthpiece that you put in your mouth, and there's also a counterlung, or in this case, two counterlungs. 
In our applications, we generally put air inside this diluent gas supply, because it's a very cheap and easy source of nitrogen. 
And the way you manage all these different gases and all these different gas supplies is this really high-tech, sophisticated gas block up on the front here, where it's easy to reach. 
It's extremely clear water, because there's hardly any plankton. 
But what I want you to do right now is imagine yourself 400 feet underwater, with all this high-tech gear on your back, you're in a remote reef off Papua, New Guinea, thousands of miles from the nearest recompression chamber, and you're completely surrounded by sharks. 
There's a lot of other ways you can die. 
If you go to Papua, New Guinea, and go down 300 feet, you're going to see these big mounds. 
Now, if you go to an Amazon jungle and fog a tree, you may get a lot of bugs, but for fishes, there's nowhere in the world you can get seven new species per hour of time. 
At the beginning I told you that I was going to show you two extraordinary photographs. 
And the second goal, for those of us who have mastered that first goal, is to -- you know, you call it spiritual fulfillment, you can call it financial success, you can call it any number of different things. 
If you live your whole life in fear -- I mean, life is a sexually transmitted disease with 100 percent mortality. 
I was very fond of this space because it's the first massive industrial complex I found on my own that is abandoned. 
When I was going out a lot to these places, I was feeling a lot of anxiety and isolation because I was in a solitary phase in my life, and I decided to title my series "Naked City Spleen," which references Charles Baudelaire. 
As you can see, the system is very complex and vast. 
Nearby there's a French bunker, and the whole tunnel system is so complex that the two parties never met. 
And I saw a lot of graffiti from the 1800s, like this one. 
And when the tides of waste matter come in it sounds as if a whole storm is approaching you. 
So, what is the deal here? 
So David and I decided to go find out, through the best research we could muster, what it would take to get a little girl to put her hands on a computer, to achieve the level of comfort and ease with the technology that little boys have because they play video games. 
Girl 1: We have -- in the very beginning of the whole game, always we do this: we each have a piece of paper; we write down our name, our age -- are we rich, very rich, not rich, poor, medium, wealthy, boyfriends, dogs, pets -- what else -- sisters, brothers, and all those. 
Girl 7: I run track, I played soccer, I play basketball, and I love a lot of things to do. 
Girl 8: Well, sometimes there is a lot of stuff going on because I have music lessons and I'm on swim team -- all this different stuff that I have to do, and sometimes it gets overwhelming. 
Girl 11: Because my older sister, she gets everything and, like, when I ask my mom for something, she'll say, "No" -- all the time. 
BL: I'm going to fast-forward to the decision point because I know I don't have a lot of time. 
But we're really, really happy about who they are. 
I want to close by showing you a videotape that's a version of a future game in the Rockett series that our graphic artists and design people put together, that we feel would please that four percent of reviewers. 
There was a very sick orangutan baby, my first encounter. 
I'm not going to talk too long about it, but there are so many of the family of Uce, which are not so fortunate to live out there in the forest, that still have to go through that process. 
So I decided that I had to come up with a solution for her but also a solution that will benefit the people that are trying to exploit those forests, to get their hands on the last timber and that are causing, in that way, the loss of habitat and all those victims. 
So I created the place Samboja Lestari, and the idea was, if I can do this on the worst possible place that I can think of where there is really nothing left, no one will have an excuse to say, "Yeah, but ..." 
There's nothing left -- just a bit of grass there. 
Still, four years later we have created jobs for about 3,000 people. 
So if we would plant that in the beginning we would have a very high risk of losing everything again. 
So we plant the trees, we plant these pineapples and beans and ginger in between, to reduce the competition for the trees, the crop fertilizer. Organic material is useful for the agricultural crops, for the people, but also helps the trees. The farmers have free land, the system yields early income, the orangutans get healthy food and we can speed up ecosystem regeneration while even saving some money. 
These sugar palms turn out to be fire-resistant -- also flood-resistant, by the way -- and they provide a lot of income for local people. 
And if you zoom in a bit you can see that all of this area is divided into strips that go over different types of soil, and we were actually monitoring, measuring every single tree in these 2,000 hectares, 5,000 acres. 
And we do a lot of work here. 
It's only a small part of the area. 
In the beginning, maybe pineapples and beans and corn; in the second phase, there will be bananas and papayas; later on, there will be chocolate and chilies. 
This nearby city of Balikpapan has a big problem with water; it's 80 percent surrounded by seawater, and we have now a lot of intrusion there. 
Where at first we had a small cap of higher rainfall, that cap is now widening and getting higher. 
So to say it is hopeless is not the right thing to do, because we actually can make that difference if you integrate the various technologies. 
They also get free land in between the trees, where they can grow their crops. 
So if we want to help the orangutans -- what I actually set out to do -- we must make sure that the local people are the ones that benefit. 
Trees are wonderful arenas for discovery because of their tall stature, their complex structure, the biodiversity they foster and their quiet beauty. 
Common groups, like the sloth here, have clear adaptations for forest canopies, hanging on with their very strong claws. 
There are 10,000 species of ants that taxonomists -- people who describe and name animals -- have named. 
These epiphytes are mainly dominated by the mosses. 
One thing I want to point out is that underneath these live epiphytes, as they die and decompose, they actually construct an arboreal soil, both in the temperate zone and in the tropics. 
And so those epiphytes are actually paying the landlord a bit of rent in exchange for being supported high above the forest floor. 
We had predicted that they would grow back very quickly and that they would come in encroaching from the side. 
If it's gone, it's gone, and if you're really lucky you might get something growing back from the bottom. 
Scenes of forest destruction, forest harvesting and forest fragmentation, thereby making that intact tapestry of the canopy unable to function in the marvelous ways that it has when it is not disturbed by humans. 
And especially, you know, as a small brown woman in a little college, in the upper northwest part of our country, far away from the areas of power and money, I really have to ask myself, "What can I do about this? 
We also recognize that a lot of the products that we make -- those videos and so forth -- you know, they don't reach everybody, and so we've been fostering projects that reach people outside of academia, and outside of the choir that most ecologists preach to. 
What we do, my students in my lab and I, is we buy Barbies from Goodwill and Value Village, we dress her in clothes that have been made by seamstresses and we send her out with a canopy handbook. 
We went out to the forest, I would pick up a branch, Caution would rap on it, and suddenly that branch was really cool. 
And so, I thought perhaps incarcerated men and women -- who don't have access to nature, who often have a lot of time, they often have space, and you don't need any sharp tools to work with mosses -- would be great partners. 
We go to Craig and we check in to a hotel and I realize the next day that castration is going to be an absolute part of this work. 
But, this is a touchy subject, and I work for the Discovery Channel, and we want to portray accurately whatever it is we do, and we certainly want to do it with a lot of respect for the animals. 
They use a band -- basically a rubber band, like this, only a little smaller. 
Blood flow is slowly retarded; a week later the parts in question fall off. 
No I'm kidding -- we don't --  I thought it best to talk in pictures. 
The testicles emerge -- they look like thumbs, coming right at you -- and he says, "Bite 'em. 
 It's just -- it's one of those moments where the brain goes off on it's own: and suddenly, I'm standing there, in the Rockies, and all I can think of is the Aristotelian definition of a tragedy. 
When you start to look for peripetia, you find it everywhere. 
These discoveries that lead to sudden realizations; and I've been having them, over 200 dirty jobs, I have them all the time, but that one -- that one drilled something home in a way that I just wasn't prepared for. 
And, as I stood there, looking at the happy lamb that I had just defiled -- but it looked OK. 
And, after that shoot, Dirty Jobs really didn't change, in terms of what the show is, but it changed for me, personally. 
People with dirty jobs are happier than you think. 
And I don't want to start whistling "Look for the Union Label," and all that happy worker crap. 
We didn't set out to do it and we didn't twist our mustache in some Machiavellian way, but we've done it. 
That's what plumbers look like, right? 
Our tools today don't look like shovels and picks. 
They look like the stuff we walk around with. 
And to me the most important thing to know and to really come face to face with, is that fact that I got it wrong about a lot of things, not just the testicles on my chin. 
And I know the point of this conference is to celebrate things that are near and dear to us, but I also know that clean and dirty aren't opposites. 
I bet a lot of you have seen it and never noticed it. 
Buy it anyway. 
So, imagine I have a plank about two feet wide and 30 feet long and I'm going to walk on it, and you see I can walk on it without looking, I can go back and forth and I can jump up and down. 
It was an empty room, except for a table with a bunch of crap on it -- some papers and scissors and stuff. 
And turns out they liked it, and it made them happy -- not very happy, but a little bit of happy. 
And when you're happy -- what we call positive valence -- you squirt dopamine into the prefrontal lobes, which makes you a breadth-first problem solver: you're more susceptible to interruption; you do out-of-the-box thinking. 
Biology -- we have co-adapted through biology to like bright colors. 
That's especially good that mammals and primates like fruits and bright plants, because you eat the fruit and you thereby spread the seed. 
A water bottle: You buy it because of the bottle, not because of the water. 
It will squirt you all around and you can stay in that shower for hours -- and not waste water, by the way, because it recirculates the same dirty water. 
And the reason you might buy it now is because you care about the environment. 
And you'll buy it to protect the environment, even though the first few cars are going to be really expensive and not perfected. 
This is a clear Don Norman watch. 
But I would say no. 
When you meet someone here at TED -- and this is the top networking place, of course, of the year -- you don't shake somebody's hand and then say, "Can you hold on for a moment while I take out my phone and Google you?" 
Or when you go to the supermarket and you're standing there in that huge aisle of different types of toilet papers, you don't take out your cell phone, and open a browser, and go to a website to try to decide which of these different toilet papers is the most ecologically responsible purchase to make. 
And when he then walks back to the Media Lab, he can just go up to any wall and project all the pictures that he's taken, sort through them and organize them, and re-size them, etc., again using all natural gestures. 
So, some of you most likely were here two years ago and saw the demo by Jeff Han, or some of you may think, "Well, doesn't this look like the Microsoft Surface Table?" 
He can ask for additional information. 
On your way to the airport, if you pick up your boarding pass, it can tell you that your flight is delayed, that the gate has changed, etc. 
And his girlfriend is probably not very happy about him either. 
So I made a deal with the adults that the kids could come in without any adults for two minutes on their own. 
And I said, "Kids, really quickly -- I woke up this morning, I decided I wanted to be able to jump over a house -- nothing too big, two or three stories -- but, if you could think of any animal, any superhero, any cartoon character, anything you can dream up right now, what kind of legs would you build me?" 
And there's been a lot of talk about how life-changing this conference is for both speakers and attendees, and I am no exception. 
Well, lucky for me, a lot of people answered that call. 
And people would come up to me after the conference, after my talk, men and women. 
What does a beautiful woman have to look like? 
So we made what people lovingly referred to as glass legs even though they're actually optically clear polyurethane, a.k.a. bowling ball material. 
 And then another pair of legs we collaborated on were these -- look like jellyfish legs, also polyurethane. 
I think of Shakespeare's Shylock: "If you prick us, do we not bleed, and if you tickle us, do we not laugh?" 
This is in nature: it overrides a carnivorous nature and what otherwise would have been a short fight to the death. 
They are beginning to do something that neither would have done without the play signals. 
And it is a marvelous example of how a differential in power can be overridden by a process of nature that's within all of us. 
And our committee, which consisted of a lot of hard scientists, did feel at the end of that study that the absence of play and a progressive suppression of developmentally normal play led him to be more vulnerable to the tragedy that he perpetrated. 
And this image is, for humans, the beginning point of play. 
If we've got them wired up with an electroencephalogram, the right brain of each of them becomes attuned, so that the joyful emergence of this earliest of play scenes and the physiology of that is something we're beginning to get a handle on. 
And I'd like you to think that every bit of more complex play builds on this base for us humans. 
Preschool kids, for example, should be allowed to dive, hit, whistle, scream, be chaotic, and develop through that a lot of emotional regulation and a lot of the other social byproducts -- cognitive, emotional and physical -- that come as a part of rough and tumble play. 
Three-dimensional play fires up the cerebellum, puts a lot of impulses into the frontal lobe -- the executive portion -- helps contextual memory be developed, and -- and, and, and. 
Pretty smart -- they don't want to get killed by a cat. 
Try and imagine a culture or a life, adult or otherwise without play. 
I think we've got a lot of learning to do. 
And his life -- the transformation of his life from deprivation and what one would expect -- potentially prison or death -- he become a linguist, a trainer for the 76ers and now is a motivational speaker. 
And looking at his history, which is common in the press, it seems to me, at least -- looking at it from a shrink's point of view -- that a lot of his life was programmed. 
Most of us work with groups, and I put this up because the d.school, the design school at Stanford, thanks to David Kelley and a lot of others who have been visionary about its establishment, has allowed a group of us to get together and create a course called "From Play to Innovation." 
There is our star pupil, this labrador, who taught a lot of us what a state of play is, and an extremely aged and decrepit professor in charge there. 
 John Hockenberry: So it sounds to me like what you're saying is that there may be some temptation on the part of people to look at your work and go -- I think I've heard this, in my kind of pop psychological understanding of play, that somehow, the way animals and humans deal with play, is that it's some sort of rehearsal for adult activity. 
And if you imagine a kid pretending to be King Kong, or a race car driver, or a fireman, they don't all become race car drivers or firemen, you know. 
I mean you don't hear about anything that's like cancer or heart disease associated with play. 
But 18 months later -- this is how innovation happens -- 18 months later, my boss said I could do it on the side, as a sort of a play project, kick the tires of a new computer we'd got. 
So I basically roughed out what HTML should look like: hypertext protocol, HTTP; the idea of URLs, these names for things which started with HTTP. 
So that, in all that diversity, if I wanted to figure out how to build something out of a bit of this and a bit of this, everything I looked into, I had to connect to some new machine, I had to learn to run some new program, I would find the information I wanted in some new data format. 
 But in general it was difficult -- it was really difficult to explain what the web was like. 
It's difficult to explain to people now that it was difficult then. 
What was difficult was to get them to imagine: so, imagine that that link could have gone to virtually any document you could imagine. 
One of the great -- yes a lot of people have seen it -- one of the great TED Talks. 
So, he'd taken this data and made a presentation which just shattered a lot of myths that people had about the economics in the developing world. 
It had underground all the data OK, data is brown and boxy and boring, and that's how we think of it, isn't it? 
And Hans made a point of saying, "Look, it's really important to have a lot of data." 
So, I can go ahead and look that thing up. 
And, pretty soon Chris Bizer at the Freie Universitat in Berlin who was one of the first people to put interesting things up, he noticed that Wikipedia -- you know Wikipedia, the online encyclopedia with lots and lots of interesting documents in it. 
Think of the diversity of the web. It's a really important thing that the web allows you to put all kinds of data up there. 
OK, we have to ask for raw data now. 
Practice that. It's important because you have no idea the number of excuses people come up with to hang onto their data and not give it to you, even though you've paid for it as a taxpayer. 
But a lot of the state of knowledge of the human race at the moment is on databases, often sitting in their computers, and actually, currently not shared. 
The way to break down the silos is to get inter-operability between social networking sites. 
You may not have lots of data which you have yourself to put on there but you know to demand it. 
I've only told you a very small number of things There are data in every aspect of our lives, every aspect of work and pleasure, and it's not just about the number of places where data comes, it's about connecting it together. 
And all the people -- and I think there's a lot of people at TED who do things because -- even though there's not an immediate return on the investment because it will only really pay off when everybody else has done it -- they'll do it because they're the sort of person who just does things which would be good if everybody else did them. 
Today, though, I’m going to talk about Darwin’s other strange inversion, which is equally puzzling at first, but in some ways just as important. 
And, by the way, a recent study shows that mothers prefer the smell of the dirty diapers of their own baby. 
But you have to think evolutionarily, you have to think, what hard job that has to be done -- it’s dirty work, somebody’s got to do it -- is so important to give us such a powerful, inbuilt reward for it when we succeed. 
And if you spend a lot of time in hospital, you'll see a lot of types of irrationalities. 
And it turns out it's a more general case -- there's a lot of mistakes we do. 
When the five minutes were over, I would say, "Please shred the piece of paper. 
Instead, what we saw is a lot of people who cheat a little bit. 
For some people, we varied how much money they could get away with -- how much money they could steal. 
You would expect that as the amount of money on the table increases, people would cheat more, but in fact it wasn't the case. 
Again, a lot of people cheated by just by a little bit, and they were insensitive to these economic incentives. 
As you can expect it doesn't last very long; people take it. 
 Now, this is important, because remember, when the moment the student stood up, it made it clear to everybody that they could get away with cheating, because the experimenter said, "You've finished everything. Go home," and they went with the money. 
We've learned that a lot of people can cheat. 
What happens in a situation when you create something where you pay people a lot of money to see reality in a slightly distorted way? 
And she said, "Given the fact that I thought my intuition was right ..." -- she thought her intuition was right -- it was very difficult for her to accept doing a difficult experiment to try and check whether she was wrong. 
And just think about how better my life would have been if these nurses would have been willing to check their intuition, and how everything would have been better if we just start doing more systematic experimentation of our intuitions. 
Now, the island of Mauritius is a small island off the east coast of Madagascar where the dodo bird was discovered and extinguished, all within about 150 years. 
 I want to point out here at this point that I've spent my life obsessed by objects and the stories that they tell, and this was the very latest one. 
Russian nuclear launch key: The one on the top is the picture of the one I found on eBay; the one on the bottom is the one I made for myself, because I couldn't afford the one on eBay. 
I should point out at this time -- I'm not a sculptor; I'm a hard-edged model maker. 
And in this folder, "Creative Projects," there are tons of projects that I'm currently working on, projects that I've already worked on, things that I might want to work on some day, and things that I may just want to find and buy and have and look at and touch. 
I found other reference. Avi [Ara] Chekmayan, a New Jersey editor, actually found this resin Maltese Falcon at a flea market in 1991, although it took him five years to authenticate this bird to the auctioneers' specifications, because there was a lot of controversy about it. 
So I took Sculpey, and I built a big block of it, and I passed it through until, you know, I got the right profiles. 
But again, I am not a sculptor, and so I don't know a lot of the tricks, like, I don't know how my friend Mike gets beautiful, shiny surfaces with his Sculpey; I certainly wasn't able to get it. 
Now there's a lot of ways to fill and get yourself a nice smooth finish. 
I'll go you one stranger than that: In 1974, during the production of a weird comedy sequel to "The Maltese Falcon," called "The Black Bird," starring George Segal, the Los Angeles County Museum of Art had a plaster original of the Maltese Falcon -- one of the original six plasters, I think, made for the movie -- stolen out of the museum. A lot of people thought it was a publicity stunt for the movie. 
It would seem that the object of desire only comes into its own by disappearing repeatedly. 
So here I had this Falcon, and it was lovely. It looked really great, the light worked on it really well, it was better than anything that I could achieve or obtain out in the world. 
Here, I'm going to put it out there, later on tonight, and I want you to pick it up and handle it. 
You want to know how obsessed I am. This project's only for me, and yet I went so far as to buy on eBay a 1941 Chinese San Francisco-based newspaper, in order so that the bird could properly be wrapped ... 
And then, maybe, then I'll achieve the end of this exercise. 
And the peak time for that was the 30s, because the Depression was so dismal that anything to get away from the present into the future ... 
I was both an automobile illustrator and an advertising automobile copywriter, so I have a lot of revenge to take on the subject. 
This is the '58 Bulgemobile: so new, they make tomorrow look like yesterday. 
The brainless rich are more fun to make fun of than anybody. I do a lot of that. 
Shamelessly cheap is something, I think -- this will wake you up. 
I couldn't resist, and I got a nasty email from some environmental group saying, "This is too serious and solemn to make fun of. You should be ashamed, please apologize on our website." 
Except that he's carrying a tube for blueprints and stuff -- they all do -- and a lot of people thought that meant it was a terrorist about to shoot rockets at the Tour de France -- sign of our times, I guess. 
I don't know a hell of a lot about fashion -- I was told to do what they call a Mary Jane, and then I got into this terrible fight between the art director and the editor saying: "Put a strap on it" -- "No, don't put a strap on it" -- "Put a strap on it -- "Don't put a strap on it" -- because it obscures the logo and looks terrible and it's bad and -- 
Our experience points to an amazing increase in human productivity by over 20 percent by using these plants. 
And it doesn't hurt to do it in a location like this either. 
I am lucky enough to work with 30 of them. 
Because really, it's a condition about choice, and the lack of freedom. 
It wasn't organized in the way we often think of it. 
She would go into the city at night with about 20 girls, look for work, and sometimes come back with a few shillings, or sometimes with nothing. 
And so she spent a year to save 50 dollars, and started borrowing, and over time she was able to buy a sewing machine. 
You think I will miss the violence or the drugs? The lack of privacy? 
But maybe me, I give out something better because I give them hope." 
And I'm like, "Didn't we just go through this last year?" 
You know, I found that volcano on Google Images, not realizing how much it makes me look like the cover of Dianetics. 
So you can pick up the phone, you hear a dial tone, but its just a fake-out. It's a WAV file of a dial tone, just to reassure you that the world hasn't ended. 
It's a free program you download for your Mac or PC, and you make free phone calls anywhere in the world The downside is that you have to wear a headset like a nerd. 
It's really cute seeing middle-aged people like me, try out Skype for the first time, which is usually when their kid goes away for a semester abroad. 
Imagine if you had an ordinary cell phone, and any time you were in a wireless hotspot -- free calls anywhere in the world, never pay the cellular company a nickel. 
It'd be really, really cool -- and yet, even though the technology for this has been available for five years, incredibly, the number of standard cell phones offered by US carriers with free VOIP is zero! 
I'm like, can you imagine being the T-Mobile PR lady? You know? 
You can make free unlimited calls home to the US with these phones. So, very, very interesting. 
Does anyone here have a working cell phone that's on, with coverage, who can make a call right now without a lot of fussing? 
OK. Would you call me please right now? [Phone number given.] And don't you all call me at three a.m. asking me to fix your printer. 
Grand Central is this really brilliant idea where they give you a new phone number, and then at that point one phone number rings all your phones at once. 
I know a lot of you are like, "Ooh, I don't want to be reached at any hour." 
It's totally free -- there's not even ads. 
So anyway, you never even find out the number. 
You know, there's a lot of people wondering, "How on earth are they going to make money doing this?" And the answer is: look at the last line. 
And a lot of people also want to know, "How does it work? 
But it's a human being on the line. And it's gotten me out of so many tough positions like, "When's the last flight out of Chicago?" 
If you check your voicemail twice a day, that's 100 million dollars a year. 
 So now I'm going to tell you how to get out of that. 
The services are called things like Spinvox, Phonetag -- this is the one I use -- Callwave. A lot of people say, "How are they doing this? 
OK, talk to you later -- bye. 
I'm not kidding you. The message said, "Was walking along the street" and "sky was blue" and "emergency"! 
This is the -- I love this -- the boss call. 
Please don't corner me at the party tonight and go, "What are you? An Apple fan boy?" 
When I'm an old man, I'm going to tell my grandchildren, "When I was your age, if I wanted to check my email, I used to drive around town looking for a coffee shop. I did!" 
A song is running through your head -- you sing it into the thing: OK, you tap, "Done" and it will find out the song and play it for you. 
This is Pandora. Free Internet radio. Not just free Internet radio -- you type in a band or a song name. 
I'm sick to death of this old cell phone. 
I wanted to come up with something I hoped could make me a better teacher, and give the youngsters under my supervision, be it in athletics or the English classroom, something to which to aspire, other than just a higher mark in the classroom, or more points in some athletic contest. 
I thought about that for quite a spell, and I wanted to come up with my own definition. I thought that might help. 
So I wanted to come up with something of my own. 
And I recalled -- I was raised on a small farm in Southern Indiana, and Dad tried to teach me and my brothers that you should never try to be better than someone else. 
Never cease trying to be the best you can be -- that's under your control. 
And I may say, I may not see the church, or hear the word, or eat the food their hands may grow, but yet again I may; And later I may say, I knew him once, and he was weak, or strong, or bold or proud or gay. 
They ask me why I teach and I reply, 'Where could I find such splendid company?'" And I believe the teaching profession -- it's true, you have so many youngsters, and I've got to think of my youngsters at UCLA -- 30-some attorneys, 11 dentists and doctors, many, many teachers and other professions. 
And that gives you a great deal of pleasure, to see them go on. 
And we get a little older -- we sort of let things go. 
Of dreaming there's a goal ahead; of hoping when our dreams are dead; of praying when our hopes have fled; yet losing, not afraid to fall, if, bravely, we have given all. 
Just get out there, and whatever you're doing, do it to the best of your ability. 
I liked to go up and sit in the stands and watch the players play, and see whether I'd done a decent job during the week. 
I'd want him to be unselfish, and look for the pass first and not shoot all the time. 
And you can kind of think of this as a pyramid of this bubbling up of viruses from animals into human populations. 
Patrice and Patee set out most days to go out hunting in the forest around their homes. 
Every person who has one of those filter papers has at least, at a minimum, been through our basic health education about the risks associated with these activities, which presumably, from our perspective, gives them the ability to decrease their own risk, and then obviously the risk to their families, the village, the country, and the world. 
They're going to say, in regions of profound instability throughout the world, where you have intense poverty, where populations are growing and you don't have sustainable resources like this, this is going to lead to food insecurity. 
But really, this is just the beginning from our perspective. 
I'm going tell you right now: please don't despair. 
Dare I admit that after she did it I never really loved her again? 
and, when you had to go look for a child, hang wash on the line, or run down to the grocery store on the corner, under a coat, the twisted hem of the nightgown always lank and yellowed, dangling beneath. 
Only later would I see the dresses also as a proclamation: that in your dim kitchen, your laundry, your bleak concrete yard, what you revealed of yourself was a fabulation; your real sensual nature, veiled in those sexless vestments, was utterly your dominion. 
What release finally, the embrace: though we were wary -- it seemed so audacious -- how much unspoken joy there was in that affirmation of equality and communion, no matter how much misunderstanding and pain had passed between you by then. 
Or you could go out by yourself even to a half-block-long empty lot, into the bushes: like a creature of leaves you'd lurk, crouched, crawling, simplified, savage, alone; already there was wanting to be simpler, wanting, when they called you, never to go back. 
I was afraid some repressed part of myself would go out of control, and I'd be forever entrapped in the shocking seethe of her stench. 
No, more than impulse or fancy, the girl knows what she's doing, the girl means something, the girl means to mean, because it occurs to her in that instant, that beautiful or not, bright yes or no, she's not who she is, she's not the person she is, and the reason, she suddenly knows, is that there's been so much premeditation where she is, so much plotting and planning, there's hardly a person where she is, 
Weightfully this self which weighed upon me, the release from which is what I desire and what I achieve. 
But I'm afraid that Ricky will come out here and shake his fist at me. 
God knows though, there are worse twists your obsessions can take. 
That she died in the camps made her -- I didn't dare wonder why -- more present, more precious. 
So constantly conscious now of death moving towards me, sometimes I think I confound them. 
Some people say it should be free; it should be tabloid, or even smaller: A4; it should be local, run by communities, or niche, for some smaller groups like business -- but then it's not free; it's very expensive. 
And we'd rather read it during breakfast, because later we listen to radio in a car, check your mail at work and in the evening you watch TV. 
Sounds nice, but this can only buy time. 
You can live in a small poor country, like me. 
You can work for a small company, in a boring branch. 
You can imagine with this big surface of a skysurfing board, there is a lot of force, a lot of power. 
It's for sure -- for me -- it's the ultimate feeling of being in free fall, with all the visual references. 
JC: Ah, I see. So the wingsuit is set up to deliberately release smoke so that you can be tracked. One more question. 
I literally drew on the walls of the trailer, mocked it up in cardboard, we'd come in and cut, decide things were wrong, pull it out, put it back in. 
A lot of these ideas migrated into the production trailers for Airstream. 
Now, depending how close you are and how much explosive has been packed into that bomb, it can cause death or injury. You have to be as far as 50 yards away to escape that. 
This is all real. So why don't we go ahead and start those pictures. 
Now, I need to be clear here. 
Unlike an aircraft carrier or an atomic bomb, you don't need a massive manufacturing system to build robotics. A lot of it is off the shelf. A lot of it's even do-it-yourself. 
We don't buy war bonds anymore. 
It's like the difference between watching an NBA game, a professional basketball game on TV, where the athletes are tiny figures on the screen, and being at that basketball game in person and realizing what someone seven feet really does look like. 
They lose the humanity. War just becomes slam dunks and smart bombs. 
"This is just another sign of the coldhearted cruel Israelis and Americans, who are cowards because they send out machines to fight us. 
They don't want to fight us like real men, but they're afraid to fight, so we just have to kill a few of their soldiers to defeat them." 
But some have worries that this disconnection will lead to something else, that it might make the contemplation of war crimes a lot easier when you have this distance. "It's like a video game," is what one young pilot described to me of taking out enemy troops from afar. 
And so you have this question: what does this lead to issues like war crimes? Robots are emotionless, so they don't get upset if their buddy is killed. 
And so we have this question to figure out: How do we catch up our 20th century laws of war, that are so old right now that they could qualify for Medicare, to these 21st century technologies? 
Is our generation going to make the same mistake that a past generation did with atomic weaponry, and not deal with the issues that surround it until Pandora's box is already opened up? 
A film also exists in time; it's an experience that you should go through emotionally. 
It's something like life, that once you get in it you can't get out. 
It is the capital of the country, and it took 23 years to build, which is something they seem to be very proud of over there. 
Nathaniel Kahn: If he did he was a very lucky man. 
And you know, when I knew him when I was in the office, he would come in from a trip, and he would be in the office for two or three days intensely, and he would pack up and go. 
I mean as tragic as his death was in a railway station, it was so consistent with his life, you know? 
He cared in a very different manner, but it takes a lot of time to understand that. 
He could not say no to anything, and that is why, that he cannot say no to things, we got this building today. 
What I'm going to try to do is explain to you quickly how to predict, and illustrate it with some predictions about what Iran is going to do in the next couple of years. 
It can predict complex negotiations or situations involving coercion -- that is in essence everything that has to do with politics, much of what has to do with business, but sorry, if you're looking to speculate in the stock market, I don't predict stock markets -- OK, it's not going up any time really soon. 
That doesn't seem terribly shocking -- although it's controversial for a lot of people -- that we are self-interested. 
A lot of people are worried about what is rationality about? 
If you're trying to influence corporations to change their behavior, with regard to producing pollutants, one approach, the common approach, is to exhort them to be better, to explain to them what damage they're doing to the planet. 
Unfortunately, a lot of times we don't do that. 
With five decision-makers there are a lot of linkages -- 120, as a matter of fact, if you remember your factorials. 
Now you may be surprised to know that smart people can keep 120 things straight in their head. 
But computers, they can. They don't need coffee breaks, they don't need vacations, they don't need to go to sleep at night, they don't ask for raises either. 
You may be surprised to find out we don't need to know very much. 
That is, how willing are they to drop what they're doing when the issue comes up, and attend to it instead of something else that's on their plate -- how big a deal is it to them? 
They're careerists, they also care about getting credit -- there's ego involvement, they want to be seen as important in shaping the outcome, or as important, if it's their druthers, to block an outcome. 
How they got to where they are may be important in shaping the input information, but once we know where they are we're worried about where they're going to be headed in the future. 
Let me make three important predictions -- you can check this out, time will tell. 
What is Iran going to do about its nuclear weapons program? 
I want to be very clear here. I'm not projecting some past data into the future. 
It would achieve some national pride, but not go ahead and build a weapon. 
And down at 100 they would build civilian nuclear energy, which is what they say is their objective. 
But in any event, by the end of this year, beginning of next year, we get to a stable equilibrium outcome. 
And that equilibrium is not what the United States would like, but it's probably an equilibrium that the United States can live with, and that a lot of others can live with. 
And that is that Iran will achieve that nationalist pride by making enough weapons-grade fuel, through research, so that they could show that they know how to make weapons-grade fuel, but not enough to actually build a bomb. 
Over here you can see this is the distribution of power in favor of civilian nuclear energy today, this is what that power block is predicted to be like by the late parts of 2010, early parts of 2011. 
Take a look at these guys, they're growing in power, and by the way, this was done a while ago before the current economic crisis, and that's probably going to get steeper. 
Two things to notice: he's getting weaker, and while he gets a lot of attention in the United States, he is not a major player in Iran. 
Bruce Bueno de Mesquita: I've thought about that, and since I've done a lot of work for the intelligence community, they've also pondered that. 
It would hasten how quickly people arrive at an agreement, and so it would save everybody a lot of grief and time. 
And, it would arrive at an agreement that everybody was happy with, without having to manipulate them so much -- which is basically what I do, I manipulate them. 
I know you guys think of yourself as humans, and this is sort of how I think of you. 
This man is supposed to represent a generic human being, and all of the circles in that man are all of the cells that make up your body. 
And of course it's the DNA that counts, so here's all the A, T, Gs and Cs that make up your genetic code, and give you all your charming characteristics. 
I know you think of yourself as human beings, but I think of you as 90 or 99 percent bacterial. 
But they get a lot of press because they do a lot of terrible things as well. 
I mean they're incredibly small, you have to have a microscope to see one. 
And so it seemed to us that they are just too small to have an impact on the environment if they simply act as individuals. 
But what it does do is to make and secrete small molecules that you can think of like hormones, and these are the red triangles, and when the bacteria is alone the molecules just float away and so no light. 
On bright nights when there is lots of starlight or moonlight that light can penetrate the depth of the water the squid lives in, since it's just in those couple feet of water. 
And as the day goes by the bacteria double, they release the molecule, and then light comes on at night, exactly when the squid wants it. 
It's a very small, five-carbon molecule. 
It's a really lucky demographic to work with. 
I keep getting older and older and they're always the same age, and it's just a crazy delightful job. 
I am going to talk about myself, which I rarely do, because I -- well for one thing, I prefer to talk about things I know nothing about. 
But I want to, though, explain how I came to design my own particular brand of comedy because I've been through so many different forms of it. 
A lot of heckling is the tension of trying to make sure that the comedian is going to be able to dominate, and overcome the heckler. 
And the qualities that I'm about to describe are the qualities that make it possible to make change happen. 
 "Oh no. Thanks though, I'll leave them here. Thanks very much. 
 And another attribute of the trickster is smart luck. 
One is, another characteristic of trickster is that the trickster has to walk this fine line. 
I like to think of what I do as a probability wave. 
Apologies to Hans Rosling -- he said anything that's not using real stats is a lie -- but the big delta there is how we deal with this from a public standpoint. 
OK, the gentleman on the left is saying, "Screw you, I'm going to check my device." 
Alright? That's not something that we can finance or buy today. 
120 miles is a good enough range for a lot of people. 
Nobody wants to buy a mini well when they buy a car. 
You, today, buy gasoline miles. 
Why? Because batteries life cycle improve -- a bit of improvement on energy density, which reduces the price. 
And I said, "I'm ready for CEO" And he said, "Oh no no no no no. You've got to explain to me, what is more important than saving your country and saving the world, that you would go and do?" 
So if you want to buy a gasoline car in Denmark, it costs you about 60,000 Euros. 
 We then were sort of coined as the guys who run only in small islands. 
As we stared scaling it up we looked at what is the problem to come up to the U.S.? 
And the most fascinating thing we've learned is that, when you have small problems on the individual level, like the price of gasoline to drive every morning. 
That's another 30 percent demand on oil. 
In other words at some point when we've recovered we go up to the peak. 
We go back down. It's going to go up and down. 
The Indians don't even understand why we think of it as a problem because most people in India fill two or three gallons every time. 
Think of it as a project that spans over about 10 years. 
Let's not do it immediately. Maybe we free the kids and keep the slaves. 
When you're beginning to rot a little bit, all of the videos crammed into your head, all of the extensions that extend your various powers, are going to being to seem a little secondary. 
It's not at all clear where it's going to take us. 
And how are we going to understand all this complex information? 
Another thing is that we're just going to have to deal with this knowledge. 
What if you could take a little concoction of pharmaceuticals that would make you feel really contented, just happy to be you. 
It's going to be very challenging to deal with. 
You take a six to eight cell embryo, you tease out one of the cells, you run a genetic test on that cell, and depending on the results of that test you either implant that embryo or you discard it. 
Humanity is going to go down this path. 
To imagine that we're not going to use these technologies when they become available, is as much a denial of who we are as to imagine that we'll use these technologies and not fret and worry about it a great deal. 
There are too many people that think that high-technology medicine is going to keep them, save them, from overeating, from eating a lot of fast foods, from not getting any exercise. 
It's the beginning of a new millennium. 
If you look forward, I mean future humans, far before the end of this millennium, in a few hundred years, they are going to look back at this moment. 
And from the beginning of today's sessions you'd think that they're going to see this as this horrible difficult, painful period that we struggled through. 
So to me, it's clear that one of the foundations of that future is going to be the reworking of our biology. 
It's going to come gradually at first. It's going to pick up speed. 
I think that our choice in the choice of life, is not whether we're going to go down this path. 
The AlloSphere: it's a three-story metal sphere in an echo-free chamber. 
Think of the AlloSphere as a large, dynamically varying digital microscope that's connected to a supercomputer. 
With my visual artist colleagues, we map complex mathematical algorithms that unfold in time and space, Our scientist colleagues are finding new patterns in the information. 
Inspire us to think of new ways that we can use this unique instrument that we've created at Santa Barbara. 
I was born premature. I was always very small. 
And I tried to come up for air, and my lower back hit the bottom of the inner tube. 
But there is a happy ending to this story. 
So here are the new rules of swimming, if any of you are afraid of swimming, or not good at it. 
So what you want to focus on instead is allowing your lower body to draft behind your upper body, much like a small car behind a big car on the highway. 
So you don't kick. But you do use a small flick. 
Last thing, breathing. A problem a lot of us have, certainly, when you're swimming. 
Six months later I had the chance to go to Japan. 
My first evening, before my first day of school, I said to my mother, very politely, "Please wake me up at eight a.m." 
But I said, "Please rape me at eight a.m." 
about six months later -- so a total of 11 months later -- and went from Japanese I to Japanese VI. 
Immediately: death sweat. 
Long steps. So a lot of milongueros -- the tango dancers will use very short steps. 
So you can have -- and you can do it in a very small space in fact. 
And when I think of what I fear now, it's very simple. 
When I imagine my life, without the educational opportunities that I had, it makes me wonder. 
But I ask a lot of questions, and I would love your advice. 
So hang in there, and you come up with some pretty peculiar solutions. 
This is a climb called the Naked Edge, in El Dorado Canyon, outside of Boulder. 
The cracks are too small to get your toes into so the only way to climb is using your fingertips in the cracks, and using opposing pressure and forcing yourself up. 
Once you get to that point where you know it's going to happen, you need to start thinking about how you're going to let go because that is the critical piece of not getting hurt -- how you're going to fall onto the rope, or if you're climbing without a rope, fall to a place where you can actually control the fall. 
My sister and I started this project in 2005 because in that year, at least in the science press, there was a lot of talk about global warming, and the effect that global warming was having on coral reefs. 
And if the bleaching doesn't go away -- if the temperatures don't go down -- reefs start to die. 
A great deal of this has been happening in the Great Barrier Reef, particularly in coral reefs all over the world. 
So in 2007 we had an exhibition, a small exhibition of this crochet reef. 
And to cut a long story short, eight months later we did fill the Chicago Cultural Center's 3,000 square foot gallery. 
So here we have a line and a point outside the line. 
Think of the surface of a sphere -- just like a beach ball, the surface of the Earth. 
And I have a point outside the line. How many straight lines can I draw through the point but never meet the original line? 
It's a bit suspicious isn't it? There is two answers to the question so far, Zero and one. 
There's a straight line, and there is an infinite number of lines that go through the point and never meet the original line. 
It's a bit like this: imagine that we'd only ever encountered Euclidean space. 
But we found that when we deviated from the specific setness of the mathematical code that underlies it -- the simple algorithm crochet three, increase one -- when we deviated from that and made embellishments to the code, the models immediately started to look more natural. 
Just as the morphology and the complexity of life on earth is never ending, little embellishments and complexifications in the DNA code lead to new things like giraffes, or orchids -- so too, do little embellishments in the crochet code lead to new and wondrous creatures in the evolutionary tree of crochet life. 
He developed a radical alternative system of engaging the smallest children with the most abstract ideas through physical forms of play. 
He had high leather boots, jodhpurs, an old leather jacket, a wonderful helmet and those marvelous goggles -- and, inevitably, a white scarf, to flow in the wind. 
And I found that in doing the model airplanes the appearance drawings were not enough. 
And I started up a very small operation -- went from 40 people to one, in an effort to rediscover my innocence. 
And I couldn't choose airplanes because they had gotten sort of unromantic at that point, even though I'd done a lot of airplane work, on the interiors. 
I'd designed a lot of chairs, over the years for tractors and trucks and submarines -- all kinds of things. 
So the discipline was -- as in the airplane you learn a lot about how to deal with the air, for a chair you have to learn a lot about how to deal with the body, and what the body needs, wants, indicates it needs. 
So my idea was that, instead of sitting down and reaching for a lot of controls, that you would sit on the chair, and it would automatically balance your weight against the force required to recline. 
So that if you sit down on my chair, whether you're five feet tall or six foot six, it always deals with your weight and transfers the amount of force required to recline in a way that you don't have to look for something to adjust. 
There are some very light people, some extremely heavy people, maybe people with a lot of bulk up top. 
Well, that's typical of a lot of us working in chairs. 
And so after many trials, many failures, we came up with a very simple arrangement in which we could just move one arm or the other. 
And they go up easily. 
And that's a lot of load. 
When you recline you take away a lot of that load off your bottom end, and transfer it to your back. 
If you compare how Obama did against how John Kerry had done four years earlier -- Democrats really like seeing this transition here, where almost every state becomes bluer, becomes more democratic -- even states Obama lost, like out west, those states became more blue. 
He lost no worse than most people do. 
 And when we think of Arkansas we tend to have pretty negative connotations. 
We think of a bunch of rednecks, quote, unquote, with guns. 
And we think people like this probably don't want to vote for people who look like this and are named Barack Obama. 
This really seems to explain why Barack Obama did worse So we have to ask why. 
Which of these seem to drive this manifestation of racism in this big national experiment we had on November 4th? 
These things, among maybe other variables, but these things seem to predict it. 
Probably because if you live on a farm, you might not have a lot of neighbors, period. 
But nevertheless, you're not having a lot of interaction with people who are unlike you. 
And we see in some variables in terms of political attitudes, not a lot of difference. 
But if you probe a bit deeper and get a bit more personal if you will, "Do you favor a law banning interracial marriage?" 
Racism is predictable. And it's predicted by interaction or lack thereof with people unlike you, people of other races. 
It's being used by NGOs all over East Africa, small NGOs doing their own little projects. 
So what we find is that there is this great deal of wasted crisis information because there is just too much information for us to actually do anything with right now. 
How do we deal with that information that is coming in? 
So you've got a lot of information. That's great. 
And we have a small team who is working on this. 
From young, smart developers. 
And we are very happy to be part of the TED family. 
But the sound we are greeted with, as the room is bathed in the simulated glow of late-afternoon light, recalls to mind a dirty men's room in the rear of a Greek coffee shop. 
But today these improvements seem somehow inauthentic. 
So buried in signage are these structures, that it often takes a moment to distinguish the modern specially constructed taxpayer from its neighbor: the small commercial building whose upper floors have been sealed, and whose groundfloor space now functions as a taxpayer. 
The ventriloquist must first make us believe that a small boy is sitting on his lap. 
They understand the structural integrity of a deep avuncular lap, as compared to the shaky arrangement of a neurotic niece in high heels. 
Upon his death in 1967, a quarter of the items were sold off for compote to a high-class hotel restaurant. 
And perhaps most remarkably, at the beginning of the 21st century, really for the first time in modern history, growth extended to almost all parts of the world. 
So China, I've already mentioned, beginning around 1978, around the time of the death of Mao, growth -- ten percent a year. 
But at the end of the 20th century, the beginning of the 21st century, we saw growth in Africa. 
This provides a reason why trade and globalization are even more important, more powerful than ever before, and are going to increase growth more than ever before. 
And to explain why this is so, I have a question. 
If you had to choose, which would you rather have: the common disease or the rare disease? 
As other countries become richer the demand for these pharmaceuticals is going to increase tremendously. 
And that means an increase incentive to do research and development, which benefits everyone in the world. 
Larger markets increase the incentive to produce all kinds of ideas, whether it's software, whether it's a computer chip, whether it's a new design. 
Alright. Well if larger markets increase the incentive to produce new ideas, how do we maximize that incentive? 
I think of the great Indian mathematician, Ramanujan. 
We need a greater demand for ideas -- those larger markets I was talking about earlier -- and a greater supply of ideas for the world. 
Globalization is increasing the demand for ideas, the incentive to create new ideas. 
1500 to 1800: maybe a little bit of economic growth, but less in a century than you expect to see in a year today. 
 And there is some truth to this, in the sense that we have something of a finite resource, and increased growth is going to push up demand for that. 
As oil prices go up, energy patents go up. 
The world is much better equipped to overcome an increase in the price of oil today, than ever in the past, because of what I'm talking about. 
And yet, when we look forward in the brain we see really remarkable advance. 
Now movement has advanced to the point where it can actually control movement simultaneously, in a complex sequence, in complex ways as would be required for example for playing a complicated game, like soccer. 
Or you might look in an older individual who has mastered a complex set of abilities that might relate to reading musical notation or performing the mechanical acts of performance that apply to musical performance. 
So for example I can rear an animal in an environment in which there is meaningless dumb sound, a repertoire of sound that I make up, that I make, just by exposure, artificially important to the animal and its young brain. 
And I see the brain actually develop a processor that is specialized -- specialized for that complex array, a repertoire of sounds. 
And so they also account for development of defective processing in a substantial population of children who are more limited, as a consequence, in their language abilities at an older age. 
So in the beginning the monkey could not perform this task at all. 
And 700 or so tries later the monkey is performing it flawlessly -- never fails. 
Billions of times little pieces of sensation have come in from the surface of your body that are always associated with you as the receiver, and that result in the embodiment of you. 
This is a marvelously constructed thing that results in individual form because each one of us has vastly different histories, and vastly different experiences, that drive in to us this marvelous differentiation of self, of personhood. 
And there are a lot of things that contribute to that. 
If any -- those of you who are older in the audience know that when I was a child we understood that a child born with a cleft palate was born with what we called mental retardation. 
Think of the children on the slow side of the class. 
Just as the brain came out of chaos at the beginning, it's going back into chaos in the end. 
It turns out you can train the brain of such an individual -- this is a small population of such individuals -- train equally intensively for about 30 hours. 
My issues are to try to get to rescuing older citizens more completely and in larger numbers, because I think this can be done in this arena on a vast scale -- and the same for kids. 
And in older age conditions like Parkinsonism, and in other acquired impairments like schizophrenia. 
Of course a lot of people will ignore this advice. 
And so I thought I'd come up here and unveil my real voice to you. 
So feel free to think of this as Sarah University. 
But anyway, I should have started by saying just how lucky I feel. 
 The point is, I'm happy somebody has practical ideas to get us out of this mess. 
So, happy continued success. 
So, basically like DA BOMB -- what Dominican-American Benevolent Organization for Mothers and Babies does is, basically, we try to advocate for students who show a lot of academic promise and who also happen to be mothers like me. 
And if you don't mind, privately now, in the future, I'm going to think of TED as an acronym for Technology, Entertainment and Dominicans. 
In fact, the older lady you just met: very, very loosely based on a great aunt on my mother's side. 
But, you know, I am originally from India, and I wanted to start by telling you that once Sarah Jones told me that we will be having the opportunity to come here to TED in California, originally, I was very pleased and, frankly, relieved because, you know, I am a human rights advocate. 
And there, I must attend these meetings, mingling with some tiresome politicians, trying to make me feel comfortable by telling how often they are eating the curry in Georgetown.  So, you can just imagine -- right. 
But when Sarah Jones asked me to please come to TED, I said, well, you know, first, I don't know that, you know -- before two years ago, you would not find me in front of an audience of people, much less like this because I did not like to give speeches because I feel that, as an immigrant, I do not have good English skills for speaking. 
But when they got older, when the time comes for them to start think about getting married, that's when we expect them to realize, a little bit more, their own culture. 
 But at first I did not know what to do. 
But I feel a bit like a fish out of water. 
But, while I know that I may not look like the typical TED-izen, as you would say, I do like to make the point that we in global society, we are never as different as the appearances may suggest. 
So, if you will indulge me, I will share quickly with you a bit of verse, which I memorized as a young girl at 16 years of age. 
And when I touch you, I feel happy inside. 
Indeed, an outbreak would be multiple Katrinas at once. 
We're now seeing outbreaks in human populations -- so far, fortunately, small events, tiny outbreaks, occasional clusters. 
However, huge supercomputer analyses, done of the likely effectiveness of this, show that it won't buy us much time at all. 
And we have spent a lot of money. 
But a lot of money has been thrown out at the local level and at the federal level to look at infectious diseases. 
During the SARS epidemic in Beijing quarantine did seem to help. 
Your insurance payments didn't go through. 
Or can we get away with some different kinds of masks? 
There is some indication that it may buy you some time in the midst of an outbreak. 
Most of the death toll was 15 to 40 year-olds -- robustly healthy young adults. 
A new study by Chris Murray at Harvard shows that if you look at the databases that were kept by the Brits in India, there was a 31-fold greater death rate among the Indians. 
So there is a strong belief that in places of poverty the death toll was far higher. 
Well if you think it's going to last 18 months, are you going to buy 18 months worth of masks for every single person in your family? 
If you expand that out to think of a whole community, or all your employees in your company, you begin to realize how limited the Tamiflu option might be. 
Everybody has come up to me and said, well I'll stockpile water or, I'll stockpile food, or what have you. 
LG: Yeah. There is some evidence that taking Lipitor and other common statins for cholesterol control may decrease your vulnerability to influenza. 
And our Centers for Disease Control has labeled a test they developed a rapid diagnostic. 
I mean 100 percent death rate is pretty severe. 
It's clear that if you were malnourished to begin with, you had a weakened immune system, you lived in poverty in India or Africa, your likelihood of dying was far greater. 
Audience member: One of the things I've heard is that the real death cause when you get a flu is the associated pneumonia, and that a pneumonia vaccine may offer you 50 percent better chance of survival. 
So we're going to have to go all-out thermonuclear response, stimulate the total cytokine cascade. 
How do we explain this? 
We can recreate this using a process of group dynamics to explain the patterns that we see all around the conflicts around the world. 
And it turns out there is only one solution to fight a much stronger enemy. 
What does it look like? 
This is what wars look like when they continue. 
We see it start. And we see it grow up to the stable state the wars around the world look like. 
What I want to do today is to spend some time talking about some stuff that's sort of giving me a little bit of existential angst, for lack of a better word, over the past couple of years, and basically, these three quotes tell what's going on. 
 If we describe the near future as 10, 20, 15 years from now, that means that what we do today is going to be critically important, because in the year 2015, and the year 2020, 2025, the world our society is going to be building on, the basic knowledge and abstract ideas, the discoveries that we came up with today, just as all these wonderful things we're hearing about here at the TED conference 
We think of them as separate and different things, and this idea was probably introduced centuries ago, but it's really becoming critical now, because we're making decisions about our society every day that, if we keep thinking that the arts are separate from the sciences, and we keep thinking it's cute to say, "I don't understand anything about this one, I don't understand anything about the other one," then we're going to have problems. 
You see, when I was growing up as a little girl and as a teenager, I loved designing and making dogs' clothes and wanting to be a fashion designer. 
And when I was at Stanford, I found myself, my senior year, chemical engineering major, half the folks thought I was a political science and performing arts major, which was sort of true because I was Black Student Union President and I did major in some other things, and I found myself the last quarter juggling chemical engineering separation processes, logic classes, nuclear magnetic resonance spectroscopy, and also producing and choreographing a dance production, 
The difference between arts and sciences is also not constructive versus deconstructive, right? A lot of people think of the sciences as deconstructive. 
Another thing they talked about was the infrastructure that supports the sciences is becoming obsolete. We look at universities and colleges, small, mid-sized community colleges across the country, their laboratories are becoming obsolete, and this is where we train most of our science workers and our researchers, and our teachers, by the way, and then that there's a media that doesn't support the dissemination of any more than the most mundane and inane of information. 
I like to think of ideas as potential energy. 
And I thought up a lot of ideas. 
And I had a lot of -- always interested in the concept of a crystal ball. 
This has evolved over the years in a lot of different iterations. 
I brought it to Paul MacCready's company AeroVironment to do a feasibility study, and they analyzed it, and came up with a lot of innovative ideas about how to propel it. 
It can generate about a million kilowatts, in order to be bright enough to be visible in daylight. 
And this is more or less, a whole-meal, handmade, small-bakery loaf of bread. 
This tiny bread that is tasteless in some ways and has a lot of problems has changed the world. 
As food became plentiful here, it also meant that we were able to decrease the number of people working in agriculture to something like, on average, in the high income countries, five percent or less of the population. 
Let's go back to small-scale, to farmers' markets, small bakeries and all that." Wonderful. 
If we do this, if we want to stay with traditional small-scale farming we are going, actually, to relegate these poor farmers and their husbands -- among whom I have lived for many years, working without electricity and water, to try to improve their food production -- we relegate them to poverty. 
What they want are implements to increase their production: something to fertilize the soil, something to protect their crop and to bring it to a market. 
We cannot just think that small-scale is the solution to the world food problem. 
If we say just small-scale production, as is the tendency here, to go back to local food means that a poor man like Hans Rosling cannot even eat oranges anymore because in Scandinavia we don't have oranges. 
One of our problems is that world food production needs to increase very rapidly -- doubling by about 2030. 
I feel so strongly that you cannot ask a small farmer to work the land and bend over to grow a hectare of rice, 150,000 times, just to plant a crop and weed it. 
We will not do that through small farmers' markets because these people have no small farmers' markets at their disposal. 
What you see is that we've started in the left-hand corner with traditional agriculture, which was sort of small-scale and low-control. 
Use biotechnology where useful, particularly in pest and disease resistance. 
And we need to think very dispassionately about the comparative advantages of small-scale and large-scale. 
And I think there is nobody else who has expressed better, to me, the idea that food, in the end, in our own tradition, is something holy. 
And as you eat it, and as you try it -- please come and stand up. 
I want you to think that every bite connects you to the past and the future: to these anonymous farmers, that first bred the first wheat varieties; and to the farmers of today, who've been making this. And you don't even know who they are. 
There is a big schism between the ones who make gospel animals and porn animals, but --  they do a lot of really cool stuff with balloons. 
And we haven't spent a lot of time talking about what that process is like. 
Nathan and his boss saw this, and they could not tolerate it. 
So they set out to make San Francisco a no-kill city: create an entire city where every dog and cat, unless it was ill or dangerous, would be adopted, not killed. 
Nathan and his boss went to the city council to get a change in the ordinance. 
And people from SPCAs and humane shelters around the country flew to San Francisco to testify against them -- to say it would hurt the movement and it was inhumane. 
We then went to the TV idea, that said if you had a big enough mouthpiece, if you could get on TV enough times, if you could buy enough ads, you could win. 
You can make a lot of change. You can get roads built. 
But now, thanks to the internet, thanks to the explosion of mass media, thanks to a lot of other things that are bubbling through our society around the world, tribes are everywhere. 
So when Al Gore set out to change the world again, he didn't do it by himself. 
And he didn't do it by buying a lot of ads. 
Because for a lot of people, that's what they're in it for: the connections that are being made, one to the other. 
They had almost five percent infected, and quite a big bubble in spite of being a small country, then. 
Then, Uganda started to turn back, whereas Zimbabwe skyrocketed, and some years later South Africa had a terrible rise of HIV frequency. 
It is only by stopping the transmission that the world will be able to deal with it. 
And you'll find Madagascar, and you'll find a lot of African countries about as low as the rest of the world. 
 And so it is in Africa -- it's a lot of difference. 
But that's very simplistic, so let's go down and look at Tanzania. 
There's a lot of things that we thought, that now, good research, done by African institutions and researchers together with the international researchers, show that that's not the case. 
Well, it is more common with multiple partners, there is less condom use, and there is age-disparate sex -- that is, older men tend to have sex with younger women. 
And what makes me so happy is that we are moving now towards fact when we look at this. 
♫ Made a deal with John Neal, on the road sold ten thousand ♫ ♫ WBA, that means a trip to Nashville ♫ ♫ Festplatte showed up and said them boys are naturals ♫ ♫ Can you hear what they were hearing? See what they were seeing? ♫ ♫ From Bronx to Berlin, we took the tour European ♫ ♫ All vocal yeah, we widit, call the album "What is it?" ♫ 
Slowly ideas lead to ideology, lead to policies that lead to actions. 
In the 1980s we had the Reagan revolution, which lead to deregulation. 
India is going to have a lot of young people with a demographic dividend for the next 30 years. 
Therefore India is at a critical point where either it can leverage its demographic dividend or it can lead to a demographic disaster. 
So we have come a long way from those days where the telephone has become an instrument of empowerment, and really has changed the way Indians think of technology. 
For some reason, whatever reason -- lack of money, lack of priorities, because of religion having an older culture -- primary education was never given the focus it required. 
The final thing is the notion of India as a single market -- because when you didn't think of India as a market, you didn't really bother about a single market, because it didn't really matter. 
Because of the historical Indian background, in the caste system, and because of the fact that there have been many people who have been left out in the cold, a lot of the politics is about how to make sure that we'll address that. 
A lot of the Indian problems are related to the ideology of caste and other things. 
That is leading to a lot of problems which we need to address. 
We really need to put in place a strategy so that we don't go to the other extreme of health. 
Therefore when you are a young country, again you have a chance to put in place a modern pension system so that you don't create entitlement problems as you grow old. 
And you must have a clear strategy which is important for India and important for the world. 
And thanks to the people of Interface, I have become a recovering plunderer. 
They went on to describe me as America's greenest CEO. 
Asked later in the Canadian documentary, "The Corporation," what I meant by the "go to jail" remark, I offered that theft is a crime. 
So we set out at Interface, in 1994, to create an example: to transform the way we made carpet, a petroleum-intensive product for materials as well as energy, and to transform our technologies so they diminished environmental impact, rather than multiplied it. 
So I can tell you how far we have come in the ensuing 12 years. 
Those new cyclical technologies have contributed mightily to the fact that we have produced and sold 85 million square yards of climate-neutral carpet since 2004, meaning no net contribution to global climate disruption in producing the carpet throughout the supply chain, from mine and well head clear to end-of-life reclamation -- independent third-party certified. 
We can see our way now, clear to the top of that mountain. 
But about five days later back in Atlanta, I received an email from Glenn Thomas, one of my people in the California meeting. 
Please meet "Tomorrow's Child." 
Tomorrow's child, my daughter, son, I'm afraid I've just begun to think of you and of your good, though always having known I should. 
And we have a choice to make during our brief, brief visit to this beautiful blue and green living planet: to hurt it or to help it. 
You know, I don't know how many of those you read, but it's not fun to read and often not fun to write -- even worse to write. 
I do it all day long, I want to write something a bit more free, less constrained." 
If you don't believe me, you can get the slide later and do some arts and crafts and see that they're identical. 
And worse -- not having an easy way to see them, because in visual illusions, we can easily demonstrate the mistakes; in cognitive illusion it's much, much harder to demonstrate the mistakes to people. 
You basically see two types of countries: countries on the right, that seem to be giving a lot; and countries on the left that seem to giving very little, or much less. 
You see, the Netherlands is kind of the biggest of the small group. 
And it's so complex that we don't know what to do. 
People who are well-paid, experts in their decisions, and who make a lot of them?" 
To the other group of physicians, they said, "Yesterday when you reviewed the case, you discovered there were two medications you didn't try out yet -- ibuprofen and piroxicam." 
You have two medications you didn't try out yet. 
Now, think of it: This decision makes it as easy to let the patient continue with hip replacement, but pulling him back, all of the sudden it becomes more complex. 
And they passed me from one person to another to another, until eventually I got to the person who was in charge of the website, and I called them up, and they went to check what was going on. 
People believe that when we deal with physical attraction, we see somebody, and we know immediately whether we like them or not, if we're attracted or not. 
 This of course has two very clear implications for life in general. 
 Something in the complex sensory-motor action of brushing her teeth was triggering orgasm. 
I asked this question to a brain death expert, Stephanie Mann, who was foolish enough to return my emails. 
 This is a guy writing a book, "Ideal Marriage," you know. 
But he wrote in this book, "Ideal Marriage" -- he said that he could differentiate between the semen of a young man, which he said had a fresh, exhilarating smell, and the semen of mature men, whose semen smelled, quote, "Remarkably like that of the flowers of the Spanish chestnut. 
In the 1900s, early 1900s, a lot of gynecologists believed that when a woman has an orgasm, the contractions serve to suck the semen up through the cervix and sort of deliver it really quickly to the egg, thereby upping the odds of conception. 
I loved this guy. I got a lot of mileage out of Theodoor van De Velde. 
They didn't buy it. 
In Denmark, the Danish National Committee for Pig Production found out that if you sexually stimulate a sow while you artificially inseminate her, you will see a six-percent increase in the farrowing rate, which is the number of piglets produced. 
There is posters they put in the barn, and they have a DVD. 
 And the happy result. 
Okay, with women, a lot of this is happening inside. 
There is a phallus, clear acrylic phallus, with a camera and a light source, attached to a motor that is kind of going like this. 
Two years ago here at TED I reported that we had discovered at Saturn, with the Cassini Spacecraft, an anomalously warm and geologically active region at the southern tip of the small Saturnine moon Enceladus, seen here. 
And we have found that the organic compounds coming from this moon are in fact more complex than we previously reported. 
And the tiny water crystals here now look for all the world like they are frozen droplets of salty water, which is a discovery that suggests that not only do the jets come from pockets of liquid water, but that that liquid water is in contact with rock. 
Forrest North: The beginning of any collaboration starts with a conversation. 
They went to look for these kids who were now 18 and 19. 
And although the circumstances of our lives may seem very distant, with me standing here as the First Lady of the United States of America, and you, just getting through school, I want you to know that we have very much in common. 
And she stayed at home to take care of me and my older brother. 
I am an example of what's possible when girls from the very beginning of their lives are loved and nurtured by the people around them. 
They taught me about what a respectful relationship should look like between men and women. 
And sometimes we settle for the world as it is, even when it doesn't reflect our values and aspirations. 
But Barack reminded us on that day, all of us in that room, that we all know what our world should look like. 
We know what fairness and justice and opportunity look like. 
Please remember that. 
I thought being smart was cooler than anything in the world. 
It doesn't matter whether you live in a small African village, or you live in a big city, everything comes back to plants in the end: whether it's for the food, the medicine, the fuel, the construction, the clothing, all the obvious things; or whether it's for the spiritual and recreational things that matter to us so much; or whether it's soil formation, or the effect on the atmosphere, or primary production. 
People come from all over the world to learn, and then they go away and plan exactly how they're going to collect these seeds. 
And I thought that if time could reach forwards and backwards infinitely, doesn't that mean that every point in time is really infinitely small, and therefore somewhat meaningless. 
  For those of you who I'll be fortunate enough to meet afterwards, you could please refrain from saying, "Oh my god, you're so much shorter in real life." 
I was invited to meet with leading educators from the newly free Eastern Europe and Russia. 
Since education under the Soviet Union was essentially propaganda serving the purposes of a state ideology, they appreciated that it would take wholesale transformations if they were to provide an education worthy of free men and women. 
Subject matters are broken up into smaller and smaller pieces, with increasing emphasis on the technical and the obscure. 
This aversion to social values may seem at odds with the explosion of community service programs. 
You can be sure Jefferson knew what he was talking about when he said, "If a nation expects to be ignorant and free in a state of civilization, it expects what never was, and never will be." 
Knowing that if we were to regain the integrity of liberal education, it would take radical rethinking of basic assumptions, beginning with our priorities. 
The value of the past also comes alive; it provides a lot of company. 
In this dramatically expanded ideal of a liberal arts education where the continuum of thought and action is its life's blood, knowledge honed outside the academy becomes essential. 
Think of it as a kind of secular church. 
The words on the card describe what will happen inside. 
The computer in your cellphone today is a million times cheaper, a million times smaller, a thousand times more powerful. 
That's a billion-fold increase in capability per dollar that we've actually experienced since I was a student. 
The logarithmic scale hides the scale of the increase, because this represents trillions-fold increase since the 1890 census. 
Look at this graph here.You could buy one transistor for a dollar in 1968. 
But we more than make up for that. 
And this has been a smooth progression since the beginning of the genome project. 
And we will have plenty of computation as we go through the 21st century to do things like simulate regions of the human brain. 
Alberta sand oil, a lot of pollution. 
If someday I can achieve something, I would like to say thank you daddy and mommy. 
The film is given for free to the distributor for TV and theater to show it the fifth of June. 
To finish, I would like to welcome the 4,700th baby born since the beginning of this talk. 
You were the better at spend and spend; I was the better at grubbing and heaping, But who was the better man in the end? 
Is that you were the better man, in the end; You were the better man, My friend. 
Every one of us had a mother, only one -- probably the most important person in your life, if you're lucky enough to know them. 
 Bright as a button. All the ducks in a row. 
Think you I could cease to care? 
Grown sick to our stomachs, and sick of our lives. 
So, in the end I begged a pack of Post-it notes off a nurse. 
This was my mental model of the world: exploding population, small planet; it's going to lead to ugly things. 
And the world's population expected to top out at something hopefully a bit less than 10 billion, late this century. 
So a lot of economists look at declining population and expect to see stagnation, maybe depression. 
In the cities, a lot of the cost of property is actually wrapped up in its speculative value. 
As wages increase that also lifts the burden on the poor and the working class. 
But look what happened in Europe after the plague: rising wages, land reform, technological innovation, birth of the middle class; and after that, forward-looking social movements like the Renaissance, and later the Enlightenment. 
And if you don't know how, please find me -- I will help you. 
And the power outlet needs to be smart enough to do it. 
I put up a somewhat dour Darwin, but a very happy chimp up there. 
Now another way we try to increase our happiness is we medicate ourselves. 
He said, "One feels inclined to say that the intention that man should be happy is not included in the plan of creation." 
We also find that people are more averse to losing than they are happy to gain. 
The formula for a happy marriage is five positive remarks, or interactions, for every one negative. 
Especially expressions of contempt or disgust, well you really need a lot of positives to upset that. 
I also put in here the stress response. 
Cortisol floods the brain; it destroys hippocampal cells and memory, and can lead to all kinds of health problems. 
We tend to think of emotions as just feelings. 
So when people's symptoms go away, they tend to recur, because there isn't a sense of the other half -- of what pleasure, happiness, compassion, gratitude, what are the positive emotions. 
So that the body can both look for opportunity and also protect itself from danger, at the same time. 
We don't seem to have a word for that. 
Babies really are born with a lot of innate pleasures. 
It makes something look so attractive that you just have to go after it. 
So if you want to unmask a true look of happiness, you will look for this expression. 
The other thing is, that a piece of evidence is, is if you look at computerized text analysis what you find there, and it's quite interesting, is use of the first person singular -- "I," "me," "my," not "we" and "us" -- and the letters are less hopeless than they are really alone. 
We are very acutely aware of our social status and always seek to further and increase it. 
Now in the animal world, there is only one way to increase status, and that's dominance. 
But the effect is relatively small. 
We discovered it. And what we found was that they have leaf-like structures on their toes, with millions of tiny hairs that look like a rug, and each of those hairs has the worst case of split-ends possible: about 100 to 1000 split ends that are nano-size. 
 Oh. One thing I want to point out is, look at Stickybot. 
You see something on it. It's not just to look like a gecko. 
So to conclude, I think we need to build biomutualisms, like I showed, that will increase the pace of basic discovery in their application. 
And it doesn't take long to go downhill. 
I couldn't come up with any ideas. 
So I went to my doctor. I said, "Doc, I can buy anything I want. But I'm not happy. I'm depressed. 
But money can't buy happiness." 
He said, "No. But it can buy Prozac." 
But in the end, business grew bigger than ever. 
It doesn't look like this; it really looks more like this. 
And if we want to avoid "success-to-failure-syndrome," we just keep following these eight principles, because that is not only how we achieve success, it's how we sustain it. 
And the wonderful thing about that is that I get to compare biospheres. 
Here in Biosphere 1, well it takes me about two minutes, because I pick up the phone and I call and say, "Hey, can you deliver the pizza?" 
And the very first day that this fellow, John Allen, walked in, to spend a couple of days in there with all the plants and animals and bacteria that we'd put in there to hopefully keep him alive, the doctors were incredibly concerned that he was going to succumb to some dreadful toxin, or that his lungs were going to get choked with bacteria or something, fungus. 
Well, in 1991 it was finally time for us to go in and try out this baby. 
When it came to our atmosphere, however, it wasn't that much of a joke over the long term, because it turned out that we were losing oxygen, quite a lot of oxygen. 
And I tell you, when you lose a lot of oxygen -- and our oxygen went down quite far; it went from 21 percent down to 14.2 percent -- my goodness, do you feel dreadful. 
We had one on the shuttle and one on the International Space Station, for 16 months, where we managed to produce the first organisms to go through complete multiple life cycles in space -- really pushing the envelope of understanding how malleable our life systems are. 
Around the world today we're seeing an incredible transformation, from what I would call a biocidal species, one that -- whether we intentionally or unintentionally -- have designed our systems to kill life, a lot of the time. 
Now it may not seem like it, but we are. 
It is happening all across the world, in every kind of walk of life, and every kind of career and industry that you can think of. 
And I think often times people get lost in that. 
And I would say that the small stuff counts. It really does. 
And all of Tucson could be like this if everybody would just revolt and throw away the rake. 
The small stuff counts. 
Now we may not all have another biosphere that we can run to, and compare it to this biosphere. 
I want to talk about the transformed media landscape, and what it means for anybody who has a message that they want to get out to anywhere in the world. 
Not to put too fine a point on it, the moment we're living through -- the moment our historical generation is living through -- is the largest increase in expressive capability in human history. 
The first one is the famous one, the printing press: movable type, oil-based inks, that whole complex of innovations that made printing possible and turned Europe upside-down, starting in the middle of the 1400s. 
 Now they might have liked to have done that here, rather than seeing these pictures go up online. 
A local official literally prostrated himself in the street, in front of these protesters, in order to get them to go away. 
Essentially to say, "We will do anything to placate you, just please stop protesting in public." 
But these are people who have been radicalized, because, thanks to the one child policy, they have lost everyone in their next generation. 
Someone who has seen the death of a single child now has nothing to lose. 
The classic media problem, from the 20th century is, how does an organization have a message that they want to get out to a group of people distributed at the edges of a network. 
Very expensive to do, so there is not a lot of competition. 
It is the green lines now, that are the source of the free content, which brings me to my last story. 
"Please get FISA right." 
This didn't please anybody. But then a funny thing happened in the conversation. 
Media, the media landscape that we knew, as familiar as it was, as easy conceptually as it was to deal with the idea that professionals broadcast messages to amateurs, is increasingly slipping away. 
And we would come in and talk to them, usually for about a week. 
These easy ideas to complex questions are very appealing when you are emotionally vulnerable. 
We're beginning to look inside the brain. 
Five to 10 thousand years! Now imagine this. 
Surgeons still had a bit of a PR problem, because the landscape was dominated by the itinerant barber surgeon. 
Surgery didn't hurt anymore, but it killed you pretty quickly. 
Laparoscopy is doing this kind of surgery: surgery with long instruments through small incisions. 
It looks very different from what you're expecting surgery to look like. 
And during that learning curve the complications went quite a bit higher. 
So what you need to do, to take the capability of your hand, and put it on the other side of that small incision, is you need to put a wrist on that instrument. 
And since this was introduced in 1999, a lot of these robots have been out and being used for surgical procedures like a prostatectomy, which is a prostate deep in the pelvis, and it requires fine dissection and delicate manipulation to be able to get a good surgical outcome. 
So something like a prostatectomy -- the prostate is small, and it's in one spot, and you can set your robot up very precisely to work in that one spot. 
Now, to do that, we need to be able to bring a camera and instruments in together through one small tube, like that tube you saw in the laparoscopy video. 
Many of you, all of you maybe, will at some point, or have already, faced a diagnosis of cancer, or heart disease, or some organ dysfunction that's going to buy you a date with a surgeon. 
I just want to say that we are applying this to many world problems: changing the drop-out rates of school kids, combating addictions, enhancing teen health, curing vets' PTSD with time metaphors -- getting miracle cures -- promoting sustainability and conservation, reducing physical rehabilitation where there is a 50-percent drop out rate, altering appeals to suicidal terrorists, and modifying family conflicts as time-zone clashes. 
If the reality is stagnation, I can only go up if you go down. 
It does increase security. 
It would be ideal to have a standard set of norms where, when we got to a post-conflict situation, there was an expectation of these mutual commitments from the three parties. 
There's one sector which isn't exposed to international trade, and which can generate a lot of jobs, and which is, in any case, a sensible sector to expand, post-conflict, and that is the construction sector. 
And then when you try and expand it, because it's shriveled away, you encounter a lot of bottlenecks. 
successfully to build a structure, using a lot of labor. 
And because the government would be funding it, So they wouldn't be provided thanks to the United States government and some NGO. 
So building clean government means, yes, provide money to the budget, but also provide a lot of scrutiny, which means a lot of technical assistance that follows the money. 
When philanthropy was reinvented a century ago, when the foundation form was actually invented, they didn't think of themselves on the wrong side of these either. 
In fact they would never have thought of themselves as closed and set in their ways, as slow to respond to new challenges, as small and risk-averse. 
Think of it as peer-to-peer philanthropy. 
Now, imagine for a second these first three types of experiments: mass collaboration, online marketplaces, aggregated giving. 
And imagine the mash-up, if you will, of these things, in the future, when these things come together in the experiments of the future -- imagine that somebody puts up, say, 100 million dollars for an inspiring goal -- there were 21 gifts of 100 million dollars or more in the US last year, not out of the question -- but only puts it up if it's matched by millions of small gifts from around the globe, 
What we're seeing is people really wrestling to describe what is this new thing that's happening. 
Many of you will realize that I'm ripping a bit off of the science fiction writer Vernor Vinge's notion of a technological singularity, where a number of trends accelerate and converge and come together to create, really, a shockingly new reality. 
And I want you to imagine that this a photograph of you. 
And I want you to imagine that it's 100 years from now, and your grandchild, or great-grandchild, or niece or nephew or god-child, is looking at this photograph of you. 
Now, many of you are probably saying, "Wait a sec, is this tough to do?" 
His dedication inspired me to come up with this expedition: a run to the South Pole where, with an interactive website, I will be able to bring young people, students and teachers from around the world on board the expedition with me, as active members. 
but if it's taught properly, it can be a lot of fun. 
Tinkering School is a place where kids can pick up sticks and hammers and other dangerous objects, and be trusted. 
Trusted not to hurt themselves, and trusted not to hurt others. 
 And the kids soon learn that all projects go awry --  and become at ease with the idea that every step in a project is a step closer to sweet success, or gleeful calamity. 
But it is a story of effort and struggle If you think of the great buildings, of the cathedrals, of the temples, of the pyramids, of pagodas, of cities in India and beyond, you think of how incredible this is that that was realized not by some abstract idea, but by people. 
And yet it is in times like this that I think architecture can thrive with big ideas, ideas that are not small. Think of the great cities. 
Think of the Empire State Building, the Rockefeller Center. 
There is a lot of appreciation for the kind of cool architecture. 
And I think we shouldn't shy away in architecture, You know, brain surgery, atomic theory, genetics, economics are complex complex fields. 
And I often think of the raw and the refined. 
What is raw? The raw, I would say is the naked experience, untouched by luxury, untouched by expensive materials, untouched by the kind of refinement that we associate with high culture. 
And so I do like something which is pointed, not blunt, something which is focused on reality, something that has the power, through its leverage, to transform even a very small space. 
You know it costs a lot of money and so on, but yes, it should not play it safe. 
And yet when I think of the poverty of society which doesn't give freedom to its people, I don't admire those buildings. 
It's such a complex project. 
You have to fight for what you believe. You don't always win everything you want to win. But you can steer the process. 
Despite the New York Times' and Vanity Fair's best efforts recently, they're not brothers.  And they were a lot of fun. 
We have a lot of cool celebrations that we're going to do. 
So now we're going to go through that door of furniture. 
It's just the things you try out to kind of make it work better. 
And there are a lot of fun things. This is the Museum of the Bench. 
And so we can compare and contrast the big ideas. 
The first again, is making ideas clear by visualizing them. 
And I believe that these three principles can be applied to solving some of the very tough problems that we face in the world today. Thanks so much. 
Well to explain that, I've got a short video clip to explain the Khmer Rouge regime during 1975 and 1979. 
I mean, from 1965 to 1973 there were more munitions that fell on Cambodia than in all of World War II Japan, including the two nuclear bombs of August 1945. 
That will know how to find Staph when it's in your body, and will alert your immune system to go after it. 
When I was a small boy, I took my pledge as an American, to save and faithfully defend from waste the natural resources of my country, its air, soil and minerals, its forests, waters and wildlife. 
Well, steal their own infrastructure, at first. 
There is a lot of people who think about all these poor people, "Oh there's terrible things. We've got to fix their housing." 
In Dharavi the slum performs not only a lot of services for itself, but it performs services for the city at large. 
So the maids and the gardeners and the guards that live in this lively part of town on the left walk to work, in the boring, rich neighborhood. 
And that will determine a lot of how we function. 
The climate news, I'm sorry to say, is going to keep getting worse than we think, faster than we think. 
From your standpoint this means a great increase in climate refugees and what goes along with that, which is resource wars and chaos wars, as we're seeing in Darfur. 
Of those, only nuclear and hydro are green. 
So, between coal and nuclear, compare their waste products. 
So and then when you compare the lifetime emissions of these various energy forms, nuclear is about even with solar and wind, and ahead of solar -- oh, I'm sorry -- with hydro and wind, and ahead of solar. 
And does nuclear really compete with coal? 
That's where you see some of the source, not from my fellow environmentalists, but from people who feel threatened by nuclear power. 
Well the good news is that the developing world, but frankly, the whole world, is busy building, and starting to build, nuclear reactors. 
I want to point out one interesting thing, which is that environmentalists like the thing we call micropower. 
It's interesting, say, to take a 25-megawatt, 25 million watts, and you compare it to the standard big iron of an ordinary Westinghouse or Ariva, which is 1.2, 1.6 billion watts. 
These things are way smaller. They're much more adaptable. 
Almost all of these are not only small, they are proliferation-proof. 
In terms of proliferation, nuclear energy has done more to dismantle nuclear weapons than any other activity. 
And I was glad to see that president Obama supported the nuclear fuel bank strategy when he spoke in Prague the other week. 
And they increase yield, which allows you to have your agricultural area be smaller, and therefore more wild area is freed up. 
But if we just say "OK, China, you're worried, you go ahead. 
In the studio we do a lot of experiments. 
This whole idea of sharing, the idea of constituting reality by overlapping what I say and what you say -- think of a movie. 
The small mountains in the foreground, they move more. 
If a waterfall is falling faster, it's a smaller waterfall which is closer by -- because the speed of falling water is pretty constant everywhere. 
Of course being an iconic city like New York, that has had an interest in somehow playing around with the sense of space, you could say that New York wants to seem as big as possible. 
Bob's on the table, and we take this sort of small needle, you know, not too big. 
So I did a few prototypes. I got a small little grant at Stanford. 
But if you have this gene, in utero your brain is bathed in this, so your whole brain becomes insensitive to serotonin, so it doesn't work later on in life. 
And so, if you have that gene, and you see a lot of violence in a certain situation, this is the recipe for disaster, absolute disaster. 
And if I was a young girl, somewhere in a violent area, you know, a 14 year old, and I want to find a mate, I'd find some tough guy, right, to protect me. 
Now what is so interesting and to some, the extent, what's a bit infamous about "The Origin of Species," is that there is only one line in it about human evolution. 
Because the problem there is just as severe, but it is more sinister, because vitamin D deficiency, from a lack of ultraviolet B radiation, is a major problem. 
This is Birhan, who was the Ethiopian girl who launched Live Aid in the 1980s, 15 minutes away from death when she was rescued, and that picture of her being rescued is one that went round the world. 
We now have the capacity to find common ground but who we will meet through the Internet and through all the modern means of communication; that we now have the capacity to organize and take collective action together to deal with the problem or an injustice that we want to deal with; and I believe that this makes this a unique age in human history, and it is the start of what I would call 
I was sitting next to Nelson Mandela -- I was very privileged to do so -- when Amy Winehouse came onto the stage.  And Nelson Mandela was quite surprised at the appearance of the singer and I was explaining to him at the time who she was. 
Take climate change. Is it not absolutely scandalous that we have a situation where we know that there is a climate change problem, where we know also that that will mean we have to give more resources to the poorest countries to deal with that, when we want to create a global carbon market, but there is no global institution that people have been able to agree upon to deal with this problem? 
One of the things that has got to come out of Copenhagen in the next few months is an agreement that there will be a global environmental institution that is able to deal with the problems of persuading the whole of the world to move along a climate-change agenda. 
It's perhaps harder than ever before to stay calm, to be free of career anxiety. 
A snob is anybody who takes a small part of you, and uses that to come to a complete vision of who you are. 
 Not necessarily your mother, or indeed mine, but, as it were, the ideal mother, somebody who doesn't care about your achievements. 
And that's a lot of the reason why we care so much about our careers and indeed start caring so much about material goods. 
Never before have expectations been so high about what human beings can achieve with their lifespan. We're told, from many sources, that anyone can achieve anything. 
There is one really big problem with this, and that problem is envy. 
It's made to feel, by magazines and other media outlets, that if you've got energy, a few bright ideas about technology, a garage -- you, too, could start a major thing. 
In other words, your position in life comes to seem not accidental, but merited and deserved. 
And that makes failure seem much more crushing. 
You'd think that person might have made a lot of money, achieved renown in some field. 
We hear a lot of talk about work-life balance. 
And the thing about a successful life is that a lot of the time, our ideas of what it would mean to live successfully are not our own. 
When we're told that banking is a very respectable profession, a lot of us want to go into banking. 
Because it's bad enough not getting what you want, but it's even worse to have an idea of what it is you want, and find out, at the end of the journey, that it isn't, in fact, what you wanted all along. 
But how do you reconcile this idea of it being bad to think of someone as a "loser," with the idea that a lot of people like, of seizing control of your life, and that a society that encourages that, perhaps has to have some winners and losers? 
You want to think, who would you like as your ideal dad? 
And your ideal dad is somebody who is tough but gentle. 
It's a letter from "Artforum" in 1967 saying "We can't imagine ever doing a special issue on electronics or computers in art." And they still haven't. 
So, from both directions, there is kind of, I think, a lack of understanding about what it could mean to be an artist who uses the materials of his own day, or her own day, which I think artists are obliged to do, is to really explore the expressive potential of the new tools that we have. 
A lot of my work is about trying to get away from this. 
How can we get away from the mouse and use our full bodies as a way of exploring aesthetic experiences, not necessarily utilitarian ones. 
And a lot of my experiences resemble mirrors in some way. 
So as people make shapes with their hands or their heads and so forth, or with each other, these shapes literally produce sounds and drop out of thin air -- basically taking what's often this, kind of, unseen space, or this undetected space, and making it something real, that people then can appreciate and become creative with. 
So 70 years on, there's been some research where cognitive psychologists have actually sussed out the extent to which, you know, L, M and B are more associated with shapes that look like this, and P, T and K are perhaps more associated with shapes like this. 
You know? They don't imagine the person in the booth, typing it all. 
So there is a lot of emotional communication that happens there. 
Okay. Ah, there is lots of nice bright video. 
But if I come up really close and stare directly at the camera on this laptop then you'll see these nice crisp eyes. 
You can think of it as a way of, sort of, typing, with your eyes. 
And I'm going to show a video of the older version of it, which is just a minute long. Okay. 
And I'm really happy to be here. Thank you so much. 
And they seem anxious to skirt around it and step over it and to talk about something else. 
That one is a naked biped. Why? 
We had to get up on our legs to peer over the tall grass, or to chase after animals, or to free our hands for weapons. 
The paleontologists themselves looked a bit more closely at the accompanying microfauna that lived in the same time and place as the hominids. 
And he called it hypothesis-free science. 
Let's look at our naked skin. 
This has come 'round to be that all those naked pachyderms have aquatic ancestors. 
But you can say that every animal that has become naked has been conditioned by water, in its own lifetime, or the lifetime of its ancestors. I think this is significant. 
The only exception is the naked Somalian mole-rat, which never puts its nose above the surface of the ground. 
Here you can't find anybody to compare it with, because we're the only animal that walks upright on two legs. 
David Attenborough thinks it's significant, as the possible beginning of our bipedalism. 
Trying to imagine a diver diving into water -- hardly makes a splash. 
Try to imagine a gorilla performing the same maneuver, and you can see that, compared with gorilla, we are halfway to being shaped like a fish. 
 And if you've got a scientific problem like that, you can't solve it by holding a head count, and saying, "More of us say yes than say no." 
If you look back at the early years of the last century, there was a stand-off, a lot of bickering and bad feeling between the believers in Mendel, and the believers in Darwin. 
 Because I'm older now than George Burns was when he said, "At my age, I don't even buy green bananas." 
The syllabus doesn't mention even the fact that we're naked, let alone look for a reason to it. 
Right. I'll go ahead with that. 
And secondly, he says, "You must never be afraid to rock the boat." 
He's seen that it's possible to have a different set of rules, rules where businesses earn a small profit, so they have an incentive to sign up more customers. 
In particular check out Asia. 
Back in the beginning of the data presented in this chart, China was the world's high-technology leader. 
It plots income, average income in China as a percentage of average income in the United States. 
If you go back to the map at night, you can get a clue to the process that lead to the dramatic change in rules in China. 
Hong Kong was a small bit of China that, for most of the 20th century, operated under a very different set of rules than the rest of mainland China -- rules that were copied from working market economies of the time, and administered by the British. 
So they created four special economic zones around Hong Kong: zones where Chinese could come and work, and cities grew up very rapidly there; also zones where foreign firms could come in and make things. 
If you try to change the rules in a village, you could do that, but a village would be too small to get the kinds of benefits you can get if you have millions of people all working under good rules. 
And, to achieve the kind of choices we want for leaders we need to allow for the potential for partnerships between nations: cases where nations work together, in effect, de facto, the way China and Britain worked together to build, first a little enclave of the market model, and then scale it throughout China. 
It's not. But it's important to recognize that the kind of emotions that come up when we start to think about these things, can get in the way, can make us pull back, can shut down our ability, and our interest in trying to explore new ideas. 
Perhaps even in some arrangement that's a little bit like an escrow account, where you put land in the escrow account and the partner nation takes responsibility for it. 
We'd dramatically reduce the human footprint on Earth And if these are cities governed by good rules, they can be cities where people are safe from crime, safe from disease and bad sanitation, where people have a chance to get a job. 
You wouldn't let academics out in the wild.  But, you could set us to work thinking about questions like, suppose it isn't just Canada that does the deal with Raul Castro. 
We all seem to think that, you know, if we look down on the ground, there's nothing there. 
And walked off. And I didn't expect that, because I expected one of these ... 
That was a bit crude, at the time. And I made all these little apartments and little merry-go-rounds, seesaws and swings, little ladders. 
My mother told me to take it smaller. 
So I'm thinking, "Mr. Huf isn't going to be very happy when I told him his house has gone to another, into the atmosphere somewhere." 
Because it's such a small sculpture, nothing can go wrong. 
And sometimes they turn into little catapults and things go up in the air. 
So there is sweat dripping off my head, because I have to carve Homer Simpson like that, in that position. 
If I'm not, it will end up looking not like what it's supposed to look like. 
The bottom of it is carved from a grain of sand, because I wanted to get a bit of the stone effect. 
Well, I can look at this one and I can be very proud of this, because that statue has always sort of kept an image in my head of, you know, the beginning of people coming to America. 
And made a needle look like the Hulk's broken it. 
It's very painstaking work, but the best things come in small packages. 
But they just don't seem to get through. 
Now I spent a lot of time in my garage, over the next weeks and months, and also in my kitchen -- much to the dismay of my wife.  However, after a few failed prototypes, I finally came up with this, the Lifesaver bottle. 
The smallest bacteria is about 200 nanometers. 
The smallest virus, on the other hand, is about 25 nanometers. 
Okay, I'm going to give you a bit of a demonstration. 
But I got to thinking, you know, if we were in the middle of a flood zone in Bangladesh, the water wouldn't look like this. 
Today I'm going to use a jug just to show you all. Let's get a bit of that poo in there. 
That's not dirty enough. Let's just stir that up a little bit. 
And most people knock them down when they're small. 
But it occurred to me, how in his small life had he already believed the myth that if something was that well done, that we must have done it. 
What's happening now, in this field called biomimicry, is that people are beginning to remember that organisms, other organisms, the rest of the natural world, are doing things very similar to what we need to do. 
So the engineer's boss said, "Find a way to quiet this train." 
So how does it keep its body free of bacteria build-up? 
Organisms don't think of CO2 as a poison. 
Plants and organisms that make shells, coral, think of it as a building block. 
They've borrowed the recipe from the coral reef, and they're using CO2 as a building block in cement, in concrete. 
Now it's reversing that equation, and actually sequestering half a ton of CO2 thanks to the recipe from the coral. 
This algorithm has been put into a software program that's now being used to make bridges lightweight, to make building beams lightweight. 
Nanotechnology, nanoparticles, you hear a lot of worry about this. 
But then right after that, they emit a protein that actually gathers and aggregates those nanoparticles so that they fall out of solution. 
And one of the largest fields right now, in the world of energy grids, you hear about the smart grid. 
And they're creating -- you can think of it as a kind of wallpaper. 
And it's based on the cochlear of your ear, able to pick up internet, wireless, television signals and radio signals, in the same chip. 
One of the big ideas, one of the big projects I've been honored to work on is a new website. And I would encourage you all to please go to it. 
It's been a tough journey for me, traveling the world, telling my story in form of a book. 
It was somebody sitting somewhere manipulating the system, and using religion to get what they want to get out of us, which is the oil, the diamond, the gold and the land. 
Your empty bellies on the telly and now it's you that I'm fighting for. 
And so the power music has I normally compare to the power love when love doesn't see a color. 
♫ Me! What would I be? Me! ♫ ♫ If Emma never rescued me? ♫ ♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ What would I be? Me! ♫ ♫ Another starving refugee ♫ ♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ What would I be? Me! ♫ ♫ If Emma never rescued me? Yeah! Yeah!♫ ♫ Yeah, Yeah! ♫ ♫ I would have probably died from starvation ♫ ♫ Or some other wretched disease ♫ 
♫ I would have grown up with no education ♫ ♫ Just another refugee ♫ ♫ I stand here because somebody cared ♫ ♫ I stand here because somebody dared ♫ ♫ I know there is a lot of Emmas out there ♫ ♫ Who is willing and trying to save a life of a child ♫ ♫ What would I be? Me! ♫ ♫ If Emma never rescued me? ♫ 
♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ Another starving refugee ♫ ♫ I remember the time when I was small ♫ ♫ When I couldn't read or write at all ♫ ♫ Now I'm all grown up, I got my education ♫ ♫ The sky is the limit and I can't be stopped by no one ♫ ♫ How I prayed for this day to come ♫ 
♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ If Emma never rescued me? ♫ ♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ Another starving refugee ♫ ♫ What would I be? ♫ ♫ If Emma never rescued me? ♫ ♫ Yeah, Yeah ♫ ♫ Yeah, I would have probably died from starvation ♫ ♫ Or some other wretched disease ♫ ♫ I would have grown up with no education ♫ ♫ Just another refugee ♫ 
I mean, I'm an American. I believe in free markets. 
But for a lot of tasks, they actually either don't work or, often, they do harm. 
What's alarming here is that our business operating system -- think of the set of assumptions and protocols beneath our businesses, how we motivate people, how we apply our human resources-- it's built entirely around these extrinsic motivators, around carrots and sticks. 
 If-then rewards work really well for those sorts of tasks, where there is a simple set of rules and a clear destination to go to. 
Are the problems that you face, or even the problems we've been talking about here, do they have a clear set of rules, and a single solution? 
And the offered them, for performance, three levels of rewards: small reward, medium reward, large reward. 
People offered the medium level of rewards did no better than people offered the small rewards. 
In eight of the nine tasks we examined across three experiments, higher incentives led to worse performance. 
And if we really want to get out of this economic mess, if we really want high performance on those definitional tasks of the 21st century, the solution is not to do more of the wrong things, to entice people with a sweeter carrot, or threaten them with a sharper stick. 
You don't see a lot of it, but you see the first stirrings of something really interesting going on, what it means is paying people adequately and fairly, absolutely -- getting the issue of money off the table, and then giving people lots of autonomy. 
Engineers use this time to come up with a cool patch for code, come up with an elegant hack. 
So, if we repair this mismatch between science and business, if we bring our motivation, notions of motivation into the 21st century, if we get past this lazy, dangerous, ideology of carrots and sticks, we can strengthen our businesses, we can solve a lot of those candle problems, and maybe, maybe -- we can change the world. 
Built the Tesla coil. This tower was built on Long Island back at the beginning of the 1900s. 
Almost immediately, though, people ask, "How small can you make this? Can you make this small enough?" 
It also has coiled electronics that WiTricity has put into the back of it. 
So, imagine these things could go ... they could go in your ceiling. 
So that when you walk in or you come in from home, if you carry a purse, it works in your purse. 
And think of what that would do for you. 
Western world is a long life in a small family. 
Whether the man and woman decide to have small family, and take care of their kids, and how long they will live. 
They had small families and long life. 
They catch up. There's Mexico. 
But if I would change this axis here, I would instead put income per person. 
By the way, I'm teaching you how to use our website, Gapminder World, while I'm correcting this, because this is a free utility on the net. 
So they come in with the two perspectives I have, you know? 
We have the high income countries here, with the United States as a leading power; we have the emerging economies in the middle, which provide a lot of the funding for the bailout; and we have the low income countries here. 
That's why it's so problematic to describe what has happened in the developing world. 
 And it is my task, on behalf of the rest of the world, to convey a thanks to the U.S. taxpayers, for Demographic Health Survey. 
And providing data free of charge on the internet, for the world to use. Thank you very much. 
It's just that we would like to upgrade our international agencies to deal with the world in the modern way, as we do. 
And when it comes to free data and transparency, United States of America is one of the best. 
And we had an increase in income. 
And our ability to imagine is what makes us explorers. 
Our ability to imagine makes us inventors and creators and unique. 
At the beginning of the show, for example, Zero deejays dream and reality. 
So this is, relatively, a new show that we're now beginning to tour. 
And in Austin, Texas, I was asked to give small demonstrations in schools during the afternoon. 
When I arrived at one of the schools, I certainly did not expect this: Six hundred kids, packed in a gymnasium, waiting. 
And that usually, if you're a bit extraordinary, if you're not exactly of human appearance, then people will feel inclined to participate and to feel out loud. 
It's as though the mystery of the person they're interacting with and connecting allows them to be themselves just a bit more. 
I have seen sick kids and sad parents and doctors be lifted and transported in moments of pure joy. 
And when you go into the supermarket, you certainly don't see a lot of choices there. 
Now, imagine each one of these varieties as being distinct from another about the same way as a poodle from a Great Dane. 
It's a bit of a personal example, in fact. 
I wouldn't tell them what it was, but it was in alphabetical order, and I would tell them to look for their names, their family names, their mother's maiden name. 
See, we used to have a lot of apples. 
The other thing is that maybe that Fowler apple or maybe a variety of wheat that's not economical right now has disease or pest resistance or some quality that we're going to need for climate change that the others don't. 
Think of diversity as giving us options. 
In the future, later this century, it's going to look like the red, totally out of bounds. 
By 2030, if the maize, or corn, varieties, which is the dominant crop -- 50 percent of the nutrition in Southern Africa are still in the field -- in 2030, we'll have a 30 percent decrease in production of maize because of the climate change already in 2030. 
30 percent decrease of production in the context of increasing population, that's a food crisis. It's global in nature. 
We will watch children starve to death on TV. 
We have collected and conserved a great deal of biological diversity, agricultural diversity, mostly in the form of seed, and we put it in seed banks, which is a fancy way of saying a freezer. 
It's a remarkably beautiful landscape. I can't even begin to describe it to you. 
I think of it as sort of a cathedral. 
And I know that this tags me as a bit of a nerd, but ... 
I think it's interesting in that this facility, I think, is almost the only thing I can think of these days where countries, literally, every country in the world -- because we have seeds from every country in the world -- all the countries of the world have gotten together to do something that's both long term, sustainable and positive. 
I can't think of anything else that's happened in my lifetime that way. 
Because I challenge you to think of an effective, efficient, sustainable solution to climate change if we don't have crop diversity. 
There are a lot of people who would love to have this diversity exist just for the existence value of it. 
My big idea would be that while we think of it as commonplace to endow an art museum or endow a chair at a university, we really ought to be thinking about endowing wheat. 
How do you deal with the industry? 
We don't have any very clear maps, any compass to guide us. 
There's a definition of leadership which says, "It's the ability to use the smallest possible crisis for the biggest possible effect." 
And I want to talk about how we ensure that this crisis, which is by no means small, really is used to the full. 
I want to start just by saying a bit about where I'm coming from. 
But when I was here, a lot of my fellow teenagers were in a very different situation, leaving school at a time then of rapidly growing youth unemployment, and essentially hitting a brick wall in terms of their opportunities. 
And I spent quite a lot of time with them rather than in punts. 
H.L. Mencken once said that, "to every complex problem, there is a simple solution and it's wrong." 
We commuted longer to work, but as you can see from this graph, the longer you commute the less happy you're likely to be. 
And I'm a very small part of this. 
And I'm a very small part of a very large movement, which for some people is about survival, but is also about values, about a different kind of economy, which isn't so much about consumption and credit, but about things which matter to us. 
And everywhere too, you can see a proliferation of time banks and parallel currencies, people using smart technologies to link up all the resources freed up by the market -- people, buildings, land -- and linking them to whomever has got the most compelling needs. 
Because it's already clear how much of the enormous amount of money they put into the economy, really went into fixing the past, bailing out the banks, the car companies, not preparing us for the future. 
And everywhere, as people think about the unprecedented sums which are being spent of our money and our children's money, now, in the depth of this crisis, they're asking: Surely, we should be using this with a longer-term vision to accelerate the shift to a green economy, to prepare for aging, to deal with some of the inequalities which scar countries like this and the United States rather than just giving the money to the incumbents? 
And, after all this, as the great Chinese sage Lao Tzu said, "Governing a great country is like cooking a small fish. 
You can see a bit of the same thing happening in the business world. 
But we also know it's only through experiment that we'll discover exactly how to run a low carbon city, how to care for a much older population, how to deal with drug addiction and so on. 
Some famous ones like the Open University, which has 110,000 students, the University of the Third Age, which has nearly half a million older people teaching other older people, as well as strange things like DIY garages and language lines and schools for social entrepreneurs. 
And what people are beginning to ask is: Surely, just as we invest in R and D, two, three, four percent, of our GDP, of our economy, what if we put, let's say, one percent of public spending into social innovation, into elder care, new kinds of education, new ways of helping the disabled? 
Perhaps we'd achieve similar productivity gains in society to those we've had in the economy and in technology. 
I think what this is all about, this whole movement which is growing from the margins, remains quite small. 
In recent years, a lot of intelligent people thought that capitalism had basically won. 
Even Fidel Castro now says that the only thing worse than being exploited by multinational capitalism is not being exploited by multinational capitalism. 
It will be worse at the end of this year, quite possibly worse in a year's time than it is today. 
So, if we have a quick look at the history of cymatics beginning with the observations of resonance, by Da Vinci, Galileo, the English scientist Robert Hook and then Ernest Chladni. 
More about that a bit later on. 
In the old days of the silent movies -- Harold Lloyd here, hanging famously from the clock hands -- a lot of these guys did their own stunts. They were quite remarkable. 
Here's a bit more. 
But we have padding, and fantastic shock-absorbing things like Sorbothane -- the materials that help us, when we're hit like this, not to hurt ourselves too much. 
Even then, I caught seven G and lost a bit of consciousness on the way in. 
What's interesting about high falls is that although we use airbags, and some airbags are quite advanced, they're designed so you don't slip off the side like you used to, if you land a bit wrong. So, they're a much safer proposition. 
Completely in the safety of a studio, and yet with the green screen we can have some moving image that a skydiver took, and put in the sky moving and the clouds whizzing by. 
And just how brave he was in 1960, bear in mind. 
My balloon will expand to 500 times and look like a big pumpkin when it's at the top. 
He didn't know if he would live or die. This is an extremely brave man. 
A drogue chute is just a smaller chute which helps to keep your face down. 
I did quite a lot of research. 
So I've had to do quite a lot of training. 
And so we expect -- it's not much fun. 
I've even skydived in it in a wind tunnel, which means that I can practice everything I need to practice, in safety, before I ever jump out of anything. Thanks very much, Costa. 
And the great irony and tragedy of our time is that a lot of the general public thinks that science is still arguing about that. 
I hadn't realized it was based on concrete measurements of what the paleoclimates -- the ancient climates -- were, as recorded in the ice sheets, as recorded in deep ocean sediments, as recorded in lake sediments, tree rings, and a lot of other ways of measuring temperature. 
There's a lot of people working on this right now. 
And we've spent a lot of time in the field. It's been a fantastic amount of work. 
You know, scientists have collected this kind of information off and on over the years, but a lot of it stays within the science community. 
Similarly, a lot of art projects stay in the art community, and I feel very much a responsibility through mechanisms like TED, and like our relationship with the Obama White House, with the Senate, with John Kerry, to influence policy as much as possible with these pictures as well. 
Number one: temperature and carbon dioxide in the atmosphere go up and down basically in sync. 
Nature naturally has allowed carbon dioxide to go up to 280 parts per million. 
That's the crux, and someday I hope to emblazon that across Times Square in New York and a lot of other places. 
We're going to be up there in just a few more weeks, and we expect that it's probably retreated another half a mile, but if I got there and discovered that it had collapsed and it was five miles further back, I wouldn't be the least bit surprised. 
These great ice islands break off -- and now watch this. 
The smaller the ice mass, the faster it responds to climate. 
And there's been a tremendous increase in the temperature up there. 
So, imagine how big this is and how much ice is charging out. 
The block was three-fifths of a mile deep, and if you compare the expanse of the calving face to the Tower Bridge in London, about 20 bridges wide. 
Or if you take an American reference, to the U.S. Capitol Building and you pack 3,000 Capitol Buildings into that block, it would be equivalent to how large that block was. 
Now I've come to the conclusion after spending a lot of time in this climate change world that we don't have a problem of economics, technology and public policy. 
Fortunately, a lot of the political leaders in the major countries of the world are an elite audience that for the most part gets it now. 
But we still need to bring a lot of people along with us. 
  I'm sorry, but there is no other way to describe it. 
I had to see it from the beginning all the way to the end. 
I remember just trying to get out of the water. 
Narrator : We're just sailing out of harbor now, and it's at this stage when one can have a bit of a wobble mentally. 
The second thing we need to do is we need to just look back at how far we have come in such a short period of time. 
So it's maybe not surprising he thinks it was mean of Ivan to take Joshua's sandwich, since he thinks Ivan only took Joshua's sandwich to avoid having to eat his own dirty sandwich. 
And we can compare that to another case, where everything in the real world is the same. 
Whereas if she thinks the powder was poison, even though it's really sugar, now people say she deserves a lot of blame, even though what happened in the real world was exactly the same. 
And what you can see is, on the left when there was very little activity in this brain region, people paid little attention to her innocent belief and said she deserved a lot of blame for the accident. 
Whereas on the right, where there was a lot of activity, people paid a lot more attention to her innocent belief, and said she deserved a lot less blame for causing the accident. 
This is a tool that lets us pass a magnetic pulse through somebody's skull, into a small region of their brain, and temporarily disorganize the function of the neurons in that region. 
Okay, so it causes a small involuntary contraction in my hand by putting a magnetic pulse in my brain. 
And even in adulthood, differences in this brain region can explain differences among adults in how we think about and judge other people. 
It's quite hard, actually, to get those very small changes. 
The changes I showed you are impressive to me because of what they tell us about the function of the brain, but they're small on the scale of the moral judgments that we actually make. 
And so, I think of what I'm doing not so much as studying the defendant in a criminal trial, but studying the jury. 
CA: Is your work going to lead to any recommendations in education, to perhaps bring up a generation of kids able to make fairer moral judgments? 
CA: So I've got one last question. There is this thing called the hard problem of consciousness, that puzzles a lot of people. 
Why does it seem to require these beings who sense things for us to operate? 
I mean, what chances do you think there are that at some time in your career, someone, you or someone else, is going to come up with some paradigm shift in understanding what seems an impossible problem? 
I refer to organized crime. 
This event meant a great deal to me personally. 
So what was a business man in the brave new world of East European capitalism going to do to make sure that his contracts would be honored? 
We prefer to know them as the mafia. 
And what I noticed at the beginning of my research that the Balkans had turned into a vast transit zone for illicit goods and services coming from all over the world. 
The European Union, which by now was beginning to reap the benefits of globalization, transforming it into the most affluent consumer market in history, eventually comprising some 500 million people. 
The last two decades have been the champagne era for dirty lucre. 
And a lot of licit banks were also happy to accept deposits from very dubious sources without questions being asked. 
Since the beginning of globalization, the global narcotics market has expanded enormously. 
There has, however, been no concomitant increase in the resources available to police forces. 
I expect some of you remember the ILOVEYOU virus, one of the very great worldwide viruses that came. 
These are mosquitos who carry the malarial parasite which infests our blood when the mosy has had a free meal at our expense. 
And they fear that the reason why it's developing a resistance is because Cambodians can't afford the drugs on the commercial market, and so they buy it from the Internet. 
Which is why the parasite is beginning to develop a resistance. 
The design process was really tough, almost like a struggle for survival, but gradually an idea evolved: this sort of idea of a rational tower that melts together with the surrounding city, sort of expanding the public space onto what we refer to as a Scandinavian version of the Spanish Steps in Rome, but sort of public on the outside, as well as on the inside, with the library. 
But Darwin doesn't only explain the evolution of a single idea. 
When we submitted it for the Swedish competition we thought it was a really cool scheme, but it didn't exactly look like something from the north of Sweden. 
And we had the chance to explain the project. 
And we thought, sustainability has grown into being this sort of neo-Protestant idea that it has to hurt in order to do good. 
You know, it's one of the biggest countries in the world, one of the smallest. 
We have a free system of bicycles called the City Bike that you can borrow if you visit the city. 
So we thought that these expos quite often have a lot of state financed propaganda, images, statements, but no real experience. 
But in fact, the container ships go full of goods from China to Denmark, and then they sail empty back. 
And he said that he was going to do an apartment block next to a parking structure. 
And we thought, rather than doing a traditional stack of apartments looking straight into a big boring block of cars, why don't we turn all the apartments into penthouses, put them on a podium of cars. 
Then we sort of cut up the volume, so we wouldn't block the view from my apartment. 
And since we always refer to the project as The Mountain, we commissioned this Japanese Himalaya photographer to give us this beautiful photo of Mount Everest, making the entire building a 3,000 square meter artwork. 
So, the Mountain is like our first built example of what we like to refer to as architectural alchemy. 
So he asked us if we could actually imagine an urban master plan on an island outside the capital that would recreate the silhouette of the seven most significant mountains of Azerbaijan. 
And we made this small movie that I'd like to show. 
 Try as he might, he couldn't get away from her. 
A few days later he received a letter from a constituent saying how much she admired him, had met him at a fete and asking for a signed photograph. 
So, bright guy, could be wrong on that one, I don't know. 
Livers and internal organs sort of take a bit longer. A spine takes several years. 
Nobody ever will. They're smaller than the wavelength of light. 
Five out of the 100 billion galaxies, with the naked eye, and one of them is quite difficult to see unless you've got very good eyesight. 
They don't seem to be of our creation. 
They don't seem to be under our control. 
They seem to come from the outside, and to mimic perception. 
I see a lot of children. They are walking up and down stairs. 
They wear bright colors, rose and blue, like Eastern dress." 
Sometimes, she said, before the people come on, she may hallucinate pink and blue squares on the floor, which seem to go up to the ceiling. 
She was a bright old lady, perfectly sane. She had no medical problems. 
I see a lot of elderly people who are hearing impaired or visually impaired. 
It's typical of these hallucinations that they may come in a flash and disappear in a flash. 
A lot of them had to do with a car. 
You're in these levels of inferior visual cortex where you have thousands and tens of thousands and millions of images, or figments, or fragmentary figments, all neurally encoded in particular cells or small clusters of cells. 
Think of the number of blind people. 
Now, 250 years later, I think we're beginning to glimpse how this is done. 
Oliver Sacks: I was afraid you'd ask that. 
 Well, yeah, a lot of them. 
And when I see all these hexagons and complex things, which I also have, in visual migraine, I wonder whether everyone sees things like this, and whether things like cave art or ornamental art may have been derived from them a bit. 
♫ Just going to sweat it out? ♫ ♫ Just going to sweat it out? ♫ ♫ Wait it out ♫  
My name is Jonathan Zittrain, and in my recent work I've been a bit of a pessimist. 
So I thought this morning I would try to be the optimist, and give reason to hope for the future of the Internet Now, it may seem like there is less hope today than there was before. 
So unusual, in fact, that it was said that it's not clear the Internet could work. 
I'm pleased to say that, thanks to massive government funding, about three years ago we finally figured out how bees fly. 
You need a lot of trust, but it's not like, "I'm trying to get to Pensacola, please." 
In rare but striking instances, a single lie told by just one entity in this honeycomb can lead to real trouble. 
This is a common occurrence. Governments everywhere are often trying to block and filter and censor content on the Internet. 
Well this one ISP in Pakistan chose to effectuate the block for its subscribers in a rather unusual way. 
Which meant that packets of data from subscribers going to YouTube stopped at the ISP, since they thought they were already there, and the ISP threw them away unopened because the point was to block it. 
 I was trying to think of the right model to describe this form of random acts of kindness by geeky strangers. 
 I have a theory I can explain later. 
The film, without his permission or even knowledge at first, found its way onto the Internet. 
 Yeah, I know. Number four, it's like, can you imagine coming home to that cat everyday? 
 No. I think the actual answer is that once you reframe it, once you get out of one set of stale expectations from a failed project that had its day, but now, for whatever reason, is tarnished, you can actually rekindle the kind of human kindness and sharing that something like this on Craigslist represents. 
So governments from Russia to China to Iran are actually hiring, training and paying bloggers in order to leave ideological comments and create a lot of ideological blog posts to comment on sensitive political issues. Right? 
So the more you block it, the more it emboldens people to actually avoid the censorship and thus win in this cat-and-mouse game. 
So they immediately began posting a lot of critical comments. 
Within days the entire incident was forgotten, which would have never happened if they simply tried to block the content. 
And finally, the purpose of any authoritarian deliberation efforts is usually to increase the legitimacy of the regimes, both at home and abroad. 
Right? So they can go online and contribute ideas on what that region would look like by the year 2020. 
So it does play a social role, however it may not necessarily lead to political engagement. 
So the way I tend to think of it is like a hierarchy of cyber-needs in space, a total rip-off from Abraham Maslow. 
Because of the hunger, I was forced to drop out of school. 
I felt very happy to be at the secondary school, so I was determined to do anything possible to receive education. 
It was one light at first. 
 And the reporters came too, which lead to bloggers and which lead to a call from something called TED. 
This is a nuclear waste storage and encapsulation facility at Hanford site in Washington State, where there are over 1,900 stainless steel capsules containing nuclear waste submerged in water. 
They carry over 60 million simultaneous voice conversations, and in a lot of the government and technology sites there was just this very apparent vulnerability. 
 And this is ... a division of the Library of Congress produces a free national library service and the publications they choose to publish are based on reader popularity. 
 This is an avian quarantine facility where all imported birds coming into America are required to undergo a 30-day quarantine, where they are tested for diseases including Exotic Newcastle Disease and Avian Influenza. 
This is the Death Star. 
I investigate photography's ability to blur truth and fiction, and its influence on memory, which can lead to severe, even lethal consequences. 
He served 18 years of a death sentence. 
Ron Williamson. Ron was convicted of the rape and murder of a barmaid at a club, and served 11 years of a death sentence. 
And the state's key witness in Ron's case was, in the end, the actual perpetrator. 
Ronald Jones served eight years of a death sentence for rape and murder of a 28-year-old woman. 
Today there is a raging debate as to how best we lift people out of poverty, how best we release their energies. 
That when it comes to the rich, we'll bail out and we'll hand a lot of aid, but when it comes to our poor brethren, we want little to do with it. 
They point to the successes of aid: the eradication of smallpox, and the distribution of tens of millions of malaria bed nets and antiretrovirals. 
It recognizes that the market has its limitation, and so patient capital also works with smart subsidy to extend the benefits of a global economy to include all people. 
And so many low-income people have seen so many failed promises broken and seen so many quacks and sporadic medicines offered to them that building trust takes a lot of time, takes a lot of patience. 
It also requires being connected to a lot of management assistance. 
It was a way of bringing small amounts of water directly to the stalk of the plant. 
The average small village farmer works on two acres or less. 
The drip irrigation system had to be small enough that a farmer only had to risk a quarter acre, even if he had two, because it was too frightening, given all that he had at stake. 
What I mean is with the profits from the first quarter acre, the farmers could buy a second and a third and a fourth. 
So that in the terrorist attacks of November they were the first responder, and are now beginning to scale, because of partnership. 
For that is what we'll need, as we move forward to dream and imagine what it will really take to build a global economy that includes all of us, and to finally extend that fundamental proposition that all men are created equal to every human being on the planet. 
Just think of all those sunflowers in the desert. 
Border conflicts can derail so much of the progress that we hope to achieve here. 
Stalin, Khrushchev and other Soviet leaders forced Russians out to the far east to be in gulags, labor camps, nuclear cities, whatever the case was. 
Siberia most of you probably think of as a cold, desolate, unlivable place. 
Now maybe this is what the map of the region might look like in 10 to 20 years. 
The Asian free trade zone, almost free trade zone, that's emerging now has a greater trade volume than trade across the Pacific. 
Now what might this entire region look like if in fact we focus on other lines on the map besides borders, when the insecurities might abate? 
A great deal of them. 
Then there is Turkmenistan, which most people think of as a frozen basket case. 
The E.U. also became a currency block, and is now the most powerful trade block in the entire world. 
That not only helps Europe diminish its reliance on Russia for energy, but if you travel to North Africa today, you'll hear more and more people saying that they don't really think of their region as the Middle East. 
The post-colonial entropy that is happening around the world is accelerating, and I expect more such changes to occur in the map as the states fragment. 
Now let's go up to the Arctic Circle. 
So Denmark is about to get a whole lot smaller. 
We fear civil wars, death tolls, having to learn the names of new countries. 
But I believe that the inertia of the existing borders that we have today is far worse and far more violent. 
Now, I'm a fairly slow learner, but eventually it occurred to me that maybe what passed for design wasn't all that important -- making things more attractive, making them a bit easier to use, making them more marketable. 
But I think this small view of design is a relatively recent phenomenon, and in fact really emerged in the latter half of the 20th century as design became a tool of consumerism. 
Now, what Brunel said that he wanted to achieve for his passengers was the experience of floating across the countryside. 
Systems thinkers who were reinventing the world, to a priesthood of folks in black turtlenecks and designer glasses working on small things. 
And as we see this reemergence of design thinking and we see it beginning to tackle new kinds of problems, there are some basic ideas that I think we can observe that are useful. 
Now, prototypes speed up the process of innovation, because it is only when we put our ideas out into the world that we really start to understand their strengths and weaknesses. 
And I think it's partly their prototyping mentality that really allowed them to achieve the breakthrough. 
Instead of seeing its primary objective as consumption, design thinking is beginning to explore the potential of participation -- the shift from a passive relationship between consumer and producer to the active engagement of everyone in experiences that are meaningful, productive and profitable. 
So in one of their projects called Southwark Circle, they worked with residents in Southwark, South London and a small team of designers to develop a new membership organization to help the elderly with household tasks. 
Designs were refined and developed with 150 older people and their families before the service was launched earlier this year. 
We can take this idea of participation perhaps to its logical conclusion and say that design may have its greatest impact when it's taken out of the hands of designers and put into the hands of everyone. 
But I'd like to go back to Brunel here, and suggest a connection that might explain why this is happening now, and maybe why design thinking is a useful tool. 
But before we go through that process of divergence, there is actually quite an important first step. 
So instead of having a bunch of American designers come up with new ideas that may or may not have been appropriate, we took a sort of more open, collaborative and participative approach. 
So for me, this project shows kind of how far we can go from some of those sort of small things at the beginning of my career. 
But you know you'd never know it a lot of the time, that this was so central to the religious life. 
We can either go on bringing out or emphasizing the dogmatic and intolerant aspects of our faith, or we can go back to the rabbis. Rabbi Hillel, the older contemporary of Jesus, who, when asked by a pagan to sum up the whole of Jewish teaching while he stood on one leg, said, "That which is hateful to you, do not do to your neighbor. 
Religious teaching must always lead to action. 
And perhaps above all, to encourage a sensitivity about uncompassionate speaking, so that because people have this Charter, whatever their beliefs or lack of them, they feel empowered to challenge uncompassionate speech, from their religious leaders, their political leaders, from the captains of industry. 
And of course the problems sometimes seem insuperable. 
I never deal with images. 
Because I've noticed a very small symmetry in the profile of one of the planet host stars. 
In the core, we have thermonuclear reactions going on, creating chemical elements. 
Sometimes we have to deal with just one tiny, weak spectral line to measure the composition of that chemical element in the atmosphere. 
It was incredible. The only conclusion we could make from this is clear evidence that there was a supernova explosion in this system, which polluted the atmosphere of this star. 
And later a black hole was formed in a binary system, which is still there with a mass of about five solar masses. 
And later we went to study the spectral stars to see is there anything strange with these objects. 
Now to go ahead with this, we really need to understand chemical evolution of the universe. 
How to measure, if we have planets where the amount of those elements is small, so those planets are tectonically dead, there cannot be life. 
Because can you imagine everything boiling? 
You can see the spectrum of the Earth, this Earthshine spectrum, and that is a very clear signal. 
Now imagine doing this test for other planets. 
So it's something which you can always refer to SETI and say, "Well, somebody must be doing this, somehow." 
It is the spectrum of a planet like Earth, showing a presence of nitrogen dioxide, as a clear signal of life, and oxygen and ozone. 
I likely already look forward to the weekend on Thursdays. 
I am not a religious person myself, but I did look for nature. 
And then I told as many, many people as I possibly could about it so that there was no way that I could chicken out later on. 
Because of the improved quality, we could ask for higher prices. 
Or there's a smaller contemporary orchestra, 12 people that remixes its own title. 
And with the help of 100 volunteers, over a week, created this fairly floral typography that spelled, "Obsessions make my life worse and my work better." 
Just a bit too ornamental. 
Video:  And I'm happy I'm alive. 
I'm happy I'm alive. I'm happy I'm alive. 
Well, to answer the slightly easier question first, about 10,000 years ago, I would say, is the beginning of this process in the ancient Near East, known as the Fertile Crescent. 
But of course not all of them were that small. 
I feel a bit like a weather woman doing this. Anyway, and so the birds were coming in with their feet protected with little canvas shoes. 
You can actually see how it was physically shaped by food, both by reading the names of the streets, which give you a lot of clues. 
Friday Street, in a previous life, is where you went to buy your fish on a Friday. 
But also you have to imagine it full of food. 
And then 10 years later everything changed. 
They're being slaughtered out of sight and mind, somewhere in the countryside. 
It's the final emancipation of the city from any apparent relationship with nature at all. 
So I've come up with an alternative, which is Sitopia, from the ancient Greek, "sitos" for food, and "topos" for place. 
So if we were to do that, what might Sitopia look like? 
Well I think it looks a bit like this. 
What would an allegory of good government look like today? 
This is a bit of a difficult image to put up on the screen. 
Now, again, we don't often deal with Stage One. 
If that's how you talked, imagine what kind of work would get done. 
Now imagine having a whole room of people saying, in effect, "I'm great and you're not." 
And if you take a look at the headline of Stage Five, which is "Life is Great," this may seem a little incongruous. 
How do we survey populations that don't have access to technology, and speak languages we don't speak, and we don't know anyone who speaks those languages. Because in order to achieve on this great mission, we have to be able to do it. 
My characters also drank a lot of ginger beer, because the characters in the British books I read drank ginger beer. 
In this single story, there was no possibility of Africans being similar to her in any way, no possibility of feelings more complex than pity, no possibility of a connection as human equals. 
But I did come to embrace this new identity, and in many ways I think of myself now as African. 
But what is important about his writing is that it represents the beginning of a tradition of telling African stories in the West: A tradition of Sub-Saharan Africa as a place of negatives, of difference, of darkness, of people who, in the words of the wonderful poet Rudyard Kipling, are "half devil, half child." 
 But the truth is that I had a very happy childhood, full of laughter and love, in a very close-knit family. 
I teach writing workshops in Lagos every summer, and it is amazing to me how many people apply, how many people are eager to write, to tell stories. 
My Nigerian publisher and I have just started a non-profit called Farafina Trust, and we have big dreams of building libraries and refurbishing libraries that already exist and providing books for state schools that don't have anything in their libraries, and also of organizing lots and lots of workshops, in reading and writing, for all the people who are eager to tell our many stories. 
Let's find out what the reality is. 
Let me show you what I mean. Imagine that this is the back of your eye, okay? 
And yet you don't put a letter after that first "T." 
We're going to look at it for about 30 seconds, which is a bit of a killer in an 18-minute talk. 
What's true for color is also true for complex perceptions of motion. 
And she'll come into the hive, find an empty honey pot, and throw up, and that's honey. 
So, if some of you are still feeling a bit too certain, I'd like to do this one. 
When Ford was about three years old, we shared a very small room together, in a very small space. 
So, pretty early on in my investigations I realized what I was finding was not what I expected to find, which was, quite frankly, a lot of beer can pyramids and overstuffed couches and flat-screen TVs. 
It's made to look like the inside of an English sailing ship. 
I'd go to Central Park and see the rolling topography of Central Park come up against the abrupt and sheer topography of midtown Manhattan. 
Those are two students at King's College -- later Columbia University -- sitting on a hill, overlooking a valley. 
And so I'd go down to Greenwich Village and I'd look for this hill, and I couldn't find it. And I couldn't find that palm tree. 
You can see the Lispenard Meadows draining down through here, through what is TriBeCa now, and the beaches that come up from the Battery, all the way to 42nd St. 
And we might think of these as abandoned. 
You can think of these as neighborhoods, as distinctive as TriBeCa and the Upper East Side and Inwood -- that these are the forest and the wetlands and the marine communities, the beaches. 
You can zoom into any block on Manhattan, and see what might have been there 400 years ago. 
We can compare these two and hold them in our minds at the same time, that they really are the same place, that there is no way that cities can escape from nature. 
Well, what if we go to Madison Square Park, and we imagine it without all the cars, and bicycles instead and large forests, and streams instead of sewers and storm drains? 
Or if we imagine the New York City metropolitan area, currently home to 12 million people, but 12 million people in the future, perhaps living at the density of Manhattan, in only 36 percent of the area, with the areas in between covered by farmland, covered by wetlands, covered by the marshes we need. 
So the goal here is to achieve sentience in machines, and not just sentience, but empathy. 
So, if they achieve human level intelligence or, quite possibly, greater than human levels of intelligence, this could be the seeds of hope for our future. 
And this is one of the most exciting projects that we're developing, which is a little character that's a spokesbot for friendly artificial intelligence, friendly machine intelligence. 
What you should in fact do is employ all of the world's top male and female supermodels, pay them to walk the length of the train, handing out free Chateau Petrus for the entire duration of the journey. 
  Now, you'll still have about three billion pounds left in change, and people will ask for the trains to be slowed down. 
It actually works by giving you the impression that you've had a very good education, which gives you an insane sense of unwarranted self-confidence, which then makes you very, very successful in later life. 
Here's a great example from history. I've heard this attributed to several other kings, but doing a bit of historical research, it seems to be Fredrick the Great. 
But that would have ended up with a lot of awful kickback and a hell of a lot of resistance. 
Adam Smith talks about 18th century America, where the prohibition against visible displays of wealth was so great, it was almost a block in the economy in New England, because even wealthy farmers could find nothing to spend their money on without incurring the displeasure of their neighbors. 
Woman #2: I'm a little bit confused. Woman #3: They look like the squares to me. 
   If you think it's funny, bear in mind there is an organization called the American Institute of Wine Economics, which actually does extensive research into perception of things, and discovers that except for among perhaps five or ten percent of the most knowledgeable people, there is no correlation between quality and enjoyment in wine, except when you tell the people how expensive it is, in which case they tend to enjoy the more expensive stuff more. 
So they actually reduce the need for actually spending great money on display, and increase the kind of third-party enjoyment you can get from the smallest, simplest things in life. Which is magic. 
And we've done, in the past four years, on a small part of the rodent brain, and with this proof of concept we are now scaling the project up to reach the human brain. 
I think that we can come up with very concrete solutions on how to treat disorders. 
And so what we do is we compare the buildings within our perceptual bubble, and we make a decision. 
So, while you're trying to make up your mind what the doctor, the surgeon, is doing while he's hacking away at your body, he's long gone. 
And that's what I'm going to describe to you today. 
The mammals needed it because they had to cope with parenthood, social interactions, complex cognitive functions. 
So, you can think of the neocortex actually as the ultimate solution today, of the universe as we know it. 
We're just packing in columns, so that we'd have more neocortical columns to perform more complex functions. 
So you can think of the neocortex actually as a massive grand piano, a million-key grand piano. 
But you can also understand that if you have a disease within one of these columns, the note is going to be off. 
But it's a bit more than cataloging because you actually have to describe and discover all the rules of communication, the rules of connectivity, because the neurons don't just like to connect with any neuron. 
Now, the circuit, you could also think of as the fabric of the brain. 
And when you think of the fabric of the brain, the structure, how is it built? What is the pattern of the carpet? 
So, the fabric of the brain, even though your brain may be smaller, bigger, it may have different types of neurons, different morphologies of neurons, we actually do share the same fabric. 
And we think this is species-specific, which means that that could explain why we can't communicate across species. 
We make it come alive with equations, a lot of mathematics. 
We also have the mathematics to describe how neurons collect information, and how they create a little lightning bolt to communicate with each other. 
And we've got the mathematics to describe this process. 
So we can describe the communication between the neurons. 
We also associate it with being stress-free and on holiday. 
You can't understand two people talking at once   or in this case one person talking twice. 
Try and listen to the other one.  We have a very small amount of bandwidth for processing auditory input, which is why noise like this --  -- is extremely damaging for productivity. 
For people who can't get away from noise like that, it's extremely damaging for their health. 
There was nothing to buy, unless you wanted to buy some rivets. Right? 
In fact, 11 straight months of savings have happened since the beginning of the crisis. 
And so there is an increase in people having to have their fillings replaced. 
No one is at the beach. So there is a bright side to everything. 
We're going to explain that right now. 
Based on Y&amp;R's BrandAsset Valuator, proprietary tool of VML and Young &amp; Rubicam, we set out to understand what's been happening in the crisis with the consumer marketplace. 
We're going to go through four value-shifts that we see driving new consumer behaviors, that offer new management principles. 
They found their consumer had more money at the beginning of the month, less at the end of the month. So what they did is they started to change their packaging. 
Larger packs at the beginning of the month, smaller packaging at the end of the month. 
Then we also look at the idea of cow-pooling, which is the whole phenomenon of consumers organizing together to buy meat from organic farms that they know is safe and controlled in the way that they want it to be controlled. 
You have to realize that you can't fight and control this. 
So, when we look back and step out at this and see the beginning of these trends that we're seeing in our data, we see a very hopeful picture for the future of America. 
And in addition, we've actually used polarizers on all the lights -- just like polarized sunglasses can block the glare off of the road, polarizers can block the shine off of the skin, so we don't get all those specular reflections to take this map. 
And, as a result, it's a very good cue to the detailed shape of the skin-pore structure and all of the fine wrinkles that all of us have, the things that actually make us look like real humans. 
And by looking at how the different color channels of the illumination, the red and the green and the blue, diffuse the light differently, we can come up with a way of shading the skin on the computer. 
Or rather a cubicle, an open-space cubicle, with a lot of space. 
And in front of all that noise, you do a very small gesture. 
That's a reason to go out of home. Yeah? 
Three years ago he got a letter signed by all 700 employees of La Scala, musical employees, I mean the musicians, saying, "You're a great conductor. We don't want to work with you. Please resign." 
The first one was: If you sweat by the end of the concert it means that you must have done something wrong. 
And when Karajan is asked about it he actually says, "Yes, the worst damage I can do to my orchestra is to give them a clear instruction. 
I'm opening a space for you to put in another layer of interpretation." 
But of course it's not only about motivation and giving them a lot of physical energy. 
 Another solo now. See what you can pick up from this. 
So again, the oboe player is completely autonomous and therefore happy and proud of his work, and creative and all of that. 
So you can imagine the scale of this problem. 
And that job is that they go around and pick up syringes from the back of hospitals, wash them, and in the course of this, obviously picking them up they injure themselves. 
It took from the Stone Age to achieve that. 
A lot of this is driven by what's happening in technology. 
The employment in the rich countries will go down from about 800 to about 700 million of these people. 
And so a new awareness will have to arise, of how we deal with these, how we mobilize ourselves, in a new way, and come together as a community to manage systemic risk. 
How do we think about complex systems in new ways? 
It is vital that the ideas that are nurtured in TED, that the ideas that we think about look forward, and make sure that this will be the most glorious century, and not one of eco-disaster and eco-collapse. 
Wondering, therefore, how to explain what they saw in terms of things unseen. 
They wished they knew how to prevent their food supply from sometimes failing, and how they could rest when they were tired without risking starvation, be warmer, cooler, safer, in less pain. 
Nuclei and nuclear reactions, of course. 
That all that, discovered in 40 years, had not been in the previous hundred thousand, was not for lack of thinking about stars, and all those other urgent problems they had. 
 Empiricism is inadequate because, well, scientific theories explain the seen in terms of the unseen. 
We don't see those nuclear reactions in stars. 
When someone announces that the nature-nurture debate has been settled because there is evidence that a given percentage of our political opinions are genetically inherited, but they don't explain how genes cause opinions, they've settled nothing. They are saying that our opinions are caused by wizards, and presumably so are their own. 
It can undergo complex reactions, some of which are happily architectural. 
If you walk around the city of Oxford, where we are today, and have a look at the brickwork, which I've enjoyed doing in the last couple of days, you'll actually see that a lot of it is made of limestone. 
Now a block of limestone, in itself, isn't particularly that interesting. 
But imagine what the properties of this limestone block might be if the surfaces were actually in conversation with the atmosphere. 
Would it give this block of limestone new properties? 
So, architects are never happy with just one block of an interesting material. 
And architect Christian Kerrigan has come up with a series of designs that show us how it may be possible to actually grow a limestone reef underneath the city. 
This is our protocell technology, effectively making a shell, like its limestone forefathers, and depositing it in a very complex environment, against natural materials. 
They can expect to have a lot of forms and functions within the practice of architecture. 
I'm a writer and a journalist, and I'm also an insanely curious person, so in 22 years as a journalist, I've learned how to do a lot of new things. 
His death hit me pretty hard. 
And there were a lot of things that I wanted to feel and deal with while I was doing that. 
But then the anger and the depression about my father's death set in. 
And when the heat made me too sick to walk the 50 feet to the public restroom I used a bucket and a trash bag as a toilet. 
And he wrote to the academicians in Paris, trying to explain his theory. 
So, the night before that duel, he realized this possibly is his last chance to try and explain his great breakthrough. 
So he stayed up the whole night, writing away, trying to explain his ideas. 
Symmetry can also help us to explain what's happening in the Large Hadron Collider in CERN. 
I like to describe it as the magic trick moves. 
But it's also about producing a language to describe this. 
And those are things that I can do to the symmetrical object that make it look like it did before I started. 
And, of course, you can't do that unless you understand yourself a bit more. 
The rabbis describe this as being like a king who has a beautiful, fragile glass bowl. 
What do you have to do? Put in a mixture of the two. 
And, of course, in the modern world, with the environmental movement, we're becoming even more aware of the connectivity of things, that something I do here actually does matter in Africa, that if I use too much of my carbon allowance, it seems to be that we are causing a great lack of rain in central and eastern Africa. 
So we try and get rid of those, and so doing, try to get rid of the habits, the emotions, the ideas that enslave us, that make our eyes closed, give us tunnel vision so we don't see the needs of others -- and free ourselves and free ourselves from that. 
That implies a lot of trust. 
When somebody's in pain, we pick up the pain. 
In a Wimbledon final match, these two guys fight it out. 
You can't say, "Please love me." 
In spite of a very tragic life, one is happy in moments which are very few and far between. 
Compassion: what does it look like? 
If you come in you will see us: evening time, at table -- set for ten but not always all seats filled -- at the point when dinner is ready to be served. 
Also, we had to make a report on our extended "visited" members, that is, extended members of the family, sick and elderly, shut in. 
Let me explain a point at which we did not rise to the occasion. 
It's time to make space, to share the enjoyment of life in a beloved community." 
'Find out what it is in your tradition that tells us what to do when we have been humiliated, when we have been despised and rejected.' And they all spoke out of their own traditions, a word about the healing power of solidarity, one with the other." 
Many people think of it primarily in terms of charity, random acts of kindness. 
So, let me explain to you what I mean when I think about compassion, and why I think it is so important that right at this point in history. 
Unusual things are beginning to happen. 
Please pardon me, as a black man, for celebrating that the election of Obama was an unusual sign of the fact that it is a year of favor. 
The song says, ♫ "I made heaven so happy today, ♫ ♫ Receiving God's love and giving it away ♫ ♫ When I looked up, heaven smiled at me ♫ ♫ Now, I'm so happy. Can't you see? ♫ ♫ I'm happy. Look at me. I'm happy. Can't you see? ♫ ♫ Sharing makes me happy, makes heaven happy too ♫ ♫ I'm happy. Look at me. I'm happy. Can't you see? ♫ 
And in a saying of the Koran, which to Muslims is God speaking to humanity, God says to his prophet Muhammad -- whom we believe to be the last of a series of prophets, beginning with Adam, including Noah, including Moses, including Abraham, including Jesus Christ, and ending with Muhammad -- that, "We have not sent you, O Muhammad, except as a 'rahmah,' except as a source of compassion to humanity." 
That is all well and good, but where do we go wrong, and what is the source of the lack of compassion in the world? 
And these doctors or these masters, these spiritual masters of the Sufi tradition, refer to teachings and examples of our prophet that teach us where the source of our problems lies. 
"It's me," or, more grammatically correctly, "It is I," The voice says, "Go away." 
And they have a fight and an argument because -- "I want grapes." "I want eneb. "I want angur." -- not knowing that the word that they're using refers to the same reality in different languages. 
I want to open by quoting Einstein's wonderful statement, just so people will feel at ease that the great scientist of the 20th century also agrees with us, and also calls us to this action. 
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion, to embrace all living creatures and the whole of nature in its beauty." 
This insight of Einstein's is uncannily close to that of Buddhist psychology, wherein compassion -- "karuna," it is called -- is defined as, "the sensitivity to another's suffering and the corresponding will to free the other from that suffering." 
This is perfect in that it clearly opposes self-centeredness and selfishness to compassion, the concern for others, and, further, it indicates that those caught in the cycle of self-concern suffer helplessly, while the compassionate are more free and, implicitly, more happy. 
And so he said, "I'm sick of all this. Nobody's really living the doctrine. 
So as he comes up from his first bow he says, "My Lord, I'm so happy to see you, but where have you been for 12 years? 
And you think of your enemies, and you think of the neutral ones. 
And we definitely reduce the hostility and the "I don't want to be compassionate to them" to the ones we think of as the bad guys, the ones we hate and we don't like. 
And you think of him as nursing you. 
And then Saddam Hussein's serious mustache is a problem, but you think of him as a mom. 
And then you think of how lovely beings are when they are happy, when they are satisfied. 
Their face doesn't look like this. When they're angry, they look ugly, every being, but when they're happy they look beautiful. 
And that is where you then look at the reality of all the beings you can think of. 
And they think of it as somehow macho, hard discipline on themselves. 
And materialism, they think they get out of it just by not existing, by dying, but they don't. 
And that means whatever happens to other beings is happening to us: we are responsible for that, and we should take it and do whatever we can at whatever little level and small level that we can do it. 
The first person who is happy when you get great compassion is yourself, even if you haven't done anything yet for anybody else. 
But I'm also going to argue that once you understand the sense in which they are built into human nature, you realize that just affirming compassion, and affirming the golden rule, is really not enough. 
There's a lot of work to be done after that. 
I think it's probably the case that, in the human evolutionary lineage, even before there were homo sapiens, feelings like compassion and love and sympathy had earned their way into the gene pool, and biologists have a pretty clear idea of how this first happened. 
And the basic idea of kin selection is that, if an animal feels compassion for a close relative, and this compassion leads the animal to help the relative, then, in the end, the compassion actually winds up helping the genes underlying the compassion itself. 
Now, there's more good news that came along later in evolution, a second kind of evolutionary logic. 
I'm sure a lot of you, if a close friend has something really terrible happen to them, you feel really bad. 
In the realm of economics, say, if you buy something: that means you'd rather have the merchandise than the money, but the merchant would rather have the money than the merchandise. 
So, kind of webs of non-zero-sumness are where you would expect compassion and the golden rule to kind of work their magic. 
With zero-sum channels you would expect something else. 
You can go back all the way to the stone age: technological evolution -- roads, the wheel, writing, a lot of transportation and communication technologies -- has just inexorably made it so that more people can be in more non-zero-sum relationships with more and more people at greater and greater distances. 
And, you know, I'm happy to say, I think there's really evidence that this non-zero-sum kind of connection can expand the moral compass. 
For example, probably a lot of American Christians don't think of themselves as being in a non-zero-sum relationship with Muslims halfway around the world, but they really are, because if these Muslims become happier and happier with their place in the world and feel that they have a place in it, that's good for Americans, because there will be fewer terrorists to threaten American security. 
Certainly, a couple of things are that, first of all, there are a lot of zero-sum situations in the world. 
And I'm afraid we have another good news/bad news story, which is that the moral imagination is part of human nature. 
Recently some sociologists from Facebook -- Facebook is the channel that you would expect is the most enlargening of all channels. 
A lot of sociologists actually are quite disappointed. 
I mean, I've been a bit disappointed sometimes when I saw this data and all this deployment, just for five people. 
Or a mother who, at four o'clock, suddenly manages to find a corner in the toilet to check that her children are safely home. 
And finally, finally, they've managed to put instant messaging on their computers at work. 
So, think of the three settings I've talked to you about: factory, migration, office. 
If you were lucky there was a public phone hanging in the corridor or somewhere. 
If you were not, you maybe had to go through an operator. 
And when with modern bureaucracy there was a very rational approach, where there was a clear distinction between the private sphere and the public sphere. 
If you think of medieval cities, medieval cities the boroughs all have the names of the guilds and professions that lived there. 
And actually, over these 150 years, there has been a very clear class system that also has emerged. 
And every day, every single day, I read news that makes me cringe, like a $15 fine to kids in Texas, for using, every time they take out their mobile phone in school. 
Headlines that look like this when they have to do with climate change, and headlines that look like this when they have to do with air quality or smog. 
And one of the molecules I study is called isoprene, which is here. It's a small organic molecule. You've probably never heard of it. 
But despite its very small weight, enough of it is emitted into the atmosphere every year to equal the weight of all the people on the planet. 
We found a global atmospheric watchtower there, in the middle of the rainforest, and hung hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of scientific equipment off this tower, to look for isoprene, and of course, other things while we were there. 
So, as you can imagine, the inside of this aircraft doesn't look like any plane you would take on vacation. 
So whenever I fill up my gas, I think of that liter, and how much carbon. 
Looking at 30 billion per year, we look at our two largest suppliers, Saudi Arabia and now Canada, with its dirty oil. 
So, to me, using photography -- and I feel that all of us need to now begin to really take the task of using our talents, our ways of thinking, to begin to deal with what I think is probably one of the most challenging issues of our time, how to deal with our energy crisis. 
 No small thing. 
So, here, whatever movement I do in my physical world is actually replicated inside the digital world just using this small device that I made, around eight years back, in 2000. 
and this small system actually prints it out -- so it actually acts like a paper input-output system, just made out of paper. 
So I thought, around last year -- in the beginning of the last year -- I started thinking, "Why can I not take this approach in the reverse way?" 
So I put a small camera over there that acts as a digital eye. 
And, actually, if you see, there are some color markers that in the beginning version we are using with it. 
The camera is actually doing -- just, getting all the images -- is doing the edge recognition and also the color recognition and so many other small algorithms are going on inside. 
And later I can find a wall, anywhere, and start browsing those photos or maybe, "OK, I want to modify this photo a little bit and send it as an email to a friend." 
You have to check your computer in order to do that, right? 
 When I'm going back, I can just use my boarding pass to check how much my flight has been delayed, because at that particular time, I'm not feeling like opening my iPhone, and checking out a particular icon. 
PM: There is a lot of energy here. Lots of learning. 
Example: Please tell us the process to invoice hospitals. 
He realizes that to succeed, he does not have to be a "professional," he does not have to cut out his emotions, he has to include all these people in his world to succeed, to make them happy, to make the boss happy, to make everyone happy. 
He realized at once what had happened. 
That's a lot of women who don't get justice. 
Art can go through where other things can't. 
She told him and he set out the first inquiry into what today we call Dowry Dance. 
Well, millions of people around the world die of waterborne disease every year. 
It's that little gene. It's small and it's mean. 
Too small for detection, it's your built-in protection. 
We need to break down our vision of what planners are, of what the correct way of a path is. 
Is it nuclear capacity? We know we have that. 
If you were lucky enough to be a wealthy businessman or an influential journalist, or a doctor or something, you might have a telephone. 
And the Then-Communications Minister replied in a lordly manner that in a developing country communications are a luxury, not a right, that the government had no obligation to provide better service, and if the honorable Member wasn't satisfied with his telephone, could he please return it, since there was an eight-year-long waiting list for telephones in India. 
He's carrying a cell phone because most incoming calls are free, and that's how he gets orders from the neighborhood, to know where to collect clothes to get them ironed. 
When they catch the fish they call all the market towns along the coast to find out where they get the best possible prices. 
Farmers now, who used to have to spend half a day of backbreaking labor to find out if the market town was open, if the market was on, whether the product they'd harvested could be sold, what price they'd fetch. 
 This is India, and of course it's all the more striking because it was four years later that we all applauded the U.S., the oldest democracy in the modern world, more than 220 years of free and fair elections, which took till last year to elect a president or a vice president who wasn't white, male or Christian. 
We have to overcome our poverty. We have to deal with the hardware of development, the ports, the roads, the airports, all the infrastructural things we need to do, and the software of development, the human capital, the need for the ordinary person in India to be able to have a couple of square meals a day, to be able to send his or her children to a decent school, and to aspire to work a job 
Unfortunately it doesn't explain why so many designers remain mainly interested in designing chairs. 
So anyway, even if I do not understand science entirely, for my design I essentially refer to it. 
Or neither with including complex technology. 
And I don't want to make a very smart object. 
You have to know that the lack of daylight can provoke some problem of energy, or problem of libido. 
And you are helped to visualize the decrease of the infection. 
And your antibiotic goes smaller and clearer. 
And the plants will filter, by the roots, the dirty water of the fish. 
Now we can be treated by smart medicine. 
But if you can imagine this young man with his headdress and his flowing robe, learning a new language, Portuguese, not to mention English, going to Rio, building a bridge to reach out to people he'd never met before -- a pretty hostile world. 
So when I think of that, I wonder what our grandchildren and our great-grandchildren, when they ask themselves that question, I wonder how they will answer. 
And in addition to that, we know that five other really big countries are going to have a say in the future, a say we haven't even really started to hear yet -- China, India, Russia, South Africa and Benki's own Brazil, where Benki got his civil rights only in the 1988 constitution. 
And this reminds me of something I understand Lord Salisbury said to Queen Victoria over a hundred years ago, when she was pressing him, "Please change." 
If you are lucky enough to meet Sanghamitra and ask her why and how, how have you achieved so much? 
He was born in 1957, and you can imagine what his childhood looked like and felt like, and what his life has been like over the last 50 tumultuous years. 
Now, just think of the early 1960's in China. 
Two of the most sensitive buildings include a lifetime of collection about the Cultural Revolution, a period that actually most Chinese would prefer to forget. 
We can't wait for the next generation, the new joiners, to come in and learn how to be the good leaders we need. 
The bright stars correspond to little daggers on the rete. 
So, tonight, if it's clear you'll be able to see the summer triangle. 
And there is a bright star called Deneb. So let's select Deneb. 
So, step two, I hold the device up, and then I sight its altitude there so I can see it clearly now. 
 So, I know what you're thinking: "That's a lot of work, isn't it? Isn't it a ton of work to be able to tell the time?" 
as you glance at your iPod to just check out the time. 
And the astrolabes come in many different sizes and shapes and forms. 
And they were also, by the end of the century, getting healthy, and Japan was starting to catch up. 
And here they march on. And will they catch up? 
If you have a lot inequity, macro-geographical inequities can be more difficult in the long term to deal with, than if it is in the same area where you have a growth center relatively close to where poor people are living. 
When will it catch up? I have to go back to very conventional graph. 
Growth is faster, and with projection from IMF you can see where you expect them to be in 2014. 
Now, the question is, "When will the catch up take place?" 
So they doesn't seem to go this way, these countries. 
They seem to go in a more humble growth way, you know. 
I can compare to Japan. This is Japan coming up. 
And there is no doubt that fast catch up can take place. 
Japan did it like this, until full catch up, and then they follow with the other high-income economies. 
And will Asia be able to handle that new position of being in charge of being the most mighty, and the governors of the world? 
And it will happen precisely the year 2048 in the later part of the summer, in July, more precisely, the 27th of July. 
 And I expect to speak in the first session of the 39th TED India. 
And it's increasingly clear that we aren't going to be able to rely on the fact that we're going to have this at our disposal forever. 
No. But the thinking that we have to come up with has to be based on a realistic assessment of where we are. 
And one of the ways I like to do that is to look back at the stories people used to tell before we had cheap oil, before we had fossil fuels, and people relied on their own muscle, animal muscle energy, or a little bit of wind, little bit of water energy. 
And as we sit, exchanging free ideas with each other, there are still people mining coal in order to power the servers, extracting the minerals to make all of those things. 
The breakfast that we eat as we sit down to check our email in the morning is still transported at great distances, usually at the expense of the local, more resilient food systems that would have supplied that in the past, which we've so effectively devalued and dismantled. 
It's self-organizing. There is no great central organization that pushes this; people just pick up an idea and they run with it, and they implement it where they are. 
This is at a time when the city of Bristol, which is quite close to here, was surrounded by commercial market gardens, which provided a significant amount of the food that was consumed in the town, and created a lot of employment for people, as well. 
They pick up some of the tools that we've developed. 
And actually a lot of them are doing huge amounts of stuff. 
A lot of places now are starting to set up their own energy companies, community-owned energy companies, where the community can invest money into itself, to start putting in place the kind of renewable energy infrastructure that we need. 
A lot of places are working with their local schools. 
What does it look like if that's not the case? And how can we embrace that and actually come up with something that was actually more likely to sustain everybody? 
We're getting a lot of interest from government. Ed Miliband, the energy minister of this country, was invited to come to our recent conference as a keynote listener. 
Personally, I feel enormously grateful to have lived through the age of cheap oil. 
It's a bit funny to be at a conference dedicated to things not seen, and present my proposal to build a 6,000-kilometer-long wall across the entire African continent. 
And yet it's made from parts that are invisible, or near-invisible, to the naked eye: bacteria and grains of sand. 
But, moving mountains can be dangerous. Let me try and explain why. 
I went to Sokoto in northern Nigeria to try and find out how far away it is. 
That's the kind of forced migration that desertification can lead to. 
And, after an initial cost of 60 bucks to buy the bacteria, which you'll never have to pay again, one cubic meter of bacterial sand would be about 11 dollars. 
But, what should they look like? 
Would you describe that as global citizenship? 
CA: But people get excited about this idea of global citizenship, but then they get confused a bit again when they start thinking about patriotism, and how to combine these two. 
Where was the world acting together to deal with the problems that they knew arose from the potential for earthquakes, as well as the potential for climate change? 
And when the world starts to work together, with better early-warning systems, you can deal with some of these problems in a better way. 
I just think we're not seeing, at the moment, the huge opportunities open to us by the ability of people to cooperate in a world where either there was isolationism before or there was limited alliances based on convenience which never actually took you to deal with some of the central problems. 
CA: But I think this is the frustration that perhaps a lot of people have, like people in the audience here, where we love the kind of language that you're talking about. 
But they are now out of date. They don't deal with the problems. 
You can't deal with the environmental problem You can't deal with the security problem in the way that you need to. 
You can't deal with the economic and financial problem. 
You're saying that you must, and you have a duty to help those countries that cannot afford to deal with the problems of climate change themselves. 
You're saying you want a deal with all the different countries of the world where we're all bound together to cutting carbon emissions in a way that is to the benefit of the whole world. 
If you could get a deal at Copenhagen, where people agreed, A, that there was a long-term target for carbon emission cuts, B, that there was short-range targets that had to be met so this wasn't just abstract; it was people actually making decisions now that would make a difference now, and if you could then find a financing mechanism by our inability to deal with climate change over many, many years and decades 
 It is very important to recognize that this reform of institutions is the next stage after agreeing upon ourselves that there is a clear ethic upon which we can build. 
But today, the way I want you to understand a black hole, for the proof of a black hole, is to think of it as an object whose mass is confined to zero volume. 
And the object is forced to continue to collapse to an infinitely small object. 
Smaller objects have smaller Schwarzschild radii. 
On an astronomical scale that's a very small black hole. 
And this beautiful picture taken with the Hubble Space Telescope shows you that galaxies come in all shapes and sizes. 
If we're going to look for these stealth black holes at the center of galaxies, the best place to look is in our own galaxy, our Milky Way. 
So, how do astronomers prove that there is a lot of mass inside a small volume? 
So, this is great, because remember my job is to show there is a lot of mass inside a small volume. 
Because I want to show there is a mass inside as small a region as possible. 
So, this means that I want to see a lot of detail. 
Now, this is wonderful, because the campaign promise of large telescopes is that is that the bigger the telescope, the smaller the detail that we can see. 
So, I've spent a lot of my career working on ways to correct for the atmosphere, to give us a cleaner view. 
So, we're only going to look at the stars inside that small square, although we've looked at all of them. 
But it's the key to this experiment. The orbit tells me how much mass is inside a very small radius. 
And as you can see, there was a lot of other stuff inside that circle. 
You can see a lot of stars. 
But with this experiment, we've confined that same mass to a much smaller volume that's 10,000 times smaller. 
To give you a sense of how small that size is, that's the size of our solar system. 
So, we're cramming four million times the mass of the sun into that small volume. 
You can ask, "What do you expect for the old stars, stars that have been around the center of the galaxy for a long time, they've had plenty of time to interact with the black hole." 
What you expect there is that old stars should be very clustered around the black hole. 
You should see a lot of old stars next to that black hole. 
And this means that these things do exist in our universe, and we have to contend with this, we have to explain how you can get these objects in our physical world. 
So, first, a small housekeeping announcement: please switch off your proper English check programs installed in your brain. 
The desert is there, sand dunes, some small field. 
You can notice the small holes the water will fall on this catchment, and there is a slope. 
In fact they go 15 feet deep, and collect rain water from roof, there is a small pipe, and from their courtyard. 
And the water level -- these are not empty canisters -- water level is right up to this. 
They said that throw away your traditional systems, these new cement tanks will supply you piped water. 
These are all traditional water structures, which we won't be able to explain in such a short time. 
These statues, marvelous statues, gives you an idea of water table. 
Another small water body, called the [unclear]. 
The reputation in desert of this small water body is that it never dries up. 
Six centimeter of rainfall, and they can telephone you that if you find any water problem in your city, Delhi, Bombay, Bangalore, Mysore, please come to our area of six centimeters, we can give you water. 
But such people, compelled to the East India Company, which came here for business, a very dirty kind of business ... 
But because of them, first engineering college was created in a small village, not in the town. 
These are men who buy you for an hour, for a day, and use you, throw you. 
And therefore my challenge was to understand how can I get out the power from this pain. 
And therefore they could fight in a male-dominated world, very easily, and not feel very shy about it. 
When her mother fell sick she said, "Sunitha, you have so much of contacts. 
Yeah, a lot of you got it. 
It's a very small form, like a joke, a poem, a magic trick or a song, very compact form. 
And a marvelous fellow from the Media Lab who just got appointed head of RISD, is John Maeda. 
Now, if you could pick up the black vase, it would look like the figure on top. 
The goal here is to take the pieces on the left and make them so they look like the shape on the right. 
The goal is to get the red car out. It's a sliding block puzzle. 
I didn't come up with the original idea. But this is another way I work as an inventor is to create a sequel. 
You know, he does a lot of research before he writes a cartoon. 
And I said, "Well, how on Earth can you come up with a sequence of the base pairs in DNA?" 
Cut up the DNA, you sequence individual pieces, and then you look for overlaps, and you basically match them at the edges. And I said, "This is kind of like a jigsaw puzzle, except the pieces overlap." 
So, we're making smart games for social media. 
I'll explain what that means. We're looking at three trends. 
A lot of people do Sudoku. In fact some doctors prescribe it. 
That's his hair. You get a lot of figure-ground problems. 
Yeah, I've played this image before, but even when I make up my own puzzles -- and you can put your own images in here. 
One of the things about appearing later on in the TED week is that, gradually, as the days go by, all the other speakers cover most of what you were going to say. 
 Nuclear fusion, I had about 10 minutes on that. 
Thank you. Bruno's face, just then, he said, "No, don't go through this. Don't, please don't. 
Don't go through this. Don't do it." 
 But when you think of the world in that way, it does make going to Starbucks a whole new experience, don't you think? 
Her talk about the aquatic ape, and the link, of course, the link between Darwinism and the fact that we are all naked beneath this -- we're not hirsute and we can swim rather well. 
You see, a lot of the people that I most admire, they're great artists, great designers, great thinkers, they're left-handed. 
I'm right-handed but I seem to have smudged that ink as well." 
He goes to Prague, he says, "We believe in a nuclear-free world." 
But he says, "We want a nuclear-free world." 
So, where do we look for inspiration? We've still got Bill Clinton. 
I started to worry about the fact that a lot of people don't get their portraits painted anymore, and they're amazing people, and we want to deliver them to future generations. 
And so what I'm going to do is, not so much give you the great hits of that program, as to give you this whole notion of how you encounter people in that kind of situation, what you try to find out about them, and when people deliver and when they don't and why. 
For obvious reasons, it doesn't seem that old anymore to me. 
But the second part of it -- and the older I get, the more convinced I am that that's true. 
That's the one advantage that older people have. 
I wanted to be, as I later thought of it, empathic, which is to say, to feel what they wanted to say and to be an agent of their self-revelation. 
But then I began to think of other things. 
And then she made me go up with the tape of it and prove that George Abbott actually could talk. 
But it comes down, in the end, to how do you get through all the barriers we have. 
I was trying to get them to say what they probably wanted to say, to break out of their own cocoon of the public self, and the more public they had been, the more entrenched that person, that outer person was. 
And let me tell you at once the worse moment and the best moment that happened in this interview series. 
That's the problem here, and she's fighting me for that, and so then I asked her a question -- I didn't know how I was going to get out of it -- I asked her a question about her days as a playwright, and again, characteristically, instead of saying, "Oh yes, I was a playwright, and this is what blah blah blah," she said, "Oh, playwright. Everybody knows I was a playwright. 
And we were sitting there, and almost toward the beginning of the interview, I turned to him and I said, "Steve," or "Mr. Martin, it is said that all comedians have unhappy childhoods. 
But he said, "Well," he said, "I'm afraid so." 
And he started to talk about that, and later on he invited me to his house, and I met his wife who was from Massachusetts, and he and she had exactly the relationship of Thomas Jefferson and John Adams. 
She wasn't about to make up for this occasion. 
And she was loving the prospect of death as much as she had loved life. 
Just be that way with your friends and particularly the older members of your family. 
A simple, well-proven surgery can restore sight to millions, and something even simpler, a pair of glasses, can make millions more see. 
A typical day at Aravind, we would do about a thousand surgeries, maybe see about 6,000 patients, send out teams into the villages to examine, bring back patients, lots of telemedicine consultations, and, on top of that, do a lot of training, both for doctors and technicians who will become the future staff of Aravind. 
And then doing this day-in and day-out, and doing it well, requires a lot of inspiration and a lot of hard work. 
And I think this was possible thanks to the building blocks put in place by Dr. V., a value system, an efficient delivery process, and fostering the culture of innovation. 
And, of course, the challenge was that it's a huge problem, we are talking of millions of people, very little resource to deal with it, and then lots of logistics and affordability issues. 
The other aspect is how do you deal with this efficiently when you have very few ophthalmologists? 
 This is a very busy table, but what this really is conveying is that, when it comes to quality, we have put in very good quality-assurance systems. 
So what we did was, we gave away a lot of it for free, and then those who pay, I mean, they paid local market rates, nothing more, and often much less. 
 But this really requires going beyond what we do, or what we have done, if you really want to achieve solving this problem of blindness. 
The impact of this has been that these hospitals, in the second year after our consultation, are double their output The other part was how do you address this increase in cost of technology? 
So, I think decoding this can probably bring answers to most developed countries including the U.S., and maybe Obama's ratings can go up again. 
There are a bit harder issues. 
And should they ever come in contact ... 
♫ I am not afraid to stand alone ♫ ♫ I am not afraid to stand alone, if Allah is by my side ♫ ♫ I am not afraid to stand alone ♫ ♫ Everything will be all right ♫ ♫ I am not afraid to stand alone ♫ The Arab world. 
Its videos are intended to show a kinder, gentler face of Islam, for young people to deal with life's challenges. 
And his desire is to rescue Islam from images of intolerance, all in a child-friendly format. 
I like to think of it as a mesh of civilizations, in which the strands of different cultures are intertwined. 
But this also explains why, when I was interviewing the Red Brigades, and then, later on, other arms organizations, including members of al-Zarqawi group in the Middle East, everybody was extremely reluctant to talk about ideology, or politics. 
And he told me that the best time of his life was when he was a member of the Red Brigades and he went sailing, every summer, back and forth from Lebanon, where he would pick up Soviet weapons from the PLO, and then carry them all the way to Sardinia where the other arms organization from Europe would go and take their share of the arms. 
In fact, I think many people thought that I was a bit crazy. 
So, in the end, I took a decision that, in retrospect, did change my life. 
And together they money-laundered their dirty business through the same channel. 
Now, when I went to look at the figures of the U.S. money supply, the U.S. money supply is the amount of dollars that the Federal Reserve prints every year in order to satisfy the increase in the demand for dollars, which, of course, reflects the growth of the economy. 
Now, you can imagine what was the reaction of the international finance and banking. 
All the bankers said to their clients, "Get out of the dollars and go and invest somewhere else." 
Nobody wants the U.S. monetary authority to check their relationship, to monitor their relationship with their clientele. 
In my life, when I tried to achieve things like success or recognition, they eluded me. 
These women, many from small towns in India, help keep the peace, far away from home and family. 
We know how to deal with these fellows," and ignored them. 
They lack even the most basic amenities. 
There are a lot of web 2.0 consultants who make a lot of money. 
I'm going to try to save you all the time and money and go through it in the next three minutes, so bear with me. 
Just kidding -- Greenpeace actually wasn't that crazy about it, because they wanted one of the more thoughtful names to win. 
There was a clear lesson: the Internet loves Mister Splashy Pants. 
Mission accomplished: Greenpeace was thrilled, the whales were happy -- that's a quote. 
 And actually, Redditors in the Internet community were happy to participate, but they weren't whale lovers. 
A few, certainly, but we're talking about a lot of people, really interested and caught up in this meme. 
One of the great lessons Greenpeace learned is that it's OK to lose control, OK to take yourself a little less seriously, given that, even though it's a very serious cause, you could ultimately achieve your goal. 
And, in fact, we're very lucky in this region. 
In Sri Lanka, if you go down to the south coast of Sri Lanka, you can see blue whales very, very easily. 
I need to explain a little bit about monsoons. 
Now, I'm a marine biologist, but I'm actually a bit of an old fashioned naturalist, I suppose. 
And typically, there is a lot of variation, but if you have a dragonfly with, say, a one year life cycle, which is quite typical, the larva, living in the fresh water, lives for 10 or 11 months. 
If you're going to study dragonflies, you want to study those really bright beautiful ones, like that red one. Or the really rare ones, the endemic endangered ones. 
This is, it seems a bit dull you know. 
And I was a bit slow, I didn't really take too much notice. 
But dragonflies -- a bit tricky. 
I got a little bit curious. In fact I'll stop here, because I want to ask, and there is a lot of people who, from India of course, people who grew up spending your childhood here. 
And I got a bit curious about it. 
Seemed a bit unlikely. 
Down in Trivandrum, a bit later. 
Far north of Maldives, a bit later. 
What are millions of dragonflies doing, flying out over the ocean every year to their apparent doom? 
Now, this is southeast Africa. It makes it look like there are sort of two breeding periods here. It's slightly more complicated than that. 
It's also a great example of how whenever we deal with anything abstract -- ideas, emotions, feelings, concepts, thoughts -- we inevitably resort to metaphor. 
Agent metaphors describe price movements as the deliberate action of a living thing, as in, "The NASDAQ climbed higher." 
Object metaphors describe price movements as non-living things, as in, "The Dow fell like a brick." 
A group of students was told that a small democratic country had been invaded and had asked the U.S. for help. 
Whenever we solve a problem, or make a discovery, we compare what we know with what we don't know. 
And the only way to find out about the latter is to investigate the ways it might be like the former. 
When life brought about a series of death and near-death experiences within my close circle, which highlighted the need for an emergency medical response service in India, similar to 911 in USA. 
The service is --  fully self-sustainable from its own revenues, without accessing any public funds, and the cross-subsidy model actually works, where the rich pays higher, poor pays lower, and the accident victim is getting the service free of charge. 
 It's a small message from us, in our own small way to the enemies of humanity, of Islam, of South Asia, of India, and of Pakistan, that humanity will continue to bloom, irrespective of such dastardly attacks. 
One is Education Access for All, setting up schools in small-town India. 
I guess we seem to be doing at least a few things right. 
With the significance being these funds have come in as a QT capital, not as grant or as philanthropy. 
Corruption, bribes, and lack of transparency. 
Bribes and corruption have both a demand and a supply side, with the supply side being mostly of greedy corporate unethical businesses and hapless common man. 
And the demand side being mostly politicians, bureaucrats and those who have discretionary power vested with them. 
According to World Bank estimate, one trillion dollars is paid in bribes every year, worsening the condition of the already worse off. 
But you also don't have the time, resources, expertise or wherewithal to fight this. 
Yet the market forces around the world have not yet thrown up a service where you can call in, pay a fee, and fight the demand for a bribe. 
And in all 42 cases where we have pushed back such demands using existing and legitimate tools like the Right to Information Act, video, audio, or peer pressure, we have successfully obtained whatever our clients set out to achieve without actually paying a bribe. 
I believe that these tools that worked in these 42 pilot cases can be consolidated in standard processes in a BPO kind of environment, and made available on web, call-center and franchise physical offices, for a fee, to serve anyone confronted with a demand for a bribe. 
I do realize that the fight for justice against corruption is never easy. 
In my last 18 months as a lawyer, battling small- and large-scale corruption, including the one perpetrated by India's biggest corporate scamster. 
The countries that make a lot of money out of energy have something underneath them. 
But we have a lot of knowledge to gain before we can make solar the base load energy supply for the world. 
Our government is going to put in six new nuclear power stations. 
They're going to put in six new nuclear power stations, and probably more after that. 
China is building nuclear power stations. Everybody is. 
Because they know that that is one sure way to do carbon-free energy. 
Okay. What is fusion? Here comes the nuclear physics. 
Nuclear energy comes for a simple reason. 
But small atoms want to join together, small nuclei want to join together to make bigger ones to go towards iron. 
If you can get something to about 150 million degrees, things will be rattling around so fast that every time they collide in just the right configuration, this will happen, and it will release energy. 
And we will have to extract uranium from sea water, which is the yellow line, to make conventional nuclear power stations actually do very much for us. 
This is a bit shocking, because in fact our government is relying on that for us to meet Kyoto, and do all those kind of things. 
We have to start putting electricity on the grid in this very complex technology. 
But at the moment, all we can imagine is sometime in the 2030s. 
Would the Pakistanis please just stand up please? 
So, you see that on the other side of ice you have the unknown, you have the non-obvious, you have the non-seen, for the people who don't dare to go through the ice. 
There are so many people who prefer to suffer in the ice they know instead of taking the risk of going through the ice to see what there is on the other side. 
And as long as we fight horizontally, against life, against the winds, against what's happening to us, life is a nightmare. 
We just close our eyes for a minute we all come back with a lot of new ideas. 
No, the pioneer is the one who allows himself to throw overboard a lot of ballast. 
Because we will throw away these political dogmas. 
  It's clear that it's not easy to know which ballast to drop and which altitude to take. Sometime we need friends, family members or a psychiatrist. 
And he told me, "Don't do that. Go down immediately in order to slow down." 
That's when you throw out all the ballast, all the certainties, in order to adapt to the new situation. 
But if I show you this picture it's not to tell you how happy we were. 
How can we go through the ice of certainty in order to make the most incredible a possible thing? 
You cannot imagine how it is for a team who has been working six years on it to show that it's not only a dream and a vision, it's a real airplane. 
The goal is to take off, end of this year for the first test, but mainly next year, spring or summer, take off, on our own power, without additional help, without being towed, climb to 9,000 meters altitude. 
And in our world, if we keep on spoiling, wasting our energy resources, if we keep on building things that consume so much energy that most of the companies now go bankrupt, it's clear that we'll never give the planet to the next generation without a major problem. 
And 20 years later there were 200 people in every airplane crossing the Atlantic. 
This is a symbol of what we can achieve when we believe in the impossible, when we have a team, when we have pioneering spirit, and especially when we understand that all the certainties we have should be thrown overboard. 
What pleases me very much is that in the beginning I thought that we would have to fly around the world with no fuel in order to have our message been understood. 
And each time we have some ice in the future, we have to know that life will be great, and the success will be brilliant if we dare to overcome our fear of the ice, to go through the obstacle, to go through the problem, in order to see what there is on the other side. 
Because to imitate a complex act requires my brain to adopt the other person's point of view. 
This is the basis. The imitation of complex skills is what we call culture and is the basis of civilization. 
Quite why he had to pin her fingers to the floor with her brooch, I'm not sure. It seems a bit extreme to me. 
So, that's an empty parka jacket. 
So, I'm using quite a lot of radiation. 
So, when you move forward from something fairly small, a dress which is this size, onto something like that which is done in exactly the same process, you can see that that is a lot of work. 
Because I needed all the skin tissue to make it look real, to make it look like it was a real athlete. 
That flower doesn't come in bright orange, I don't think. 
But I just like it in bright orange. 
And it's just a bit spooky. 
It's a bit like a CT scanner in a hospital. Slices. 
That's what I really like about it, the fact that I haven't got to go and buy it, and it hasn't been genetically modified at all. 
And I know what they're going to look like in X-ray and I'm not far off. 
And if you get out and walk around to the other side of the car, you see a life-sized light box of the car showing you how it works. 
So the premise of Blue Zones: if we can find the optimal lifestyle of longevity we can come up with a de facto formula for longevity. 
The fact of the matter is there is a lot of confusion around what really helps us live longer better. 
And then bring a team of experts in there to methodically go through exactly what these people do, to distill down the cross-cultural distillation. 
When you think of it, there is 99 things that can age us. 
And research shows that they would be years largely free of chronic disease, heart disease, cancer and diabetes. 
And one of the most salient elements of the Sardinian society is how they treat older people. 
Okinawa is actually 161 small islands. 
It's a place where people have the longest disability-free life expectancy in the world. 
A few of the strategies we observed: they eat off of smaller plates, so they tend to eat fewer calories at every sitting. 
If you were lucky enough to be born in Okinawa, you were born into a system where you automatically have a half a dozen friends with whom you travel through life. 
The only thing that they have in common are a set of very small lifestyle habits that they follow ritualistically for most of their lives. 
And the first one, and I'm about to utter a heresy here, none of them exercise, at least the way we think of exercise. 
But when you're in a hurry or stressed out, that triggers something called the inflammatory response, which is associated with everything from Alzheimer's disease to cardiovascular disease. 
It's not only because we like to drink lots of it, and its marvelous derivatives, beer, wine, etc. 
And my mother, brave lady, was partly to blame, taking me to the New York Natural History Museum, buying me books on snakes, and then starting this infamous career of mine, which has culminated in of course, arriving in India 60 years ago, brought by my mother, Doris Norden, and my stepfather, Rama Chattopadhyaya. 
And it is a marvelous rain forest. 
This is basically a base wherein we are trying to gather and learn virtually everything about the biodiversity of this incredibly complex forest system, and try to hang on to what's there, make sure the water sources are protected and kept clean, and of course, having a good time too. 
But in order to find out the real secrets of these creatures [it was necessary] for us to actually insert a small radio transmitter inside [each] snake. 
Now we are able to follow them and find out their secrets, where the babies go after they hatch, and remarkable things like this you're about to see. 
 Usually they eat something a bit larger. 
We're still trying to explain and come to terms with what is the evolutionary advantage of this. 
But they do also a lot of other remarkable things. 
So, starting in the mid-'70s when conservation was at the fore, we were actually able to start projects which were basically government supported to collect eggs from the wild from the few remaining nests and release 5,000 baby gharial back to the wild. 
Luckily there is still a lot of interest. 
The Chambal, if you look at it, has clear water. 
I was there for a lot of the necropsies on the riverside. 
And it came down to something called gout, which, as a result of kidney breakdown is actually uric acid crystals throughout the body, and worse in the joints, which made the gharial unable to swim. 
In order to try to answer some of these questions, we again turn to technology, to biological technology, in this case, again, telemetry, putting radios on 10 gharial, and actually following their movements. They're being watched everyday as we speak, to try to find out what this mysterious toxin is. 
It's a place that's famous to a lot of you who know about the bandits, the dacoits who used to work up there. And there still are quite a few around. 
So, we're not sure where this story is going to end, whether it's got a happy or sad ending. 
We've got a lot of a good team of people working up there. 
During the die-off of the gharial we did galvanize a lot of action. 
 Chris Anderson: Thanks, Rom. Thanks a lot. 
 CA: Thanks Rom. Thank you. 
In 1995, we started working on a two-year investigative research project to try and find out what was going on. 
These were being sold for about 2,000 dollars each, and they are used for bear paw soup, and also being trained, later on, to become dancing bears like the one you just saw. 
So, we had to deal with it in a very practical and sustainable manner. 
And I uncovered that if learning is embedded in real-world context, that if you blur the boundaries between school and life, then children go through a journey of "aware," where they can see the change, "enable," be changed, and then "empower," lead the change. 
So, on August 15th, Independence Day, 2007, the children of Riverside set out to infect Ahmedabad. 
 Kiran Bir Sethi: And the city will give free time. 
And Ahmedabad got the first child-friendly zebra crossing in the world. 
 KBS: And because of that, Ahmedabad is known as India's first child-friendly city. 
Woman: I am so happy that my students did this campaign. 
For our auction we have some wonderful paintings for you, for a very good cause, the money you give us will be used to buy hearing aids. 
I'll go through a little of them. Bolotnitsa. 
"Now, Frank is this clear to you, Djabran Fluctus?" 
 It's clear to me." 
 It's definitely one of the two. I'm not really clear which one. 
So beautiful that I will even give up a laugh to explain my love of this particular planet, and the day Saturday, named after it, wonderfully. 
That's Euler, his formula was one of the inspirations that lead to the beginning of string theory which is kind of cool, not that funny, but it is cool. 
 Which a lot of you are like, "How did he figure that out?" 
 Better really hurry up. 
But it did lead to Newton discovering gravity. 
 René Descartes, of course. Once again these Grenada people, this is like way too sick for anybody's imagination. 
 This is the flag of Monaco. Ladies and gentlemen, the flag of Indonesia. Please examine. 
I know that scares a lot of you, but that was my purpose entirely. 
There we can see Fibonacci numbers related to the Golden Section, because Fibonacci and Golden Section relate to the unfolding of the measured meter of matter, as I refer to it. 
This is beyond anything anybody could just make up. 
Which works mathematically, but it just doesn't seem God-like to me. 
The next one is I froze myself in a block of ice for three days and three nights in New York City. 
I began to hallucinate so hard that the buildings that were behind me started to look like big animal heads. 
I would later find out that was Houdini's personal record. 
 So, he came up with this idea of creating a rebreather, with a CO2 scrubber, which was basically a tube from Home Depot, with a balloon duct-taped to it, that he thought we could put inside of me, and somehow be able to circulate the air and rebreathe with this thing in me. 
You know, because they go down for four minutes on one breath. 
So, everything that I put into my body, I considered as medicine. 
 So, naturally, the only way out of the slump that I could think of was, I decided to call Oprah. 
My first attempt on pure O2, I was able to go up to 15 minutes. 
 And that's my life. So --  As a magician, I try to show things to people that seem impossible. 
Chitra basically remixes and re-titles these iconic images to tease out some of the sexual and gender politics embedded in these deeply influential comics. 
Yet we're still dealing with a lot of the same challenges as many decades ago. 
It basically wants to fight off infection, and seal itself, whether it's organs inside your body, or your skin, the first reaction is for scar tissue to move in, to seal itself off from the outside. 
One of the ways that we do that is actually by using smart biomaterials. 
We basically found out that you can use these smart biomaterials that you can actually use as a bridge. 
It's actually a smart biomaterial that we used, to actually treat this patient. 
And then, six months later on the right-hand side you see this reengineered urethra. 
Turns out your body can regenerate, but only for small distances. 
So, we can use these smart biomaterials but only for about one centimeter to bridge those gaps. 
The strategy here, is if a patient comes in to us with a diseased or injured organ, you can take a very small piece of tissue from that organ, less than half the size of a postage stamp, you can then tease that tissue apart, and look at its basic components, the patient's own cells, you take those cells out, grow and expand those cells outside the body in large quantities, 
To the naked eye they look like a piece of your blouse, or your shirt, but actually these materials are fairly complex and they are designed to degrade once inside the body. 
This is actually showing a piece of muscle and how we go through the structures to actually engineer the muscle. 
More complex structures such as blood vessels, urethras, which I showed you, they're definitely more complex because you're introducing two different cell types. 
You're allowing fluid or air to go through at steady states. 
They are not nearly as complex as hollow organs. 
Same strategy, we take a very small piece of the bladder, less than half the size of a postage stamp. 
We then tease the tissue apart into its two individual cell components, muscle, and these bladder specialized cells. 
From the time you take that piece of tissue, six to eight weeks later you can put the organ right back into the patient. 
For the second phase of the trials we just had different sizes, small, medium, large and extra-large. 
 So, bladders are definitely a little bit more complex than the other structures. 
And then the most complex are the solid organs. 
For solid organs, they're more complex because you're using a lot more cells per centimeter. 
And then a few weeks later we can take out the cartilage scaffold. 
Again, fairly more complex organs, but by far, the most complex solid organs are actually the vascularized, highly vascularized, a lot of blood vessel supply, organs such as the heart, the liver, the kidneys. 
You see the heart coming out there. It takes about 40 minutes to print, and about four to six hours later you see the muscle cells contract. 
Again, small structures, our challenge is how to make them larger, and that is something we're working on right now at the institute. 
We are limited with distances right now, but our goal is actually to increase those distances over time. 
So, these are very tough technologies. 
And when we launch these technologies to patients we want to make sure that we ask ourselves a very tough question. 
Video: Kaitlyn M: I'm happy. I was always afraid that I was going to have like, an accident or something. 
I mean, if you're lucky enough you get to do it more than once, right? 
Well, it can mean a lot of things. 
Well, when I have done this on myself, I always come to the conclusion that I spend about 75 percent of my time relatively in a small number of places. 
And if you've been in that part of the country, this is what those piles of burning, smoldering coal waste look like. 
And on a clear day it always looked like this, so you never saw it. 
They haven't asked me what kind of the quality of the drinking water that I put in my mouth or the food that I ingest into my stomach. 
And all of those black dots are all of the toxic release inventories that are monitored by the EPA. 
And he looks at that and he says, "Whoa Bill, I suggest that maybe you not decide, just because you're out here in beautiful California, and it's warm every day, that you get out and run at six o'clock at night. 
of the Dartmouth Atlas of Healthcare was about, was saying that we can explain the geographic variations that occur in disease, in illness, in wellness, and how our healthcare system actually operates. 
We can only blame ourselves. Over the last 50 years the design and construction industry has gotten much more complex and has gotten much more litigious. 
Now, what did we do? We're cowards, but we're smart cowards. 
But I'm going to reduce this to the beginning of the process, into three very pedantic statements. 
At which point, you and your client have the ability to start considering what you're going to put inside that vessel, the agency, the vision. 
Now, the first issue that we faced was that the Dallas Theater Center had a notoriety that was beyond what you would expect of some place outside of the triumvirate of New York, Chicago and Seattle. 
At first blush you think, "Hey it's crazy, what could you possibly gain?" 
And because that flytower has the ability to pick up all the pristine elements, suddenly the rest of the environment can be provisional. And you can drill, cut, nail, screw paint and replace, with a minimum of cost. 
Meaning: The artistic director doesn't necessarily need to go through our lobby. 
You're going down into our lobby, go through the lobby with our own little dangly bits, whether you like them or not, up through the stair that leads you into the auditorium. 
Now, imagine what that could be. I have to say honestly this is not something yet the building can do because it takes too long. 
But imagine the freedoms if you could take this further, that in fact you could consider a Wagnerian entry, a first act in thrust, an intermission in Greek, a second act in arena, and you leave through our lobby with dangly bits. 
I'll go through the three basic configurations. 
You'd be able to open portions in order to change the procession, allow people to come in and out for an intermission, or to enter for the beginning or the end of a performance. 
Now, if there is anyone here from American Airlines, please consider doing your Christmas party here. 
And think of it being done with just a few people. 
I'm very happy to be here in India. 
I want you to imagine that this particular grouping of cells is central to the evolution of our species and the continuation of the human race. 
And I want you imagine that at some point in history a group of powerful people invested in owning and controlling the world understood that the suppression of this particular cell, the oppression of these cells, the reinterpretation of these cells, the undermining of these cells, getting us to believe in the weakness of these cells and the crushing, eradicating, destroying, reducing these cells, basically began the process of killing off the girl cell, 
I want you to imagine that the girl is a chip in the huge macrocosm of collective consciousness. 
And then I want you to imagine that this girl cell is compassion, and it's empathy, and it's passion itself, and it's vulnerability, and it's openness, and it's intensity, and it's association, and it's relationship, and it is intuitive. 
And then let's think how compassion informs wisdom, and that vulnerability is our greatest strength, and that emotions have inherent logic, which lead to radical, appropriate, saving action. 
I have spent a lot of time there in the last three years. 
I feel up to that point I had seen a lot in the world, a lot of violence. 
And he would actually say, while he was beating me, "Don't you cry. Don't you dare cry." 
I actually realized once in Kosovo, when I watched a man break down, that bullets are actually hardened tears, that when we don't allow men to have their girl self and have their vulnerability, and have their compassion, and have their hearts, that they become hardened and hurtful and violent. 
I've seen girls starving themselves to death in America in institutions to look like some idealized version of themselves. 
And if girls are in trouble because they face systematic disadvantages that keep them where society wants them to be, including lack of access to healthcare, education, healthy foods, labor force participation. 
And she knew she risked death and she was literally gunned down and rolled over by that tank. 
A few months ago she was picked up on the street by three older men. 
And through her self-defense, she grabbed their Adam's apples, she punched them in the eyes and she got herself free and out of the car. 
It's like the older women somehow forgot. 
Please close your eyes, and open your hands. 
Now imagine what you could place in your hands: an apple, maybe your wallet. 
It looks like a small sleeping bag for a baby. 
So, imagine you're standing on a street anywhere in America and a Japanese man comes up to you and says, "Excuse me, what is the name of this block?" 
So, now imagine you're standing on a street, anywhere in Japan, you turn to a person next to you and say, "Excuse me, what is the name of this street?" 
They say, "Oh, well that's Block 17 and this is Block 16." 
Just look at Google Maps here. There's Block 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19. 
There's Block 17, house number one." 
The first house ever built on a block is house number one. 
So, any month you are healthy you pay them, and when you're sick you don't have to pay them because they failed at their job. They get rich when you're healthy, not sick. 
 In most music, we think of the "one" as the downbeat, the beginning of the musical phrase: one, two, three, four. 
So, this incident that I'm going to describe really began with some diarrhea. 
They lack nutrients, and diarrhea dehydrates them. 
And so, as a result, there is a lot of death, a lot of death. 
Many of these deaths were completely preventable, and this what I want to think of as the disconcerting thing, what I want to call "the last mile" problem. 
See, we spent a lot of energy, in many domains -- technological, scientific, hard work, creativity, human ingenuity -- to crack important social problems with technology solutions. 
We think there's an income problem, so we create new ways of farming that increase income. 
Should you increase, maintain or decrease the number of fluids?" 
Now, diarrhea's interesting because it's been around for thousands of years, ever since humankind really lived side by side enough to have really polluted water. 
So, if you think of Roman comparative advantage part of it was the breast shields, the breastplates, but part of it was drinking the right water. 
So, think of the mental model that goes behind reducing the intake. 
This first challenge is what I refer to as the persuasion challenge. 
It's more complex than that. 
And if you want to understand how it's more complex let me start with something kind of interesting. 
A lot of you said, "Ten." 
But the truth of the matter is, you look at that car, it doesn't look like a Volvo, and it doesn't look like a Hummer. 
They are saying, "This is 35 miles per gallon. I'm going to do the environmentally right thing, I'm going to buy the Prius, 50 miles per gallon." 
Another person walks into the lot, and they're about to buy a Hummer, nine miles per gallon, fully loaded, luxury. 
I'm going to take off some of that weight, and I'm going to buy a Hummer that's 11 miles per gallon." 
There's a truck on the right. Boxes fall out of the truck. 
This is a battle we all fight every day, along with trying to get to the gym. 
Anywhere between five and 10 percent increase in adherence, just as a result of this. 
We're spending a lot of time on fuel cells right now. 
No one would say, "Hey, I think this medicine works, go ahead and use it." 
The amount of resources we put in are disparate. 
Sendhil Mullainathan: Yeah, we spend a lot of time talking to marketers, and I think 60 percent of it is exactly what you say, there are insights to be gleaned there. 
So, in some sense, a lot of marketing is about convincing a CEO, "This is a good ad campaign." 
Let's come up with a few ideas, test them, see which is working, go back, synthesize, and try to come up with a thing that works," and then we're able to scale with partners. 
CA: Alright Sendhil, thanks so much for coming to TED. Thank you. 
He'd just been diagnosed with ALS, which is a disease that the average lifespan is three years. 
So, the patients print it out, because hospitals usually block us because they believe we are a social network. 
Can we find out what's going to happen to you, so that you can maybe change it?" 
You're actually doing slightly worse -- not significantly, but slightly worse. You don't want to be a lithium patient this time. 
But you know, a lot of people dropped out, the trial, there is too much drop out. 
First time we ever tried it. We'll try to get it better later but 12 months so far. 
And her husband had come in and entered her last functional scores, because he knew how much she cared. 
And the basic paradigm we want to suggest to you, I want to suggest to you, is one in which you say that in order to treat disease you have to first know what you're treating -- that's diagnostics -- and then you have to do something. 
The second is, you can put lots and lots of tests in a very small place. 
And then finally, a point that you don't think of so much in developed world medicine: it eliminates sharps. 
The triage problem. That's a hard problem for reasons that I won't go through. 
 He was telling the truth. Because in a different culture, the dog is a surrogate for you, you know, "today," "this month," "since the rainy season" -- there are lots of opportunities for misunderstanding, and so an issue here is to, in some cases, to figure out how to deal with matters that seem uninteresting, Now, take a look at what a typical test looks like. 
So, you take the drop of blood, no further manipulations, you put it on a little device, the device filters out the blood cells, lets the serum go through, and you get a series of colors down in the bottom there. 
How do you get back an accurate view of the color on Mars And the answer is not complicated but it's one which I don't want to go through here, other than to say that the communication systems for doing this are really pretty well understood. 
This is a fantastic device which is only beginning to be tapped. 
So, I think it's as low-cost as we're likely to be able to come up and make things. 
And the most recent involved a couple of people at MIT, one of them being an exceptionally bright kid who is one of the very few people I would think of who's an authentic genius. 
And this is something that sobers us in our field everyday in that, obviously, we've made remarkable impacts on cardiovascular disease, but look at cancer. The death rate in cancer in over 50 years hasn't changed. 
We've made small wins in diseases like chronic myelogenous leukemia, where we have a pill that can put 100 percent of people in remission, but in general, we haven't made an impact at all in the war on cancer. 
So, what I'm going to tell you today, is a little bit of why I think that's the case, and then go out of my comfort zone and tell you where I think it's going, where a new approach -- that we hope to push forward in terms of treating cancer. 
It is the only way you can start to fight cancer, is by catching it early. 
So, the thing about cancer is that it's a disease of the aged. 
Why is it a disease of the aged? 
So, one of the fundamental problems we have in cancer is that, right now, we describe it by a number of adjectives, symptoms: "I'm tired, I'm bloated, I have pain, etc." 
So, it is the idea of sequencing all of the genes in the cancer, and giving us a new lexicon, a new dictionary to describe it. 
You know, in the mid-1850's in France, they started to describe cancer by body part. 
When one is exposed to H1N1, you take Tamiflu, and you can remarkably decrease the severity of symptoms and prevent many of the manifestations of the disease. 
In health care today, we spend most of the dollars -- in terms of treating disease -- most of the dollars in the last two years of a person's life. 
We have designed, and we have worked on the modeling -- and much of these ideas came from Danny and from his team -- the modeling of cancer in the body as complex system. 
And a lot of the functions in the data that we have as input systems here are really different than we understand them, because we're not measuring them dynamically. 
And so, if you think of cancer as a system, there's an input and an output and a state in the middle. 
A neuron under the microscope is very elegant with little things sticking out and little things over here, but when you start to put them together in a complex system, and you start to see that it becomes a brain, and that brain can create intelligence, what we're talking about in the body, and cancer is starting to model it like a complex system. 
So the idea that chemotherapy may just be disrupting that complex system, just like building bone disrupted that system and reduced recurrence, chemotherapy may work by that same exact way. 
And I'm sorry if you can't read the numbers, they're kind of small. 
She had gotten Carboplatin Taxol, Carboplatin Taxotere, Gemcitabine, Navelbine: Every drug we have she had gotten, and that disease continued to grow. 
Six months later it's still gone. 
And so, a lot of what has been done with people like Danny Hillis and others is to try to bring in engineering principles, try to bring the software. 
So, to conclude, we need to get away from reductionist thinking. 
And so, I implore everyone here: Think differently. Come up with new ideas. 
You know, Andy Grove stepped down as chairman of the board at Intel -- and Andy was one of my mentors, tough individual. 
I had the question popped into my head: What does the cone that connects the sun and the Earth look like if you could connect the two spheres? 
JH: Thanks guys. 
TS: So here are the -- JH: All right, I'll get out of the way here. 
Some of these paintings, when you look at them very close, odd things appear that really look like horses or birds or crocodiles, elephants. 
Because since it has the ability to make forms that look like forms that we're familiar with in biology, it's also making other forms that we're not familiar with. 
All my creations really start on small drawings, which I have thousands of, and it's my way of just thinking. 
I draw with a simple pencil, and at first, the Parkinson's was really upsetting, because I couldn't get the pencil to stand still. 
You don't think of yourself as the master of these forces. 
You think of yourself as the servant. 
One is the large global economy, the large globalized economy, and the other one is the small, and very limited, capacity of our traditional governments and their international institutions to govern, to shape, this economy. 
And I think corruption, and the fight against corruption, and the impact of corruption, is probably one of the most interesting ways to illustrate what I mean with this failure of governance. 
And we all noticed immediately that this project had no economic benefits: It had no clients, nobody would buy the electricity there, nobody was interested in irrigation projects. 
They began to think of an escape route from this prisoner's dilemma, and we developed concepts of collective action, basically trying to bring various competitors together around the table, explaining to all of them how much it would be in their interests if they simultaneously would stop bribing, and to make a long story short, we managed to eventually get Germany to sign together with the other OECD countries and a few other exporters. 
And President von Weizsäcker, by the way, chaired one of the sessions, the first one, to take the fear away from the entrepreneurs, who were not used to deal with non-governmental organizations. 
And so there are still a lot of people who are not convinced that you have to stop bribing. 
In London, for instance, where the BAE got away with a huge corruption case, which the Serious Fraud Office tried to prosecute, 100 million British pounds, every year for ten years, to one particular official of one particular friendly country, who then bought for 44 billion pounds of military equipment. 
I believe that what we managed to achieve in fighting corruption, one can also achieve in other areas of failing governance. 
Can I please just see a raise of hands for how many of you have children in this room today? 
Fact: diet-related disease is the biggest killer in the United States, right now, here today. 
You see, the thing is, obesity and diet-related disease doesn't just hurt the people that have it; it's all of their friends, families, brothers, sisters. 
He's sick of it. 
But we haven't really evolved it to deal with the health catastrophes of America, OK? 
If you're an accountant, and a box-ticker, the only thing you can do in these circumstances is buy cheaper shit. 
JO: Immediately you get a really clear sense of "Do the kids know anything about where food comes from?" 
Don't get me wrong, I support milk -- but someone at the milk board probably paid a lot of money for some geezer to work out that if you put loads of flavorings, colorings and sugar in milk, more kids will drink it. 
 Now, if I came up here, and I wish I could come up here today and hang a cure for AIDS or cancer, you'd be fighting and scrambling to get to me. 
Marissa, her father died in her hand, I think she'd be quite happy if corporate America could start feeding their staff properly. 
It's free cooking lessons, guys, in the Main Street. 
I'd just love to be put in front of some of the most amazing movers and shakers in America." 
Dyslexic, so I'm a bit slow. 
My wish is for you to help a strong, sustainable movement to educate every child about food, to inspire families to cook again, and to empower people everywhere to fight obesity. 
The other thing to think of is what an honor it is, as a politician, to give a TED talk, particularly here in the U.K., where the reputation of politics, with the expenses scandal, has sunk so low. 
Because there isn't going to be a lot of money to improve public services, or to improve government, or to improve so many of the things that politicians talk about. 
And the really simple argument I want to make tonight, the really straightforward argument is this: That if we combine the right political philosophy, the right political thinking, with the incredible information revolution that has taken place, and that all of you know so much more about than I do, I think there's an incredible opportunity to actually remake politics, remake government, remake public services, and achieve what's up on that slide, which is a big increase in our well-being. 
Now, if you combine this very simple, very conservative thought -- go with the grain of human nature -- with all the advances in behavioral economics, some of which we were just hearing about, again, I think we can achieve a real increase in well-being, in happiness, in a stronger society without necessarily having to spend a whole lot more money. 
Couldn't actually turn back very much, because if you were king a thousand years ago, while it still took hours and hours and weeks and weeks to traverse your own country, there wasn't much you were in charge of. 
You weren't in charge of policing, justice, education, health, welfare. 
Think of the huge change that means: Any business that wants to bid for a government contract can see what currently is being spent. 
Choice. Now you all shop online, compare online, do everything online, and yet this revolution has hardly touched the surface of public services like education, or health care or policing, and you're going to see this change massively. 
And you can see this looks a bit like a chef's hat, but actually that's an assault, the one in blue. 
Now I also said the other principle that I think we should work on is understanding of people, is recognizing that going with the grain of human nature you can achieve so much more. 
You could fight for your country, you could die for your country, you could serve in your country's civil service, but you didn't really have the information and the knowledge and the ability to help build the stronger society in the way that you do now. 
And I think an even more wonderful speech, which I'm going to read a big chunk of, which sums up what I said at the beginning about believing there is more to life than money, and more that we should try and measure than money. 
And so, I want to kind of go through my little story of what I found out. 
I actually did research to find out the first use of the word "technology." 
So, another way to think about technology, what it means, is to imagine a world without technology. 
And if we study those hunter-gatherer tribes and the Neanderthal, which are very similar to early man, we find out a very curious thing about this world without technology, and this is a kind of a curve of their average age. 
And so the profile is sort of for your average San Francisco neighborhood: a lot of young people. 
So, what technology brought, through the very simple tools like these stone tools here -- even something as small as this -- the early bands of humans were actually able to eliminate to extinction about 250 megafauna animals in North America when they first arrived 10,000 years ago. 
And fire was used to clear out, and again, affected the ecology of grass and whole continents, and was used in cooking. 
So, with that little bit of technology, humans went from a small band of 10,000 or so -- the same number as Neanderthals everywhere -- and we suddenly exploded. With the invention of language around 50,000 years ago, the number of humans exploded, and very quickly became the dominant species on the planet. 
And so, already small amounts of technology were transforming the world. 
Stars are basically nuclear fusion machines that self-organize and self-sustain themselves for billions of years, this order against the entropy of the world. 
Things in life start out being general cell, and they become specialized: You have tissue cells, you have muscle, brain cells. And same things happens with say, a hammer, which is general at first and becomes more specific. 
So, I would like to say that while there is six kingdoms of life, we can think of technology basically as a seventh kingdom of life. 
I did a survey of a number of species of artifacts in my house, and there's 6,000. Other people have come up with 10,000. 
And with that entire wealth of England, King Henry could not buy any antibiotics, he could not buy refrigeration, he could not buy a trip of a thousand miles. 
Whereas this rickshaw wale in India could save up and buy antibiotics and he could buy refrigeration. 
He could buy things that King Henry, in all his wealth, could never buy. 
Nuclear energy, fission, is really bad idea for bombs. 
But it may be a pretty good idea relocated into sustainable nuclear energy for electricity, instead of burning coal. 
And so, what technology gives us, over the long term, over the sort of extended evolution -- from the beginning of time, through the invention of the plants and animals, and the evolution of life, the evolution of brains -- what that is constantly giving us is increasing differences: It's increasing diversity, it's increasing options, it's increasing choices, opportunities, possibilities and freedoms. 
And what I'd like to discuss today is the need to overhaul and simplify the law to release the energy and passion of Americans, so that we can begin to address the challenges of our society. 
But somehow or another, in the last couple of decades, the land of the free has become a legal minefield. 
It's changed the way we talk. I was talking to a pediatrician friend in North Carolina. He said, "Well you know, I don't deal with patients the same way anymore. 
People no longer feel free to act on their best judgment. 
We lack even a vocabulary to deal with this problem, and that's because we have the wrong frame of reference. 
Is it possible that there are extenuating circumstances that explain why Johnny turned his paper in late in Cody, Wyoming? 
Is it possible that the doctor might have done something differently when the sick person gets sicker? 
So, now I have the first of four propositions I'm going to leave with you about how you simplify the law: You've got to judge law mainly by its effect on the broader society, not individual disputes. 
The fear has chilled professional interaction so thousands of tragic errors occur because doctors are afraid to speak up: "Are you sure that's the right dosage?" 
It doesn't seem to be working very well does it? 
So, that's my second proposition: Trust is an essential condition to a free society. 
It drives people from the smart part of the brain -- that dark, deep well of the subconscious, where instincts and experience, and all the other factors of creativity and good judgment are -- it drives us to the thin veneer of conscious logic. 
If you make people self-conscious about their judgments, studies show you will make them make worse judgments. 
Life is too complex for... 
 Life is too complex for a software program. 
To make law simple so that you feel free, the people in charge have to be free to use their judgment to interpret and apply the law in accord with reasonable social norms. 
Maybe you've got a claim in small claims court for your lost pair of pants for $100, but not in a court of general jurisdiction for millions of dollars. 
Case dismissed without prejudice or refiling in small claims court. 
We can pull the plug on a lot of this stuff if we shift our philosophy. 
If the judge doesn't have the authority to toss out unreasonable claims, then all of us go through the day looking over our shoulders. 
A free society requires red lights and green lights, otherwise it soon descends into gridlock. 
It's the only way to get our freedom back, and it's the only way to release the energy and passion needed so that we can meet the challenges of our time. Thank you. 
You check your email while you're sitting here. 
Now, how does this work? Well, there is these smart Band-Aids or these sensors that one would put on, on a shoe or on the wrist. 
And this Wired Magazine cover article really captured a lot of this; it talked a lot about the Nike shoe and how quickly that's been adopted to monitor exercise physiology and energy expenditure. 
A lot of you have gotten that Phillips Direct Life. 
However you have to put in most of this stuff. 
You put in your height and weight, it calculates BMI, and of course it tells you how many calories you're expending from the exercise, and how many you took in, if you go in and enter all the foods. 
Alzheimer's disease: there's five million people affected, and you can check vital signs, activity, balance. 
Diabetes I've just mentioned. Heart failure we already talked about. Hypertension: 74 million people could have continuous blood-pressure monitoring to come up with much better management and prevention. And obesity we already talked about, the ways to get to that. 
So, we can change medicine across the continuum of care, across the ages from premies or unborn children to seniors; the pharmaceutical arena changes; the full spectrum of disease -- I hope I've given you a sense of that -- across the globe. 
Over 80 major diseases have been cracked at the genomic level, but this is quite extraordinary: More has been learned about the underpinnings of disease in the last two and a half years than in the history of man. 
And I actually feel at home here, because there's a lot of autism genetics here. 
You have to get away from verbal language. 
And one of my big concerns with a lot of policy things today is things are getting too abstract. 
I'm really concerned that a lot of the schools have taken out the hands-on classes, because art, and classes like that, those are the classes where I excelled. 
In my work with cattle, I noticed a lot of little things that most people don't notice would make the cattle balk. Like, for example, this flag waving, right in front of the veterinary facility. 
And I was shocked to find out that my thinking was quite different. Like if I say, "Think about a church steeple" most people get this sort of generalized generic one. 
Now, maybe that's not true in this room, but it's going to be true in a lot of different places. 
And they come up one at a time, and then I think, "OK, well maybe we can have it snow, or we can have a thunderstorm," and I can hold it there and turn them into videos. 
And there were a lot of kind of Asperger types and autism types working out there on the movie set too. 
And there I got a gigantic one, and the control over there, the blue one, has got a really small one. 
Gigantic mistake: I'm finding a lot of kids who need to skip algebra, go right to geometry and trig. 
It's all very detailed information, and, looking at these kind of details gave me a lot of insight into animals. 
Now, this ability to put information into categories, I find a lot of people are not very good at this. 
When I'm out troubleshooting equipment or problems with something in a plant, they don't seem to be able to figure out, "Do I have a training people issue? 
I find a lot of people have difficulty doing that. 
Now, here is a horse that was deathly afraid of black cowboy hats. 
And one of the things that is driving me really crazy, as I travel around and I do autism meetings, is I'm seeing a lot of smart, geeky, nerdy kids, and they just aren't very social, and nobody's working on developing their interest in something like science. 
Because I'm seeing a lot of these geeky nerdy kids, and the teachers out in the Midwest, and the other parts of the country, when you get away from these tech areas, they don't know what to do with these kids. 
I'm seeing too many of these smart kids who haven't learned basic things, like how to be on time. 
I really get fed up when they, you know, the teachers, especially when you get away from this part of the country, they don't know what to do with these smart kids. 
Because what I'm observing is the good teachers, for a lot of these kids, are out in the community colleges, but we need to be getting some of these good teachers into the high schools. 
Another thing that can be very, very, very successful is there is a lot of people that may have retired from working in the software industry, and they can teach your kid. 
And this is before the Internet got really big. 
The second piece of bad news will be delivered to you by neuroscientists, who will tell you that if you are older than four or five years of age, that even if you have your eye corrected, the chances of your brain learning how to see are very, very slim -- again, slim or none. 
Scientific reason is that this notion from neuroscience of critical periods -- that if the brain is older than four or five years of age, it loses its ability to learn -- that doesn't sit well with me, because I don't think that idea has been tested adequately. 
We did a paper a few years ago about this woman that you see on the right, SRD, and she got her sight late in life, and her vision is remarkable at this age. 
So when we started finding these results, as you might imagine, it created quite a bit of stir in the scientific and the popular press. 
What might be the causal connections between the early developing skills and the later developing ones? 
The brain has this complex task of putting together, integrating, subsets of these regions into something that's more meaningful, into what we would consider to be objects, as you see on the right. 
Here's a person who had gained sight just a couple of weeks ago, and you see Ethan Myers, a graduate student from MIT, running the experiment with him. 
So the world is this complex patchwork of regions. 
 In fact, Pam, if you're watching this, please forgive me. 
Looking ahead, if you think of this disk as representing all of the children we've treated so far, this is the magnitude of the problem. 
I had no clue what she was talking about, but it was convincing enough for me never to draw again Thanks to a really boring lecture, I started caricaturing my teachers in school. 
And, you know, I got a lot of popularity. 
She's a bit of a hippie. 
And what happened was, to my luck, I saw a nuclear scientist at whose party I had done cartoons. 
I saw this dead, naked effigy of himself hanging from the ceiling. 
As much energy as I put into them while making them, they never danced. 
I must have been 19 and a half then, and it was love at first sight. 
 No, they were really big geeks, and they didn't know much about art. 
She contacted anyone and everyone who was willing to buy my work. 
 But this brought me -- with Netra managing my career -- it brought me a lot of success. 
I was really happy. I thought of myself as a bit of a rockstar. 
And you won't believe it, we put together a list of 7,000 people, who had made a difference -- a ridiculous list, but I was determined to bring them to India, so -- a lot of them were in India. 
The Bollywood stars who I would party with and buy my work disappeared. 
It turned nasty, and I'm a bit of a chicken. 
And I thought the best way, as most of you know who have children, the best way to have a new lease on life, is to have a child. 
And that's what I'm going to talk about, how a small change leads to a very big revolution. 
The only difference between the Mahabharata and our cricket was that in cricket, everybody was alive to come back and fight the next day. 
Or you could play many games in one small patch of land, even if you didn't know which game you were actually in. 
So, it's a bit of a curve, that. 
 The Pakistani batsman trying to clear the fielder. 
But it was also a slightly more orthodox India that was very happy to be modern, but didn't want to say that to people. 
 Of course, a lot of people said, "Maybe they dance better than they play." 
I'm so happy that you're here because I think we can show that we can both be together and be friends, right? 
We'd also made cricket the only sport in India, which is a pity, but in India every other sport pushes cricket to become big, which is a bit of a tragedy of our times. 
You can't take a timeless test to China and sit through 14 days with no result in the end, or you can't take it all over the world. 
And from these bedrooms and living rooms and garages, with cheap webcams, lies the world's great dancers of tomorrow. 
Please be excited, have fun, yell, scream. 
 : Madd Chadd: When people first see me, I get a lot of different reactions actually. 
  J Smooth: When I'm in the zone -- I'm dancing and free styling it -- I actually visually kind of picture lines, and moving them. 
I think of like, Transformers, like how panels open and then they fold, they fold in, and then you close that panel. 
  Kid David: It's kind of like, honestly a lot of times I don't really know what's going on when I'm dancing. 
I was young when I started. I was younger than a lot of the people I was dancing with. 
I have a vision for each one of you, and the vision I have for you is that when you wake up in the morning, your blood is singing at the thought of being who you are and doing what you do; that as you go through the day, you can literally sink to your knees in gratitude at the tremendous good fortune that's been bestowed on you; that as you go through the day, 
So whatever you get that can make you happy can go away. 
But it isn't: it's just a mental model, and the mental model we have that we buy into so strongly is that we have to get something so we can do something so we can be something. 
Like, we have to get a great deal of money so we can travel to exotic places so we can be happy. 
If I were to get a better job, if I were to get more money, if my boss would have a heart attack, if only I was married, if only my wife would leave me --  if only I had children, if my children would grow up and go to college ... 
So let me show you how you can get out of that, or at least you can begin the steps towards getting out of that. 
We all live our lives because we want to achieve something, correct? 
Have any of you recognized that when you have a goal and you start to work towards it, some of the time you don't achieve your goal, and some of the time what you get is the exact opposite of what you wanted? 
Like there was a friend of mine who said, "Gee, you know, I have not been paying a lot of attention to my wife, and this has to change." 
Well, we live in a world where what we think of, what we invest in, is the outcome. 
And the best way to describe that is a quote by John Wooden. 
Have you ever seen a small child learn to walk? 
After some time, mommy feels tired and no longer runs up and the child stops crying, and then she gets up, takes a step and doesn't fall down, and then she takes another, and a beautiful smile comes on her face. 
Now, imagine what would happen if each time the child fell, she would say, "Oh my God, I failed again. 
And you have to get counseling for her to help her deal with feelings of inadequacy and not being able to achieve and fail yet again. 
And they invariably come up with, you know, here is a list of things. 
Here's my job and here's how much it pays, this is the kind of person my boss is, the kind of people my colleagues are, and here's how my customers are, here's how much I travel, here's how big my office is, how deep the carpeting is, how many windows I have -- a bunch of parameters. 
Persons come up whom you're delighted to meet. 
Two days it took the Times Online to make a map, a mashable map -- we call these things mash-ups -- a mashed-up user interface that allows you to go in there and have a look and find out whether your bicycle route to work was affected. 
You can burrow down by a particular type of spending, or you can go through all the different regions and compare them. 
Now, if you look at what that adjacent property is worth, you could actually buy the property, cut down the shrubbery to improve the sight line, and then sell it off again. 
The answer is to enable cars to come in from that side road safely. 
Because there are a lot of people who might live up there and if they're waiting forever a long queue could form because the cars aren't slowing down on the main road. 
When people come to an unfamiliar situation they don't know how to deal with they slow down. 
OK. We've heard a lot of people about the power of the human mind. 
Everybody's on oxygen, your supplies are limited, and you either have to go up or go down, make that decision very quickly. 
This is a radio he used later to call his wife that I'll tell you about. 
Our two strongest climbers, Todd Burleson and Pete Athans, decided to go up to try to rescue who they could even though there was a ferocious storm going. 
I was faced with treating a lot of critically ill patients at 24,000 feet, which was an impossibility. 
I couldn't imagine anybody laying in the snow that long a time and then getting up. 
So let's take a cut through the brain here, and imagine that Beck was hooked up to a SPECT scan. 
He's trying to get his muscles going and get out of this. 
You go on to the next scan, but, in Beck's case, you can see that the middle part of his brain is beginning to light up again. 
He's beginning to think about his family. 
He's beginning to have images that are motivating him to get up. 
a lot of neuroscientists believe the seat of will exists. 
He's beginning to focus, he can concentrate now. 
His heart and lungs are going to pick up speed. 
And so, what I'm going to tell you about is a way to tell a person who's in trauma -- find a way to de-animate them a bit so they're a little more immortal when they have that heart attack. 
You go to the pet store or the toy store, and you can buy these things. 
A couple of years later -- so I get really excited about these things -- about a couple of years later, there was a 13-month-old, she was from Canada. 
So what I was trying to do is think of a way that we could study suspended animation to think about a way to reproduce, maybe, what happened to the skier. 
Well, we had a lot of them. 
I'd like to buy some concentrated, compressed gas cylinders of a lethal gas because I have these ideas, see, about wanting to suspend people. 
So that's kind of a tough day, but I said, "There really is some basis for thinking why you might want to do this." 
And so, we wanted to find out might we be able to use hydrogen sulfide in the presence of cold, and we wanted to see whether we could reproduce this skier in a mammal. 
It's rapidly metabolized, and all you have to do after six hours of being is simply put the thing out in room air, and it warms up, and it's none the worse for wear. 
Really. Because we had found a way to de-animate a mammal, and it didn't hurt it. 
So we started to think: Is this the agent that might have been present in the skier, and might have she had more of it than someone else, and might that have been able to reduce her demand for oxygen before she got so cold that she otherwise would have died, So, we wondered: Can we do anything useful with this capacity to control metabolic flexibility? 
And when supply is equal to demand, everything's fine, but when supply falls, in this case of oxygen, and demand stays high, you're dead. 
If you give mice hydrogen sulfide, you can lower their demand for oxygen, and you can put them into oxygen concentrations that are as low as 5,000 feet above the top of Mt. Everest, and they can sit there for hours, and there's no problem. 
And this company, the first thing it did was make a liquid formulation of hydrogen sulfide an injectable form that we could put in and send it out to physician scientists all over the world who work on models of critical care medicine, and the results are incredibly positive. 
And this all happened really quickly because of a lot of help from a lot of people. 
And then, they will have the time, that will buy them the time, to be transported to the hospital to get the care they need. 
If you think about the phone -- and Intel has tested a lot of the things I'm going to show you, over the last 10 years, in about 600 elderly households -- 300 in Ireland, and 300 in Portland -- trying to understand: How do we measure and monitor behavior in a medically meaningful way? 
We're testing these kinds of simple sensor-network technologies in the home so that any phone that a senior is already comfortable with can help them deal with their medications. 
And a lot of what they do is they pick up the phone, and it's our system whispering to them which pill they need to take, and they fake like they're having a conversation with a friend. 
And as we monitor phone usage by seniors over a long period of time, down to the tenths of a microsecond, that recognition moment of whether they can figure out that person on the other end is a friend and we start talking to them immediately, or they do a lot of what's called trouble talk, where they're like, "Wait, who is this? Oh." Right? 
Has their voice gotten more quiet? We're doing a lot of work with people with Alzheimer's and particularly with Parkinson's, where that quiet voice that sometimes shows up with Parkinson's patients may be the best early indicator of Parkinson's five to 10 years before it shows up clinically. 
When you pick up the phone, how much tremor are you having, and what is that like, and what is that trend like over a period of time? 
How do we measure changes in behavior in a meaningful way that's going to help us with prevention of disease, early onset of disease, and tracking the progression of disease over a long period of time? 
Now, why would Intel let me spend a lot of time and money, over the last 10 years, trying to understand the needs of seniors and start thinking about these kinds of behavioral markers? 
And that switchover, when we had the larger number of older people on the planet, for the first time than younger people. 
And 10 years ago it seemed like I had a lot of time to convince Intel to work on this. Right? 
This is 50 tsunamis scheduled on the calendar, but somehow we can't sort of marshal our government and innovative forces to sort of get out in front of it and do something about it. We'll wait until it's more of a catastrophe, and react, as opposed to prepare for it. 
Now, I'm Eric Dishman. I speak English, I work for Intel, I make a good salary, I'm smart about falls and fall-related injuries -- it's an area of research that I work on. 
What happens if you don't have money, you don't speak English or don't have the kind of access to deal with these kinds of problems that inevitably occur? 
Here's what some of this data might look like. 
I'm not bragging about how much we fund; it's how little anyone else actually pays attention to aging and funds innovation on aging, chronic disease management and independent living in the home. 
So we had a lot of discussion on how to introduce Elizabeth, and I said, "OK, maybe I am too Bollywood. 
Elizabeth: If it please you, sir. 
 What am I doing? I'm trying to buy time. 
I'm trying to buy time. 
Get out of it, get it out. 
And at night I would lie out, looking at the unpolluted sky, as Delhi used to be at that time when I was a kid, and I used to stare at the universe and say, "How far does this universe go?" 
So I said, "Please measure forever because in school they're teaching me that if I cannot measure it, it does not exist. 
And then when I would run out of that story, I would imagine that woodcutter's universe is one atom in the ax of another woodcutter. 
So when I look at a film, here's what we look for: We look for a story on the plot level, on the psychological level, then we look for a story on the political level, then we look at a story on a mythological level. 
And I look for stories on each level. 
And the mortal self was the girl that Walter Raleigh was sent, and gradually he separated her so she was free to be divine. 
You dare to keep secrets from me? 
That's where she has to pull herself out from the depths of mortality, come in, release her spirit. 
That first blush of blue is where the night and day are trying to find harmony with each other. 
The problem with a lot of the storytelling in Hollywood and many films, and as [unclear] was saying in his, that we try to resolve the contradiction. 
Now, it's often said that science cannot give us a foundation for morality and human values, because science deals with facts, and facts and values seem to belong to different spheres. 
Even if you get your values from religion, even if you think that good and evil ultimately relate to conditions after death -- either to an eternity of happiness with God or an eternity of suffering in hell -- you are still concerned about consciousness and its changes. 
And to say that such changes can persist after death is itself a factual claim, which, of course, may or may not be true. 
And I think of this as kind of a moral landscape, with peaks and valleys that correspond to differences in the well-being of conscious creatures, both personal and collective. 
Now, let me be clear about what I'm not saying. I'm not saying that science is guaranteed to map this space, or that we will have scientific answers to every conceivable moral question. 
I don't think, for instance, that you will one day consult a supercomputer to learn whether you should have a second child, or whether we should bomb Iran's nuclear facilities, or whether you can deduct the full cost of TED as a business expense. 
The distinction between a healthy person and a dead one is about as clear and consequential as any we make in science. 
Well think of how we talk about food: I would never be tempted to argue to you that there must be one right food to eat. 
But there's nevertheless a clear distinction between food and poison. 
Now, it is the position, generally speaking, of our intellectual community that while we may not like this, we might think of this as "wrong" in Boston or Palo Alto, who are we to say that the proud denizens of an ancient culture are wrong to force their wives and daughters to live in cloth bags? 
Now the irony, from my perspective, is that the only people who seem to generally agree with me and who think that there are right and wrong answers to moral questions are religious demagogues of one form or another. 
This is why we spend our time talking about things like gay marriage and not about genocide or nuclear proliferation or poverty or any other hugely consequential issue. 
It is possible for individuals, and even for whole cultures, to care about the wrong things, which is to say that it's possible for them to have beliefs and desires that reliably lead to needless human suffering. 
It seems to me, therefore, patently obvious that we can no more respect and tolerate vast differences in notions of human well-being than we can respect or tolerate vast differences in the notions about how disease spreads, or in the safety standards of buildings and airplanes. 
I've lived in the Muslim world, spoken with a lot of Muslim women. 
And so, if anyone in this room wanted to wear a veil, or a very funny hat, or tattoo their face -- I think we should be free to voluntarily do whatever we want, but we have to be honest about the constraints that these women are placed under. 
And so I think we shouldn't be so eager to always take their word for it, especially when it's 120 degrees out and you're wearing a full burqa. 
CA: A lot of people want to believe in this concept of moral progress. 
Paint your picture of what rolling the clock 50 years forward, 100 years forward, how you would like to think of the world, balancing moral progress with richness. 
Illegal wildlife trade in Brazil is one of the major threats against our fauna, especially birds, and mainly to supply the pet market with thousands of animals taken from nature every month, and transported far from their origins, to be sold mainly in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo. 
Some lucky ones -- and among them, Brad -- go to serious rehabilitation centers after that. 
And on the bottom, my personal favorite, the little male over there, four hours after his release he was together with a wild female. 
However this is still a minority for the very lack of knowledge. 
If you're a veteran coming back from Iraq or Vietnam you face a blizzard of paperwork to get your benefits; if you're trying to get a small business loan, you face a blizzard of paperwork. 
 There are a couple of things going on right now There is a lot of discussion now about a consumer financial protection agency, how to mandate simplicity. 
So, there is a lot of water below the surface. 
We will look for methane as well as other gasses produced by living systems. 
A lot of heating, frictional heating. It's going 18 thousand miles an hour. 
We're ready to go. All we need is a check from NASA headquarters  to cover the costs. 
Being numerous does not make you a slave. Add in the increased vulnerability of very large numbers of people in the developing world, caused by civil wars, ethnic conflicts, kleptocratic governments, disease ... you name it, you know it. 
We understand how that works. In some countries all of those things happen at once, like Sierra Leone a few years ago, and push enormous parts ... about a billion people in the world, in fact, as we know, live on the edge, live in situations where they don't have any opportunity and are usually even destitute. 
Though, for a lot of people, the people who step into slavery today don't usually get kidnapped or knocked over the head. 
and novel about slavery today, and that is a complete collapse in the price of human beings -- expensive in the past, dirt cheap now. 
If you look at a long-term chart, prices are at historical lows and yet global demand for forced labor is still real strong. 
MO: We're recommending to our clients a buy and hold strategy. 
There's a lot of vulnerable people out there. It's very exciting. 
You buy them cheaply, you use them, you crumple them up, and then when you're done with them you just throw them away. 
One of their mothers said to us, "You know, we can't survive here, but we can't even seem to die either." 
And if there is anything that makes me feel very positive about this, it's that there are also -- in addition to young men like this who are still enslaved -- there are ex-slaves who are now working to free others. 
KB: James and our country director in Ghana, Emmanuel Otoo are now receiving regular death threats because the two of them managed to get convictions and imprisonment for three human traffickers for the very first time in Ghana for enslaving people, from the fishing industry, for enslaving children. 
But there is actually a very positive side to this, and that is this: The 27 million people who are in slavery today, that's a lot of people, but it's also of the global population to ever be in slavery. 
We do not buy people out of slavery. 
It's not a lot of money at the global level. 
We played with the children, and came back home really tired, exhausted, but with images of bright faces, twinkling eyes, and went to sleep. 
I mean like once I pick up one book I cannot put it down until I finish the whole book. 
But isn't it strange that little boys all over the world love fast bikes?  He hasn't seen one, he hasn't ridden one, of course, but he has done a lot of research through Google search. 
And again, there were people who laughed at me and said, "Don't be crazy choosing such a tough curriculum for these students. 
So, you can imagine how traumatized and how dysfunctional the houses are where our children come from. 
Vocational skill program for the older siblings so the younger ones are not stopped from coming to school. 
Everybody was very friendly, especially I got a lot of friends. 
Last year there were a couple of kids from elite schools that came to ask for admissions in our school. 
He comes for a tummy rub, because he believes that will give me luck.  When I started Parikrma I began with a great deal of arrogance of transforming the world. 
Parusharam is Parikrma with a simple beginning but a long way to go. 
Someday, little robots will go through our bloodstreams fixing things. 
 So, over the next minute, you'll see all of those that prefer to stick with the crowd because eventually they would be ridiculed for not joining in. 
For kids like me, being called childish can be a frequent occurrence. 
Sometimes a knowledge of history and the past failures of Utopian ideals can be a burden, because you know that if everything were free, then the food stocks would become depleted and scarce and lead to chaos. 
In many ways, our audacity to imagine helps push the boundaries of possibility. 
Now, when you think of glass, you might think of colorful Chihuly designs, or maybe Italian vases, but kids challenge glass artists to go beyond that, into the realm of brokenhearted snakes and bacon boys, who you can see has meat vision. 
Kids already do a lot of learning from adults, and we have a lot to share. 
The reality, unfortunately, is a little different, and it has a lot to do with trust, or a lack of it. 
If I doubt my older sister's ability to pay back the 10 percent interest I established on her last loan, I'm going to withhold her ability to get more money from me, until she pays it back.  True story, by the way. 
Now, adults seem to have a prevalently restrictive attitude towards kids, from every "Don't do that, don't do this" in the school handbook, to restrictions on school Internet use. 
Now, what's even worse than restriction, is that adults often underestimate kids' abilities. 
 Adults and fellow TEDsters, you need to listen and learn from kids, and trust us and expect more from us. 
Well, one or two brave souls. 
And a small part of my brain is thinking, 'That is so gross and really dangerous,' but most of my brain is thinking, 'Please let there be some smack left by the time it gets to me. 
Please let there be some left.'" And then, telling me this story, Frankie said, "You know ... God, drugs really make you stupid." 
So his choice was either to accept that dirty needle or not to get high. 
Because your choice now is either I use my own needle now, or I could share a needle now and get a disease that's going to possibly kill me 10 years from now, or I could use my own needle now and go to jail tomorrow. 
So we could make this problem go away simply by making clean needles universally available and taking away the fear of arrest. 
And she put in the world's first national needle exchange program, and other countries followed suit: Australia, The Netherlands and few others. 
So, if she didn't invest in effective prevention, she was going to have pick up the costs of treatment later on, and obviously those are much higher. 
Now, if I take out my public health nerd glasses here and look at these data, it seems like a no-brainer, doesn't it? 
So, these are reviews of hundreds of studies by all the big muckety-mucks of the scientific pantheon in the United States, and these are the studies that show needle programs are effective -- quite a lot of them. 
Well, I'm not even going to address the clearly irrational positions of people like the Catholic Church, who think somehow that if you give out condoms, everyone's going to run out and have sex. 
I've always been a bit curious about that because I think stigma is a bad thing, whereas lots of sex is quite a good thing, but we'll leave that be. 
So essentially, you're able to achieve quite high rates of condom use in commercial sex. 
And he's probably not having a lot of sex right now, but he is a reminder in the population, of why you might want to be using condoms. 
AIDS was a disfiguring disease that killed you, and HIV is an invisible virus that makes you take a pill every day. 
We've talked a lot about compassion the last couple of days, and what's happening really is that people are unable quite to bring themselves to put in good sexual and reproductive health services for sex workers, unable quite to be giving out needles to junkies. 
But once they've gone from being transgressive people whose behaviors we don't want to condone to being AIDS victims, we come over all compassionate and buy them incredibly expensive drugs for the rest of their lives. 
So it's not a great job, but for a lot of people it really is quite a rational choice. 
And everyone who's in this room, and everyone who's watching this out there on the web, I think, has a duty to demand of their politicians that we make policy based on scientific evidence and on common sense. 
And it turns out that with 60 Minutes cameras rolling in the background, after he pretty much made his position clear on this -- he had his hook and he had his -- he wore this arm for less than two hours and was able to pour himself a drink and got quite emotional over the fact that, quote -- his quote -- it's the first time he's felt like he's had an arm in 39 years. 
They were quite proud of the fact that you know, before the dust clears, if some soldier has been hurt they will have collected him or her, they will have brought him back, they will be getting world-class triage emergency care faster than you and I would be getting it if we were hurt in a car accident in a major city in the United States. 
And then the surgeon pointed out, with a lot of anger, he said, "Why is it? At the end of the Civil War, they were shooting each other with muskets. If somebody lost an arm, we gave them a wooden stick with a hook on it. 
No, the guy says, "We're going to bring a guy into this conference room, and wearing the arm you're going to give us, he or she is going to pick up a raisin or a grape If it's the grape, they won't break it." 
Now, I cannot imagine -- I'm sorry, you may have a better imagination than I do -- I can't imagine losing my arm, and typically at 22 years old. 
And trust me, I've got a day job, I've got a lot of day jobs. 
And I've got a lot of day jobs. 
He's going to pick up a grape -- he didn't drop it, he didn't break it -- and he's going to eat it. 
We did see a bunch of people, a lot of them missing a lot of body parts, and parts they had left were burned; half a face gone, an ear burned off. 
And he said, "You know, I'm the lucky guy at this table. 
And they shipped him to Germany and 24 hours later they shipped him from Germany to Walter Reed. 
He's got a small residual limb on one side. 
This is not a happy thing. Look, if this happens to you, I can give you ... This stuff is still not as good at the original equipment." 
Those are tough questions. 
What you see over here, this yellow thing, this is not a death ray.  This is just to show you that if you have cameras or different types of sensors -- because it is tall, it's 1.8 meters tall -- you can see over obstacles like bushes and those kinds of things. 
The one in front, the smaller, is STriDER II. 
It's still not perfected -- its coffee falls down -- so we still have a lot of work to do. 
So, think of a rimless wheel or a spoke wheel, but the spokes individually move in and out of the hub; so, it's a wheel-leg hybrid. 
For most small wheeled robots, they use a method called differential steering where the left and right wheel turns the opposite direction. 
So, I've been talking to a lot of NASA JPL scientists -- at JPL they are famous for the Mars rovers -- and the scientists, geologists always tell me that the real interesting science, the science-rich sites, are always at the cliffs. 
We also have been working with some scientists and engineers from UPenn to come up with a chemically actuated version of this amoeba robot. 
There are a lot of really neat, very good robotic hands out there in the market. 
And it can actually crush an empty soda can. 
It can pick up very delicate objects like a raw egg, or in this case, a lightbulb. 
It takes really a lot of time and it's expensive to train the operator to operate this complex arm. 
In this case it's very intuitive; this student, probably his first time using it, doing very complex manipulation tasks, picking up objects and doing manipulation, just like that. Very intuitive. 
As you know, we are very interested in humanoid robot, human walking, so we decided to build a small humanoid robot. 
 DARwIn also has a lot of other talents. 
Where do we come up with these ideas? 
And it isn't just bright flowers that have pollen; it's also trees and grasses. 
The little hole in the middle, we'll come to a bit later, but that's for the pollen tube to come out later on. A very tiny tube. 
using their clothing, certainly in the U.K., to within an area that's small enough that you can send in tracker dogs to find the murder victim. 
 ♫ My age is three hundred ♫ ♫ and seventy-two ♫ ♫ I think with the deepest regret ♫ ♫ How I used to pick up and voraciously chew ♫ ♫ the dear little boys ♫ I've eaten them raw in their holiday suits, ♫ ♫ Eaten them curried with rice, ♫ ♫ I've eaten them baked in their jackets and boots, ♫ ♫ And found them exceedingly nice. ♫ 
Molly and May ♫ ♫ Maggie and Milly, Molly and May ♫  ♫ Molly was chased by a horrible thing ♫ ♫ Which raced sideways blowing ♫ ♫ Blowing ♫ ♫ Blowing ♫ ♫ May came home with a smooth, round stone ♫ ♫ Small as a world and as large as alone ♫  ♫ For whatever we lose like a you or a me ♫ ♫ Always ourselves 
He went there after the death of his wife of smallpox and brought his two young children. 
 ♫ Well, if no one ever marries me ♫ ♫ And I don't see why they should, ♫ ♫ Nurse says I'm not pretty, ♫ ♫ And you know I'm seldom good, seldom good -- ♫ ♫ Well, if no one ever marries me ♫ ♫ I shan't mind very much; ♫ ♫ Buy a squirrel in a cage ♫ ♫ And a little rabbit-hutch. ♫ ♫ If no one marries me ♫ 
♫ And 28 or nine -- ♫ ♫ Buy myself a little orphan girl ♫ ♫ And bring her up as mine. ♫ ♫ If no one marries me ♫ ♫ If no one marries me ♫ ♫ If no one marries me ♫ ♫ If no one marries me ♫ ♫ Well, if no one marries me ♫ ♫ Marries me ♫ ♫ Well, if no one marries me ♫ 
It is to explain death to a child, and it deserves a piece of plain-song music." 
♫ Margaret, are you grieving ♫ ♫ Over Goldengrove unleaving, by and by? ♫ ♫ Leaves, like the things of man, you ♫ ♫ With your fresh thoughts care for, can you? ♫ ♫ But as the heart grows older ♫ ♫ It will come to such sights much colder ♫ ♫ By and by, nor spare a sigh ♫ ♫ Though worlds of wanwood leafmeal lie; ♫ ♫ And yet you will weep 
The truth is that we know that the images themselves don't change the world, but we're also aware that, since the beginning of photography, images have provoked reactions in people, and those reactions have caused change to happen. 
Many people credit a lot of the birth of the environmental movement to our seeing the planet like this for the first time -- its smallness, its fragility. 
Well, I think what is far worse is man's destructive power over man. Samuel Pisar, an Auschwitz survivor, said, and I'll quote him, "The Holocaust teaches us that nature, even in its cruelest moments, is benign in comparison with man, when he loses his moral compass and his reason." 
Now, images have power to shed light of understanding on suspicion, ignorance, and in particular -- I've given a lot of talks on this but I'll just show one image -- In the 1980s, the stigmatization of people with the disease was an enormous barrier to even discussing or addressing it. 
Thankfully, when these photos appeared in The Guardian in 1998, they put a lot of focus and attention and, in the end, a lot of money towards the Sudan famine relief efforts. 
Now, if I compare that to a cotton towel that I can use a thousand times, I don't have a whole lot of embodied energy until I wash that yogurty towel. 
 So what this says is that sometimes the things that you least expect -- the position in which you put the handle -- have a bigger effect than any of those other things that you were trying to optimize. 
Now imagine someone as twisted as me trying to build a house. 
We then dug a big hole to put in a rainwater catchment tank to take our yard water independent. 
We then put in framing. 
We then put in plumbing, electrical and HVAC, and insulate. 
So I marveled for a moment, and then decided it was time to release him, so I put him down. 
And the aquarium had a lot of big fish tanks but not a lot of invertebrate displays, and being the spineless guy, I thought, well I'll just go out in the field and collect these wonderful animals I had been learning about as a student and bring them in, and I built these elaborate sets and put them on display. 
I went up to the front of the tank, and he's just staring at me, and he had little horns come up above his eyes. 
And then I realize the octopus won the arms race, because I was out and he had six left.  But the only way I can describe what I was seeing that day was that this octopus was playing, which is a pretty sophisticated behavior for a mere invertebrate. 
If you're a wildlife filmmaker and you're going out into the field to film animals, especially behavior, it helps to have a fundamental background on who these animals are, how they work and, you know, a bit about their behaviors. 
And there's a beautiful reef, very complex reef, with lots of animals, including a lot of octopus. 
And they had a lot of different techniques that they would use for foraging, but this particular one used vision. 
And I don't know whether they actually saw crab in it, or imagined that one might be, but whatever the case, they would leap off the bottom and go through the water and land right on top of this coral head, and then the web between the arms would completely engulf the coral head, and they would fish out, swim for crabs. 
So we created a way to find out,  and I got my first look at that famous beak in action. 
If you're going to make a lot of films about a particular group of animals, you might as well pick one that's fairly common. 
If you ever really want to get away from it all and see something that you have never seen, and have an excellent chance of seeing something no one has ever seen, get in a sub. 
And as you go down, the washing machine at the surface calms down. 
But you go back to the same vent eight years later and it can be completely dead. 
And this kind of life and death of hydrothermal vent communities is going on every 30 or 40 years all along the ridge. 
She said that a small group of thoughtful people could change the world. 
And a small group of thoughtful people changed that bay. 
I've been to a lot of lectures where, at the end of it, inevitably, one of the first questions that comes up is, "But, but what can I do? 
The vent community animals can't really do much about the life and death that's going on where they live, but up here we can. 
To look at 1968, in the incredible historic moment that it is, and think of the arc that has happened since then, to think of the possibilities that we are all privileged to stand in today and imagine that this museum that came out of a moment of great protest examining the history and the legacy of important African-American artists to the history of art in this country like Jacob Lawrence, Norman Lewis, 
To this end, the specific project that has made this possible for me is a series of exhibitions, all titled with an F -- Freestyle, Frequency and Flow -- which have set out to discover and define the young, black artists working in this moment who I feel strongly will continue to work over the next many years. 
I am continually amazed by the way in which the subject of race can take itself in many places that we don't imagine it should be. 
Right after I completed my Ph.D., I was lucky enough to be included with a group of scientists that was using it for the first time as a tool for ocean exploration. 
But you don't always have to go down to the depths of the ocean to see a light show like this. 
So, if you stagger into the head late at night and you're so toilet-hugging sick that you forget to turn on the light, you may think that you're having a religious experience.  So, how does a living creature make light? 
He ground it up and he managed to get out a couple of chemicals; one, the enzyme, he called luciferase; the substrate, he called luciferin after Lucifer the Lightbearer. 
That terminology has stuck, but it doesn't actually refer to specific chemicals because these chemicals come in a lot of different shapes and forms. 
Another thing all these molecules are telling us that, apparently, bioluminescence has evolved at least 40 times, maybe as many as 50 separate times which is a clear indication of how spectacularly important this trait is for survival. 
And a lot of animals will use their bioluminescence as a lure. 
And we know a little bit more about bioluminescence thanks to Pixar, and I'm very grateful to Pixar for sharing my favorite topic with so many people. 
She always knows where he is, and she doesn't have to be monogamous, come up with multiple males attached. 
A lot of them can release their luciferin or luferase in the water just the way a squid or an octopus will release an ink cloud. 
And there are a lot of different animals that can do this: There's jellyfish, there's squid, there's a whole lot of different crustaceans, there's even fish that can do this. 
The other primary way is we go down with submersibles and remote-operated vehicles. 
When I'm sitting in a submersible though, I know that I'm not unobtrusive at all -- I've got bright lights and noisy thrusters -- any animal with any sense is going to be long gone. 
Needless to say, when it's kluged together like this, there were a lot of trials and tribulations getting this working. 
And we have this photograph posted in our lab in a place of honor with the caption: "Engineer satisfying two women at once."  And we were very, very happy. 
And I know this footage isn't going to look like anything to you -- we had a crummy camera at the time -- but I was ecstatic. 
So if you ever, ever get an opportunity to take a dive in a submersible, say yes -- a thousand times, yes -- and please turn out the lights. 
These are not glasses, these are empty frames.  Quite empty frames. 
Now why would a grown man appear before you wearing empty frames on his face? 
I'll explain that in just a moment. 
Ignore the instructions, that's what the government has to put in there to confuse you, I'm sure. 
Now that I've done that -- I'll explain it in a moment -- I must tell you that I am an actor. 
And they also say that they can give you perpetual motion machines and free energy systems. 
They deceive these people, costs them a lot of money, cost them a lot of emotional anguish. 
This is what they go through. 
Isn't it just a lot of fun?" 
And then the people look in the mirror, and they say, I just paid a lot of money for that reading. 
I have to explain that to you. 
Homeopathy, let's find out what that's all about. 
The greatest irony in global health is that the poorest countries carry the largest disease burden. 
So what the Western countries, developed countries, have generously done is they have proposed to provide free drugs to all people in Third World countries who actually can't afford these medications. 
This is already beginning to happen in Sub-Saharan Africa. 
I was very lucky to come to the US right after high school, and was able to work on this technology and develop some devices. 
First of all, you're going to pick up an analog device: a pen. 
You may not appreciate the person, you may not appreciate anything else, but maybe you appreciate the fact that they've got a tough gig. 
Paragraph number three: When animals are attacked or cornered, they will fight to the death, so you have to give them an exit. 
You're the safe place to come in to. 
If they follow protocol, they'll pick up the phone and say, "Hey, do you have the original?" 
And for reasons equally unclear to me, seem to be inordinately proud of the three of us. 
Her daughter, Rani, a few years older than me, sat in her lap bewildered, not knowing what had happened to the confident woman she once knew as her mother. 
Late that night, I heard my mother begging my father, "Please do something Ramu. Can't you intervene?" 
We began with a small literacy class to read the Koran, then a math class, then an English class, then computer classes. 
So enter a group of out dykes, young women who love the old music that once spread across that region from Macedonia to Bosnia, from Serbia to Slovenia. 
Their concerts draw from their own communities, yes, but also from an older generation: a generation that might be suspicious of homosexuality, but is nostalgic for its own music and the past it represents. 
But she was sick with worry: She worried her son would be abducted and taken off to be a child soldier, she worried her daughters would be raped, she worried for their lives. 
They were all tired of the fighting. 
This small group of women, determined to bring an end to the war, and they chose to use their traditions to make a point: Liberian women usually wear lots of jewelry and colorful clothing. 
With their remaining funds, they took a small group of women down to the venue of the peace talks and they surrounded the building. 
If an older woman undresses in front of a man because she wants to, the man's family is cursed." 
And the women of Liberia then mobilized in support of Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, a woman who broke a few taboos herself becoming the first elected woman head of state When she made her presidential address, she acknowledged these brave women of Liberia who allowed her to win against a football star -- that's soccer for you Americans -- no less. 
They have to subvert tradition that once silenced them in order to give voice to new aspirations. 
So that, as Eleanor Roosevelt said once of human rights, the same is true of gender equality: that it starts in small places, close to home. 
And for the past 23 years, at an increasing rate, we've been pouring more and more ideas and capabilities and so on into Mathematica, and I'm happy to say that that's led to many good things in R &amp; D and education, lots of other areas. 
Well, I have to admit, actually, that I also had a very selfish reason for building Mathematica: I wanted to use it myself, a bit like Galileo got to use his telescope 400 years ago. 
But if we keep running this for a while, we find out that although the pattern we get is very intricate, it has a very regular structure. 
Let's just do a little mathematical experiment, try and find out. 
And knowing that starts to explain a lot of long-standing mysteries in science. 
Well, this has deep implications about the limits of science, about predictability and controllability of things like biological processes or economies, about intelligence in the universe, about questions like free will and about creating technology. 
So, it's been a big, very complex project, which I was not sure was going to work at all. 
But I'm happy to say it's actually going really well. 
And last year we were able to release the first website version of Wolfram Alpha. 
 The idea is that we can just type this in, this kind of question in, however we think of it. 
But, in many ways, we're still at the very beginning with Wolfram Alpha. 
You can expect to see Wolfram Alpha technology showing up in more and more places, working both with this kind of public data, like on the website, and with private knowledge for people and companies and so on. 
This is probably a fairly small piece of Mathematica code that's able to be run here. 
I'm hoping we can, for example, use that even to get Wolfram Alpha to routinely do invention and discovery on the fly, and to find all sorts of wonderful stuff that no engineer and no process of incremental evolution would ever come up with. 
But in the computational universe, we've now seen how rules that are incredibly simple can produce incredibly rich and complex behavior. 
But in at least a large class of cases, one can think of the universe as being like some kind of network, which, when it gets big enough, behaves like continuous space in much the same way as having lots of molecules can behave like a continuous fluid. 
Some of these are hopeless universes, completely sterile, with other kinds of pathologies like no notion of space, no notion of time, no matter, other problems like that. 
Which means that it is irreducibly difficult to find out how it will really behave, and whether it matches our physical universe. 
One's got to build a lot of technology. 
Are you able to say in a sentence or two how this type of thinking could integrate at some point to things like string theory or the kind of things that people think of as the fundamental explanations of the universe? 
Benoit has been particularly interested in nested patterns, in fractals and so on, where the structure is something that's kind of tree-like, and where there's sort of a big branch that makes little branches and even smaller branches and so on. 
In fact, in a very precise way, they get us to a different level because they seem to be things that are capable of complexity that's sort of as great as complexity can ever get ... 
We have a bit of a love/hate thing going on. 
I feel a bit about it like I did about a very strict math teacher that I once had at school. 
Isn't she meant to be about this tall and about this wide and maybe look a bit more like these guys?" 
I made a few changes, let go of some loose trappings of my old life, and through a bit of a leap of logic, decided to row across the Atlantic Ocean. 
Oars are not supposed to look like this. 
I don't think I've ever felt so happy in my entire life. 
It was a bit like finishing a marathon and getting out of solitary confinement and winning an Oscar all rolled into one. 
I eat fruits and nut bars, a lot of nuts. 
Well, I thought the Atlantic was big, but the Pacific is really, really big. 
It is really big -- 65 million square miles -- and to row in a straight line across it would be about 8,000 miles. 
A bit like being in a washing machine. 
Boat got a bit dinged up, so did I. 
I blogged about it. Unfortunately, somebody with a bit of a hero complex decided that this damsel was in distress and needed saving. 
I tried to tell them to go away. 
We had a bit of a battle of wills. 
So, the following year, I set out and, fortunately, this time made it safely across to Hawaii. 
So, to make the point, these guys had actually built their boat out of plastic trash, 15,000 empty water bottles latched together into two pontoons. 
Partly, they'd had a bit of a delay. 
And, the following year, set out on the second stage of the Pacific, from Hawaii down to Tarawa. 
We do have alternatives, and we have the power of free will to choose those alternatives, those sustainable ones, to create a greener future. 
I plan on being around for a long time, and when I'm 90 years old, I want to be happy and healthy. 
And it's very difficult to be happy on a planet that's racked with famine and drought. 
It's meant to be a bit of a game. 
We have a choice. We've been blessed, or cursed, with free will. 
Most of the talks that you've heard in the last several fabulous days have been from people who have the characteristic that they have thought about something, they are experts, they know what's going on. 
We have a lot of interesting information about what complexity is. 
And there's a lot of rewards in thinking about complexity and emergence, not so much in thinking about simplicity. 
Now, imagine building that up to a city, or to a society, and you've got, obviously, an interesting problem. 
We call it a complex system, which it is, but it's also something else. 
And think of things in your life that are binary, one of them is light switches. 
But, in fact, if you have cell phones, you can now go to this nice lady who's somewhere like Namibia, and who is extremely happy with the fact that although she does not have an master's degree in electrical engineering from MIT, she's nonetheless able to hack her cell phone to get power in some funny way. 
If you have things that are cheap enough, people will find uses for them, even if they seem very primitive. 
So, what I think one can begin to do with this kind of cut at the word simplicity, which doesn't cover Brancusi, it doesn't answer the question of why Mondrian is better or worse or simpler or less simpler than Van Gogh, and certainly doesn't address the question of whether Mozart is simpler than Bach. 
But it does make a point -- which is one which, in a sense, differentiates the real world of people who make things, and the world of people who think about things, which is, there is an intellectual merit to asking: How do we make things as simple as we can, as cheap as we can, as functional as we can and as freely interconnectable as we can? 
GW: That's coming out soon. I mean, the systems work, and we have to find out how to manufacture them and do things of this kind, but the basic technology works. 
  And also, could you create the worst possible TEDTalk that they would still let you get away with? 
So here it is. You can check: I am short, I'm French, I have a pretty strong French accent, so that's going to be clear in a moment. 
Africans have already got a lot of aid. 
They're smaller questions, but they are not that small. 
And the world has spent a lot of money on it: The GAVI and the Gates Foundations are each pledging a lot of money towards it, and developing countries themselves have been doing a lot of effort. 
If half of a community sleeps under a net, the other half also benefits because the contagion of the disease spread. 
Do you give the nets for free to maximize coverage, or do you make people pay in order to make sure that they really value them? 
Now, it's not because the vaccines are not there -- they are there and they are free -- and it's not because parents do not care about their kids. 
So you get these empty village subcenters and crowded hospitals. 
And the third one is: Do free bed nets discourage future purchase? 
The third one is important because if we think people get used to handouts, it might destroy markets to distribute free bed nets. 
Now this is a debate that has generated a lot of emotion and angry rhetoric. 
In the long term, people who got the free bed nets, one year later, were offered the option to purchase a bed net at two dollars. 
They need to know: Out of all the things I could do, what is the best way to achieve my goals? 
Things that don't work so well is bribing parents, just because so many kids are already going to school that you end up spending a lot of money. 
Tell people the benefits of education, that's very cheap to do. 
And I cut it into smaller questions, and I have the answer to these smaller questions. 
In Haiti, about 200,000 people died -- actually, a bit more by the latest estimate. 
I gave you three simple answers to three questions: Give lentils to immunize people, provide free bed nets, deworm children. 
And maybe we can get started small with things that we know are effective. 
And thanks to Deworm the World, and the effort of many country governments and foundations, 20 million school-aged children got dewormed in 2009. 
How do you explain when things don't go as we assume? 
Or better, how do you explain when others are able to achieve things that seem to defy all of the assumptions? 
Then why is it that they seem to have something different? 
And why is it that the Wright brothers were able to figure out controlled, powered man flight when there were certainly other teams who were better qualified, better funded -- and they didn't achieve powered man flight, and the Wright brothers beat them to it. 
Why do you get out of bed in the morning? 
Want to buy one?" "Meh." 
We say what we do, we say how we're different or better and we expect some sort of a behavior, a purchase, a vote, something like that. 
Want to buy one?" 
Totally different, right? You're ready to buy a computer from me. 
What it proves to us is that people don't buy what you do; people buy why you do it. 
In fact, talking about it now, we can't even imagine buying an MP3 player from Dell. 
Why would you buy one from a computer company? 
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it. 
The middle two sections make up our limbic brains, and our limbic brains are responsible for all of our feelings, like trust and loyalty. 
But if you don't know why you do what you do, and people respond to why you do what you do, then how will you ever get people to vote for you, or buy something from you, or, more importantly, be loyal and want to be a part of what it is that you do. 
I always say that, you know, if you hire people just because they can do a job, they'll work for your money, but if they believe what you believe, they'll work for you with blood and sweat and tears. 
The people who believed in the Wright brothers' dream worked with them with blood and sweat and tears. 
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it. 
The only reason these people buy touch-tone phones is because you can't buy rotary phones anymore. 
 We all sit at various places at various times on this scale, but what the law of diffusion of innovation tells us is that if you want mass-market success or mass-market acceptance of an idea, you cannot have it until you achieve this tipping point between 15 and 18 percent market penetration, and then the system tips. 
That's how we describe them, right? 
These are the people who stood in line for six hours to buy an iPhone when they first came out, when you could have bought one off the shelf the next week. 
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it and what you do simply proves what you believe. 
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it. 
People don't buy what you do; they buy why you do it, and what you do simply serves as the proof of what you believe. 
They sent out no invitations, and there was no website to check the date. 
And it was really a lot of fun for about 10 years. 
And this picture here, it's really interesting, it shows two things: First of all, it's in black and white because the water was so clear and you could see so far, and film was so slow in the 1960s and early 70s, you took pictures in black and white. 
The coral reefs of the north coast of Jamaica have a few percent live coral cover and a lot of seaweed and slime. 
And the reason it keeps getting worse is that after a natural catastrophe, like a hurricane, it used to be that there was some kind of successional sequence of recovery, but what's going on now is that overfishing and pollution and climate change are all interacting in a way that prevents that. 
And so I'm going to sort of go through and talk about those three kinds of things. 
It's difficult to imagine that two, or some historians would say three world wars were fought during the colonial era for the control of cod. 
And that was the beginning of a kind of serial depletion from bigger and tastier species to smaller and not-so-tasty species, from species that were near to home to species that were all around the world, and what have you. 
It's a little hard to understand that, because you can go to a Costco in the United States and buy cheap fish. 
You ought to read the label to find out where it came from, but it's still cheap, and everybody thinks it's okay. 
This picture here shows the trophy fish, the biggest fish caught by people who pay a lot of money to get on a boat, go to a place off of Key West in Florida, drink a lot of beer, throw a lot of hooks and lines into the water, come back with the biggest and the best fish, and the champion trophy fish are put on this board, where people take a picture, 
The trophy fish were so big that you couldn't put any of those small fish up on it. 
Think of it as being kind of the bulldozing of a city or of a forest, because it clears it away. 
This is a photograph, a typical photograph, of what the continental shelves of the world look like. 
It's a bit of an embarrassment. 
A friend and I did this thing in Hollywood we called Hollywood ocean night, and I was trying to figure out how to explain to actors what's going on. 
And I said, "So, imagine you're in a movie called 'Escape from Malibu' because all the beautiful people have moved to North Dakota, where it's clean and safe. 
The reason that it attracted so much attention, besides the fact that it's disgusting, is that sea birds flying over it are asphyxiated by the smell and die, and a farmer died of it, and you can imagine the scandal that happened. 
To try and give you a sense of this, imagine you go camping in July somewhere in Europe or in North America, and you wake up the next morning, and you look around you, and you see that 80 percent of the trees, as far as you can see, have dropped their leaves and are standing there naked. 
And dead zones will get bigger and bigger and they'll start to merge, and we can imagine something like the dead-zonification of the global, coastal ocean. 
It's about us and our greed and our need for growth and our inability to imagine a world that is different from the selfish world we live in today. 
They could be creative in terms of education, they may be creative in terms of culture, they may be creative in terms of institutions; but a lot of our work is in the field of technological creativity, the innovations, either in terms of contemporary innovations, or in terms of traditional knowledge. 
And he said, "If my wish gets fulfilled" -- somebody was sick and he had to monitor -- "God, please cure him. 
Kabir, Rahim, all the great Sufi saints, they were all poor people, and they had a great reason.  Please do not ever think that only after meeting your physiological needs and other needs can you be thinking about your spiritual needs or your enlightenment. 
Any person anywhere is capable of rising to that highest point of attainment, only by the resolve that they have in their mind that they must achieve something. 
In Motihari in Champaran, there are a lot of people who sell tea on the shack and, obviously, there's a limited market for tea. 
A lot of poor people do not have enough grains to get ground. 
If you have 500 grams, 1000, one kilogram, he will grind it for it for you; the flourmill will not grind such a small quantity. 
Please understand the problem of poor people. 
He is washing your clothes and drying them at your doorstep. 
 You bring your water, you bring your soap, I wash the clothes for you. Charge 50 paisa, one rupee for you per lot, and a new business model can emerge. 
One of the greatest studies that we've been finding is that many times investors would ask this question -- "What is a scalable model?" -- as if the need of a community, which is only located in a space and time and has those needs only located in those places, has no legitimate right to get them for free because it's not part of a larger scale. 
Now, the eminent model, the long-tail model tells you that small sales of a large number of books, for example, having only a few copies sold can still be a viable model. 
And we must find a mechanism where people will pool in the portfolio, will invest in the portfolio, where different innovations will go to a small number of people in their localities, and yet, the overall platform of the model will become viable. 
So, when I die, my wife's risk of death can double, And I had gone to take care of one particular patient, a woman who was dying of dementia. 
And the daughter's husband, he also was sick from his wife's exhaustion. 
So, social networks are these intricate things of beauty, and they're so elaborate and so complex and so ubiquitous, in fact, that one has to ask what purpose they serve. 
This here shows, on the Y-axis, the increase in the probability that a person is obese given that a social contact of theirs is obese and, on the X-axis, the degrees of separation between the two people. 
A lot of complexity, a lot is happening just in this 30-year period that includes the obesity epidemic. 
Again, a social network, but now we color the people yellow if they're happy and blue if they're sad and green in between. 
And if you look at this image, you can right away see clusters of happy and unhappy people, again, spreading to three degrees of separation. 
There's a middle and an edge to this network, and the unhappy people seem to be located at the edges. 
So to invoke another metaphor, if you imagine social networks as a kind of vast fabric of humanity -- I'm connected to you and you to her, on out endlessly into the distance -- this fabric is actually like an old-fashioned American quilt, and it has patches on it: happy and unhappy patches. 
And whether you become happy or not depends in part on whether you occupy a happy patch. 
Because human social networks, whenever they are mapped, always kind of look like this: the picture of the network. 
But they never look like this. 
Why do they not look like this? 
Why don't we form human social networks that look like a regular lattice? 
Well, the striking patterns of human social networks, their ubiquity and their apparent purpose beg questions about whether we evolved to have human social networks in the first place, and whether we evolved to form networks with a particular structure. 
If you look here at the dots, compare node B in the upper left to node D in the far right; B has four friends coming out from him and D has six friends coming out from him. 
And, finally, compare nodes C and D: C and D both have six friends. 
But if you take the same carbon atoms and interconnect them a different way, you get diamond, which is clear and hard. 
And so it is not just what's happening to these people -- whether they're losing weight or gaining weight, or becoming rich or becoming poor, or becoming happy or not becoming happy -- that affects us; it's also the actual architecture of the ties around us. 
We invent for fun -- invention is a lot of fun to do -- and we also invent for profit. 
But in the developing world a lot of vaccines spoil before they're administered, and that's because they need to be kept cold. 
Well, there are a lot of things people have tried for many years for solving malaria. 
it's an incredibly complicated disease, but that's actually one of the things we find interesting about it and why we work on malaria: There's a lot of potential ways in. 
There's a lot of cool stuff we can do with it. 
This is one of those things you just can't make up. 
Your Blu-ray player has a very cheap blue laser. 
Now, just suspend disbelief for a moment, and let's think of what could happen if we could do that. 
Moore's law made computing cheap; so cheap we can weigh the life of an individual insect and decide thumbs up or thumbs down.  Now, it turns out we only kill the female mosquitoes. 
Next we can actually light them up with a laser.  Now, this is a low powered laser, and we can actually pick up a wing-beat frequency. 
So, that's what I have. Thanks very much. 
Most of the reefs are dead, most of the corals are dead -- overgrown by algae -- and most of the fish are smaller than the pencils we use to count them. 
This is the place that Captain Cook discovered in 1777 and he described a huge abundance of sharks biting the rudders and the oars of their small boats while they were going ashore. 
The corals are doing better here. Lots of small fish. 
The more intact, the more complete, [and] the more complex your food web, the higher the resilience, [and] the more likely that the system is going to recover from the short-term impacts of warming events. 
One very clear way is the marine protected areas, especially no-take reserves that we set aside to allow for the recovery for marine life. 
These places, when we protect them, if we compare them to unprotected areas nearby, this is what happens. 
The number of species increases 21 percent; so if you have 1,000 species you would expect 200 more in a marine reserve. 
And if we think about the increase of biomass inside the reserves, this is like compound interest. 
If it's so clear that these savings accounts are good for the environment and for people, why don't we have 20, 50 percent of the ocean? 
we don't have tens of thousands of small reserves: The first one is that people have no idea what marine reserves do, and fishermen tend to be really, really defensive when it comes to regulating or closing an area, even if it's small. 
NGOs and governments spend a lot of time and energy and resources in a few small areas, usually. 
There has been a lot of competition in the past, and we need to develop a new model of partnership, truly collaborative, where we are looking for complementing, not substituting. 
ES: Well, imagine that you have two gears of a watch, a big one and a small one. 
The big one is moving very slowly, and the small one is moving fast. 
CA: Okay, so there's a lot of examples that I'm hearing out there about ending this subsidies madness. 
A lot of the experience of people here who've been in the oceans for a long time has just been seeing this degradation, the places they saw that were beautiful getting worse, depressing. 
Can I ask you to please recall a time when you really loved something -- a movie, an album, a song or a book -- and you recommended it wholeheartedly to someone you also really liked, and you anticipated that reaction, you waited for it, and it came back, and the person hated it? 
I sell a product to a market that doesn't want it, but is forced by law to buy it. 
I could give you guys an algebra-two final exam, and I would expect no higher than a 25 percent pass rate. 
One is a lack of initiative; your students don't self-start. 
You finish your lecture block and immediately you have five hands going up asking you to re-explain the entire thing at their desks. 
Students lack perseverance. 
They lack retention; you find yourself re-explaining concepts three months later, wholesale. 
He swore off creating contemporary drama, shows set in the present day, because he saw that when people fill their mind with four hours a day of, for example, "Two and a Half Men," no disrespect, it shapes the neural pathways, he said, in such a way that they expect simple problems. 
You expect sitcom-sized problems that wrap up in 22 minutes, three commercial breaks and a laugh track. 
But what you have here is actually four separate layers, and I'm curious which of you can see the four separate layers and, particularly, how when they're compressed together and presented to the student all at once, how that creates this impatient problem solving. 
You have substeps, which all lead to what we really want to talk about: which section is the steepest. 
I really hope you can see how what we're doing here is taking a compelling question, a compelling answer, but we're paving a smooth, straight path from one to the other and congratulating our students for how well they can step over the small cracks in the way. 
This has been a lot of fun. 
And you go through the woman's vagina." 
 That's how we evolved. It does seem odd. 
"Human males and females develop a special bond, and when they're much older, much, much older than you, and they have a very special feeling, then they can be naked together." 
So we put in dogs mating, and, you know, we're watching it, and she's totally absorbed. 
 Thank you. I'm so happy to be here. 
The smallest blood vessels are called capillaries. 
For example, insufficient angiogenesis -- not enough blood vessels -- leads to wounds that don't heal, heart attacks, legs without circulation, death from stroke, nerve damage. 
They start out as small, microscopic nests of cells, that can only grow to one half a cubic millimeter in size. 
In fact, if you actually block angiogenesis and prevent blood vessels from ever reaching cancer cells, tumors simply can't grow up. 
Cancer cells mutate, and they gain the ability to release lots of those angiogenic factors, natural fertilizer, that tip the balance in favor of blood vessels invading the cancer. 
And here he is six years later, Guinness, with his very happy owner. 
And as a doctor, I know that once a disease progresses to an advanced stage, achieving a cure can be difficult, if not impossible. 
So to look for a way to prevent angiogenesis in cancer, I went back to look at cancer's causes. 
Let me show you what happens when we put in an extract from red grapes. 
Now, finally, I've talked to you about food, and I've talked to you about cancer, so there's just one more disease that I have to tell you about, and that's obesity. 
So, consider the approved ones, look for clinical trials, but then between what the doctor can do for you, we need to start asking what can we do for ourselves. 
WL: Well, you know, there's abundant epidemiological evidence, and I think in the information age, it doesn't take long to go to a credible source like PubMed, the National Library of Medicine, to look for epidemiological studies for cancer risk reduction based on diet and based on common medications. 
I knew that eating a mere hamburger a day can increase my risk of dying by a third. 
And I'd commit to doing it later, and not surprisingly, later never came. 
My footprint's smaller, I'm lessening pollution, I feel better about the animals, I'm even saving money. 
It's the same problems in the Galapagos, except, obviously, it's worse here, in some ways, than other places. 
But what is really amazing, because of this deepness here, Emperor penguins can go down more than 500 meters and they can hold their breath for 23 minutes. 
And you can imagine sleeping on Fernandina your first night there and you hear this lonesome, plaintful call. 
And you can imagine being on an island hoping you're going to see penguins, and you're in the middle of an El Nino event and there are no penguins. 
And so we have this penguin project. The Wildlife Conservation Society has funded me along with a lot of individuals over the last 27 years to be able to produce these kinds of maps. 
At first, the Argentine government said, "No, there's no way. 
So that means as their mate is sitting on the nest incubating the eggs, the other one is out there foraging, and the longer they have to stay gone, the worse condition the mate is in when the mate comes back. 
And, of course, all of this then leads to a vicious cycle and you can't raise a lot of chicks. 
So it's kind of like you having a job in Chicago, and then you get transferred to St. Louis, and your mate is not happy about this because you've got to pay airfare, because you're gone longer. 
For the next few minutes we're going to talk about energy, and it's going to be a bit of a varied talk. 
You take about eight or so carbon atoms, about 20 hydrogen atoms, you put them together in exactly the right way and you get this marvelous liquid: very energy-dense and very easy to refine into a number of very useful products and fuels. 
Now, as far as it goes, there's a lot of oil out there in the world. 
Now, that's just one story about oil, and we could end it there and say, "Well, oil's going to last forever because, well, there's just a lot of it." 
So, that's one of the stories of oil; there's just a lot of it. 
Well, a lot of natural gas and a little bit of nuclear, for starters. 
What is the future of truly sustainable, carbon-free energy? 
So, when we think about the future of energy, imagine what would it be like if instead of this, we could build the energy equivalent of this just by rearranging the molecules differently. 
It's not because we have a lot of it. 
And as soon as we had these two sequences we thought, if this is supposed to be the smallest genome of a self-replicating species, could there be even a smaller genome? 
In 2002, we started a new institute, the Institute for Biological Energy Alternatives, where we set out two goals: One, to understand the impact of our technology on the environment, and how to understand the environment better, and two, to start down this process of making synthetic life to understand basic life. 
When we started this out, we thought the synthesis would be the biggest problem, which is why we chose the smallest genome. 
And some of you have noticed that we switched from the smallest genome to a much larger one. 
And we can walk through the reasons for that, but basically the small cell took on the order of one to two months to get results from, whereas the larger, faster-growing cell takes only two days. 
So there's only so many cycles we could go through in a year at six weeks per cycle. 
So this was a debugging, problem-solving scenario from the beginning because there was no recipe of how to get there. 
It turned out the cell that we were trying to transplant into had a nuclease, an enzyme that chews up DNA on its surface, and was happy to eat the synthetic DNA that we gave it and never got transplantations. 
So in addition to doing the transplant, we had to find out how to get a bacterial chromosome out of the eukaryotic yeast into a form where we could transplant it into a recipient cell. 
And once we had done that, now we can take naked DNA out of yeast and transplant it. 
But it turned out it wasn't going to be as simple in the end, and it set us back three months because we had one error out of over a million base pairs in that sequence. 
There's parts of the genome where it cannot tolerate even a single error, and then there's parts of the genome where we can put in large blocks of DNA, as we did with the watermarks, and it can tolerate all kinds of errors. 
So early on, we developed the notion of putting in watermarks in the DNA to absolutely make clear that the DNA was synthetic. 
Now, mathematicians have been hiding and writing messages in the genetic code for a long time, but it's clear they were mathematicians and not biologists because, if you write long messages with the code that the mathematicians developed, it would more than likely lead to new proteins being synthesized with unknown functions. 
So, because this is as much a philosophical advance as a technical advance in science, we tried to deal with both the philosophical and the technical side. 
We can't see CO2 -- we depend on scientific measurements for it and we see the beginning results of having too much of it -- but we can see pre-CO2 now floating on the waters and contaminating the beaches in the Gulf. 
So I want to pick up from there because I only had 18 minutes, frankly. 
I mean, there is a major climate crisis, obviously, and I think if people don't believe it, they should get out more. 
 But I believe there is a second climate crisis, which is as severe, which has the same origins, and that we have to deal with with the same urgency. 
Very many people go through their whole lives having no real sense of what their talents may be, or if they have any to speak of. 
They simply go through their lives getting on with it. 
But I also meet people who love what they do and couldn't imagine doing anything else. 
And you might imagine education would be the way that happens, but too often, it's not. 
I ought to explain that I have no idea what was happening at the time. 
Now that's a great deal of us, isn't it? 
One of them is the idea of linearity: that it starts here and you go through a track and if you do everything right, you will end up set for the rest of your life. 
There's been a lot of talk about dreams over the course of these few days. 
Her friend says, "Buy it already." 
She said, "I'll buy it, but I'm also going to replicate it." 
But too utilitarian? I mean is that the way you think of fashion? 
We think of it as maybe too silly, too unnecessary. 
What I'm going to argue today is that because there's no copyright protection fashion designers have actually been able to elevate utilitarian design, things to cover our naked bodies, into something that we consider art. 
And that's where they really get a lot of their creative inspiration, so it's both a top-down and a bottom-up kind of industry. 
Now, the fast fashion giants have probably benefited the most from the lack of copyright protection in the fashion industry. 
And they've been faced with a lot of lawsuits, but those lawsuits are usually not won by fashion designers. 
Johanna Blakley: Imagine that. 
One that a lot of cultural critics have pointed to is that we now have a much broader palette of design choices to choose from than we ever have before, and this is mainly because of the fast fashion industry, actually. 
Every season, these designers have to struggle to come up with the new fabulous idea that everybody's going to love. 
He had to come up with new ideas, new things that would be hard to copy. 
They make deals with the fast fashion giants and they come up with a way to sell their product to a whole new demographic: the Santee Alley demographic. 
But even though it's the home of the fast fashion industry and you have a lot of luxury designers there, they don't register their garments, generally, and there's not a lot of litigation. 
A person can come in and take somebody else's gown, cut off three inches from the bottom, go to the E.U. and register it as a new, original design. 
If you look at the registry, actually, a lot of the registered things in the E.U. 
And some of these industries may seem sort of marginal to you, but these are the gross sales for low I.P. industries, industries with very little copyright protection, and there's the gross sales of films and books. 
But you know what? It's revolutionary, and it's a model that a lot of other industries -- like the ones we just saw with the really small bars -- they might have to think about this. 
Because right now, those industries with a lot of copyright protection are operating in an atmosphere where it's as if they don't have any protection, and they don't know what to do. 
It is more complex than this, but this will do. 
Is it something that needs to freely circulate in a free society? 
But you want an interdisciplinary team of people hashing this out, trying to figure out: What is the kind of ownership model, in a digital world, that's going to lead to the most innovation? 
If you want more information about this research project, please visit our website: it's ReadyToShare.org. 
In return, they provide free food and shelter and sometimes pay the families a monthly stipend. 
Step four: The older members of the Taliban, the fighters, start talking to the younger boys about the glories of martyrdom. 
They're ready to go out and fight because they've been told that this is effectively their only way to glorify Islam. 
Now, you might think of flu as just a really bad cold, but it can be a death sentence. 
In the developing world, the data is much sketchier but the death toll is almost certainly higher. 
Well, we seem to have dodged the deadly pandemic this year that most of us feared, but this threat could reappear at any time. 
But with new or better vaccines for malaria, TB, HIV, pneumonia, diarrhea, flu, we could end suffering that has been on the Earth since the beginning of time. 
But first, I have to explain why they're important because vaccines, the power of them, is really like a whisper. 
Now, some of us are old enough to have a small, circular scar on our arms from an inoculation we received as children. 
But when was the last time you worried about smallpox, a disease that killed half a billion people last century and no longer is with us? 
Well, here's the dirty little secret. 
Now, when you get a viral infection, what normally happens is it takes days or weeks for your body to fight back at full strength, and that might be too late. 
So, you've got this situation: In 2003, we had an H5N1 virus that jumped from birds into humans in a few isolated cases with an apparent mortality rate of 70 percent. 
As variable as flu is, HIV makes flu look like the Rock of Gibraltar. 
It mutates furiously, it has decoys to evade the immune system, it attacks the very cells that are trying to fight it and it quickly hides itself in your genome. 
These drugs aren't cures, but they represent a huge triumph of science because they take away the automatic death sentence from a diagnosis of HIV, at least for those who can access them. 
So think of it this way. 
Notice these other, smaller protuberances. 
So to do that, we have to combine smart vaccine design with smart production methods and, of course, smart delivery methods. 
This vaccine is so small it can be grown in a common bacteria, E. coli. 
Now think of where this leads us. 
So, if we can figure out how to do that, then we have the vaccine, and what's interesting is there already is some evidence that we're beginning to crack that problem. 
That's it. Please save this. 
Now, you know, I mean, a lot of people go to church. 
They go to church, by which I mean, they do lots of things for free for each other. 
Because they understand: There are places for the market and places where the market should not exist, where we should be free to enjoy the fellowship of others. 
He is the celebration and ideal of exactly this kind of creativity. 
Now, tiny little quibble of a footnote: Sonny Bono, you might say, was a Republican, but I don't buy it. 
These tools that we built enable this sharing in parts through licenses that make it clear and a freedom to create without requiring permission first because the permission has already been granted and a respect for the creator because it builds upon a copyright the creator has licensed freely. 
You could still buy the music, but you couldn't hear anything because it had been silenced. 
So I did what the current regime says I must do to be free to use YouTube to talk about fair use. 
Let me come back to now, now when I'm a little leftist -- I'm certainly left-handed, so at least a lefty -- And I wonder, can we on the Left expect to build this ecology of freedom, now, in a world where we know the extraordinarily powerful influences against it, where even icons of the Left like this entertain and push bills that would effectively ban the requirement of open access for government-funded research? 
Anyway, please join me in teaching these values. 
And, of course, graphics: Today 84 dollars and 97 cents at Best Buy buys you more graphics power than you could have gotten for a million bucks from SGI only a decade ago. 
Certainly we've seen in recent years a lot of change in that regard, and people are starting to wake up about that. 
So what happens if you start to explain space to them? 
Has to come back out, whatever you put in. 
This little design experiment that was a small office here knew a few other tricks as well. 
Now, if these ideas seem familiar or perhaps even a little dated, that's great; they should seem familiar. 
Let's just come down a bit and fly around. 
Here's a logistics system, a small piece of one that we're currently building. 
There're a lot of elements. 
We might want to ask for some help. 
Let's pull this apart: I'll go ahead and explode it. 
And he wasn't talking about whether the novel costs 24.95 [dollars], or whether you have to spring 70 million bucks to buy the stolen Vermeer; he was talking about the circumstances of its creation and of its existence. 
Technology is capable of expressing and being imbued with a certain generosity, and we need to demand that, in fact. 
The gloves go away in a matter of months or years. 
CA: So, in your mind, five years time, someone can buy this as part of a standard computer interface? 
JU: I think in five years time when you buy a computer, you'll get this. 
And after even 30 years of doing this, after 30 years of exploring the ocean, I never cease to be amazed at the extraordinary encounters that I have while I'm at sea. 
The story I wanted to do initially was just a small focus to look at the few weeks each year where these animals migrate down from the Canadian arctic to the Gulf of St. Lawrence in Canada And all of this is played out against the backdrop of transient pack ice that moves with wind and tide. 
And even though we see a lot of ice in this picture, there's a lot of water as well, which wasn't there historically. 
So, clearly, this species has a lot of problems going forward. 
And it received quite a bit of attention. 
So I proposed a story on the global fish crisis, in part because I had personally witnessed a lot of degradation in the ocean over the last 30 years, but also because I read a scientific paper that stated that 90 percent of the big fish in the ocean have disappeared in the last 50 or 60 years. 
But before I went out to photograph this component, I sort of wrestled with the notion of how do you make a picture of a dead shark that will resonate with readers You know, I think there's still a lot of people out there who think the only good shark is a dead shark. 
So I went to the Bahamas because there're very few places in the world where sharks are doing well these days, but the Bahamas seem to be a place where stocks were reasonably healthy, largely due to the fact that the government there had outlawed longlining several years ago. 
It's not what you typically might think of as a shark picture. 
This is a photograph that shows a hatchling about to taste saltwater for the very first time beginning this long and perilous journey. 
But what they can't deal with is anthropogenic stresses, human things, like this picture that shows a leatherback caught at night in a gill net. 
The North Atlantic right whale is listed as the most endangered species on the planet today because they are urban whales; they live along the east coast of North America, United States and Canada, and they have to deal with all these urban ills. 
They have to deal with things like toxins and pharmaceuticals that are flushed out into the ocean, and maybe even affecting their reproduction. 
What the site's known for, because it has this environment, is it's fostered the creation of a lot of Internet phenomena, viral videos and whatnot, known as "memes." 
We do; they're the codified rules that I've come up with, which are more-or-less ignored by the community. 
And so they've come up with their own set of rules, the "Rules of the Internet." 
We're moving towards, you know, a lack of privacy, really. 
We're sacrificing a lot of that, and I think in doing so, moving towards those things, we're losing something valuable. 
But if I ask them, is the TED website going to go down? 
CP: You're lucky that this is not being streamed to them live right now. 
When I get emails, people say, "Thank you for giving me this place, this outlet, where I can come after work and be myself." 
Now, I'm not sure I would have necessarily recommended everyone at TED to go and check it out anyway. 
You've got this surprising semi-underground influence, but it's not making you a lot of money, yet. 
CP: At first, very kind of pained, awkward conversations. 
CP: Yeah. They still didn't know what to think of that though. 
But I think to set the scene, I want to show -- the next slide is not my attempt to show the worst TED slide in the history of TED, but it is a bit of a mess. 
The reason many people think that about this picture, and Al Gore has said it many times, actually, on the stage at TED, is that this picture, arguably, was the beginning of the environmental movement. 
Because, for the first time, we saw our world, not as a solid, immovable, kind of indestructible place, but as a very small, fragile-looking world just hanging against the blackness of space. 
But that bright star there is actually one of the stars in the galaxy. 
And they certainly didn't intend to describe the mechanics of supernova explosions, which eventually told us where the building blocks of life were synthesized in the universe. 
Now, it doesn't look like our home planet. 
And I'd like to read you what Sagan wrote about it, just to finish, because I cannot say words as beautiful as this to describe what he saw in that picture that he had taken. 
To me, it underscores our responsibility to deal more kindly with one another and to preserve and cherish the pale blue dot, the only home we've ever known." 
So we were excited by this idea, and we started talking about exactly what it would look like. 
They wanted it messy, and we were happy to oblige. 
And we learned that small stuff stinks. 
Little balls in wooden tracks are really susceptible to humidity and temperature and a little bit of dust, and they fall out of the tracks, the exact angles makes it hard to get right. 
But as much as the small stuff stinks, we needed somewhere to start, so that we would have somewhere to go. 
 You know, we spent a lot of time ideating and even building some of these things. 
Again, small to large is relevant here. 
The little Lego car in the beginning of the video references the big, real car near the end of the video. 
It'll be a happy byproduct that we'll all benefit. 
Now, flutes may seem ... the distribution of flutes may seem a trivial case. 
All right, those of you, I imagine most of you who would not give him the golf cart worry about an unfair advantage. 
And Justice Stevens, writing for the majority, said he had read all about the history of golf, and the essential point of the game is to get very small ball from one place into a hole in as few strokes as possible, and that walking was not essential, but incidental. 
And the defenders of same-sex marriage say no, procreation is not the only purpose of marriage; what about a lifelong, mutual, loving commitment? 
And so my real dream would be to take the public television series that we've created of the course -- it's available now, online, free for everyone anywhere in the world -- and to see whether we can partner with institutions, at universities in China, in India, in Africa, around the world, to try to promote civic education and also a richer kind of democratic debate. 
That's what I would love to do.  CA: So, I would imagine that there are a lot of people who would love to join you in that endeavor. 
Puff up and just look it in the eye and it may not want to fight you." 
They actually spend a lot of time a year in the communities. 
We needed new boundaries to describe our traditional lands; we needed to learn more things like GPS just to see whether -- can GPS really reflect the true reflection of the land or is this just a thing made somewhere in the West? 
The best one, like my father -- I'm not campaigning for my father --  they were put in charge to stop others from poaching. 
And so far, with the support of World Wildlife Fund, we've been able to scale up the very small programs to national programs today. 
What started as very small, community rangers getting community involved, has now grown into something that we call conservancies. 
One of them was: Why is it necessary to spend six billion pounds speeding up the Eurostar train when, for about 10 percent of that money, you could have top supermodels, male and female, serving free Chateau Petrus to all the passengers for the entire duration of the journey? 
You'd still have five billion left in change, and people would ask for the trains to be slowed down. 
So what I'm asking for is the creation of a new job title -- I'll come to this a little later -- and perhaps the addition of a new word into the English language. 
Because it does seem to me that large organizations including government, which is, of course, the largest organization of all, have actually become with what actually matters to people. 
You may remember this as the AOL-Time Warner merger, okay, heralded at the time as the largest single deal of all time. 
By contrast, years of marketing have taught me that if you actually want people to remember you and to appreciate what you do, the most potent things are actually very, very small. 
It starts with garage at the bottom, I suppose, appropriately, but it doesn't go up garage, grand floor, mezzanine, one, two, three, four. 
And she came across a similar example of something that fascinated me as being something which, in a business context or a government context, would simply be so trivial a solution as to seem embarrassing. 
And once you have a very, very large budget, you actually look for expensive things to spend it on. 
Now, here's another thing that happens, which is what I call sometimes "Terminal 5 syndrome," which is that big, expensive things get big, highly-intelligent attention, and they're great, and Terminal 5 is absolutely magnificent, until you get down to the small detail, the usability, which is the signage, which is catastrophic. 
So I did come up with five suggestions, which they are actually actioning. 
But the small stuff, what you might call the user interface, is done spectacularly badly. 
But also, there seems to be a complete sort of gridlock in terms of solving these small solutions. 
Because the people who can actually solve them actually are too powerful and too preoccupied with something they think of as "strategy" to actually solve them. 
Let's face it, most of us -- how many of you actually check your balance before you remove cash from a cash machine? 
Because, if the board of directors convince everybody that the success of any organization is almost entirely dependent on the decisions made by the board of directors, it makes the disparity in salaries slightly more justifiable than if you actually acknowledge that quite a lot of the credit for a company's success might actually lie somewhere else, in small pieces of tactical activity. 
Unfortunately, the science is probably closer to being climatology in that in many cases, very, very small changes can have disproportionately huge effects, and equally, vast areas of activity, enormous mergers, can actually accomplish absolutely bugger-all. 
You know, there are cases where you spend quite a lot of money and you accomplish quite a lot. 
Then there are other things that don't cost much and achieve absolutely nothing. 
So the first thing I'd like is a competition -- to anybody watching this as a film -- is to come up with a name for that stuff on the bottom right. 
And the second thing, I think, is that the world needs to have people in charge of that. 
The people who actually have no money, who have no extravagant budget, but who realize that actually you might achieve greater success in uptake of a government program by actually doubling the level of benefits you pay, but you'll probably achieve exactly that same effect simply by redesigning the form and writing it in comprehensible English. 
The debate is over the proposition: "What the world needs now is nuclear energy." True or false? 
And Hansen is hard over for nuclear power, as are most climatologists who are engaging this issue seriously. 
But we move to cities, toward the bright lights, and one of the things that is there that we want, besides jobs, is electricity. 
And if it isn't easily gotten, we'll go ahead and steal it. 
Nuclear is and has been for 40 years. 
Now, from an environmental standpoint, the main thing you want to look at is what happens to the waste from nuclear and from coal, the two major sources of electricity. 
But one day of coal adds up to one hell of a lot of carbon dioxide in a normal one-gigawatt coal-fired plant. 
The nuclear waste typically goes into a dry cask storage out back of the parking lot at the reactor site because most places don't have underground storage yet. 
So when you add up the greenhouse gases in the lifetime of these various energy sources, nuclear is down there with wind and hydro, below solar and way below, obviously, all the fossil fuels. 
 In terms of weapons, the best disarmament tool so far is nuclear energy. 
I think of most interest to a TED audience would be the new generation of reactors that are very small, down around 10 to 125 megawatts. 
Typically, these things are put in the ground. 
They're referred to as nuclear batteries. 
Babcock &amp; Wilcox that make nuclear reactors, here's an integral fast reactor. 
The governments of the world are going to have to decide that coals need to be made expensive, and these will go ahead. 
 So my premise here is that nuclear energy puts out more carbon dioxide, puts out more air pollutants, enhances mortality more and takes longer to put up than real renewable energy systems, namely wind, solar, geothermal power, hydro-tidal wave power. 
And it also enhances nuclear weapons proliferation. 
Nuclear -- there are two bars here. 
The low estimate is the nuclear energy industry estimate of nuclear. 
If we look at the delays, it takes between 10 and 19 years to put up a nuclear power plant from planning to operation. 
So the difference is the opportunity cost of using nuclear versus wind, or something else. 
So if you add these two together, alone, you can see a separation that nuclear puts out at least nine to 17 times more CO2 equivalent emissions than wind energy. 
In 2020, the number will go down to 15,000 due to improvements. 
If you go to corn or cellulosic ethanol, you'd actually increase the death rate slightly. 
Now if you consider the fact that nuclear weapons proliferation is associated with nuclear energy proliferation, because we know for example, India and Pakistan developed nuclear weapons secretly by enriching uranium in nuclear energy facilities. 
And Venezuela would be doing it if they started with their nuclear energy facilities. 
If you do a large scale expansion of nuclear energy across the world, and as a result there was just one nuclear bomb created that was used to destroy a city such as Mumbai or some other big city, megacity, the additional death rates due to this averaged over 30 years and then scaled to the population of the U.S. 
Actually, the footprint on the ground for wind is by far the smallest of any energy source in the world. 
Now if we look at nuclear --  With nuclear, what do we have? 
And you have the uranium mining that you have to deal with. 
Now if we go to the area, lots is worse than nuclear or wind. 
Here's corn ethanol. It's smaller. 
For wind, there's a larger area, but much smaller footprint. 
And now, if you go back to looking at geothermal, it's even smaller than both, and solar is slightly larger than the nuclear spacing, but it's still pretty small. 
And we can guarantee a clean, blue sky or an uncertain future with nuclear power. 
So if you're for this, if you're for nuclear power, put up two hands. 
Now then, you guys have -- you have a minute comeback on him to pick up a point he said, challenge it, whatever. 
These diagrams that show that nuclear is somehow putting out a lot of greenhouse gases -- a lot of those studies include, "Well of course war will be inevitable and therefore we'll have cities burning and stuff like that," which is kind of finessing it a little bit, I think. 
The reality is that there's, what, 21 nations that have nuclear power? 
Of those, seven have nuclear weapons. 
In every case, they got the weapons before they got the nuclear power. 
There are two nations, North Korea and Israel, that have nuclear weapons and don't have nuclear power at all. 
The places that we would most like to have really clean energy occur are China, India, Europe, North America, all of which have sorted out their situation in relation to nuclear weapons. 
Pushing ahead with nuclear power will mean we really know where all of the fissile material is, and we can move toward zero weapons left, once we know all that. 
MJ: Well we know India and Pakistan had nuclear energy first, and then they developed nuclear weapons secretly in the factories. 
So the other thing is, we don't need nuclear energy. 
There's absolutely no need for nuclear power. 
I used to be against nuclear power. 
I'm now supporting Stewart's position, softly, from a risk-management standpoint, agreeing that the risks of overheating the planet outweigh the risk of nuclear incident, which certainly is possible and is a very real problem. 
So if we get that through, then Mark will solve these problems. Thanks Chris. 
If we build all these nuclear power plants, all that waste is going to be on hundreds, if not thousands, of trucks and trains, moving through this country every day. 
I campaigned against nuclear weapons in the '80s, and I continue to do so now. 
And, ultimately, the arithmetic problem isn't going to go away. 
If we're going to keep the lights on, nuclear is that solution. 
And our "against" proponent up here made it very clear that we actually do. 
Because five years from now, it will blow you away what we'll actually have as alternatives to this horrible, disastrous nuclear power. 
And as usual, they had to buy nuclear power from France. 
And the fact is, we're going to use the nuclear waste we have for fuel in the fourth generation of reactors that are coming along. 
And especially the small reactors need to go forward. 
I heard from Nathan Myhrvold -- and I think here's the action point -- it'll take an act of Congress to make the Nuclear Regulatory Commission start moving quickly on these small reactors, which we need very much, here and in the world. 
 MJ: So we've analyzed the hour-by-hour power demand and supply, looking at solar, wind, using data for California. 
 So, people of the TED community, I put it to you that what the world needs now is nuclear energy. 
And there wasn't a lot of reverberation in the room. 
We managed, but sometimes those halls didn't seem exactly suited to the music I was making or had made. 
They're smaller, even less reverberant, so he can write really frilly music that's very intricate -- and it works. 
It's smaller than this. 
 These are played mainly in small rooms. 
Same thing goes true for -- that's the beginning of the century -- for the whole of 20th-century popular music, whether it's rock or Latin music or whatever. 
So far, a lot of the stuff that was on the radio was live music, but singers, like Frank Sinatra, could use the mic and do things that they could never do without a microphone. 
The writer, Thomas Frank, says that this might be a kind of explanation why some voters vote against their best interests, that voters, like a lot of us, assume, that if they hear something that sounds like it's sincere, that it's coming from the gut, that it's passionate, that it's more authentic. 
Oh, sorry.  This particular one that was given to me finds golf balls, especially if you're at a golf course and you check under enough bushes. 
In this case, at trespass points, allowing people to go through because your little tracker device said they were okay, actually cost lives. 
People that are put in a condition of feeling out of control are more likely to see something in this, which is allegedly patternless. 
In other words, the propensity to find these patterns goes up when there's a lack of control. 
So their superstitions, their patternicities, are all associated with feelings of lack of control and so forth. 
Our right hemisphere appears to be where a lot of this patternicity occurs. 
L-DOPA's a drug, as you know, given for treating Parkinson's disease, which is related to a decrease in dopamine. 
An increase of dopamine caused subjects to see more patterns than those that did not receive the dopamine. 
And if you give them drugs that are dopamine antagonists, they go away. 
That is, you decrease the amount of dopamine, and their tendency to see patterns like that decreases. 
They increase the amount of dopamine. 
And of course, the ambiguous figures that seem to flip-flop back and forth. 
Of course, thanks to the environmentalist movement we're all sensitive to the plight of marine mammals. 
So it's a type of that expanded to explain, I think, a lot of different things: souls, spirits, ghosts, gods, demons, angels, aliens, intelligent designers, government conspiracists and all manner of invisible agents with power and intention, are believed to haunt our world and control our lives. 
Go ahead and roll it. 
I'm going to ask you to go ahead and put a blindfold on. 
Rights management is no longer simply a question of ownership, it's a complex web of relationships and a critical part of our cultural landscape. 
We compare each upload against all of the reference files in our database. 
 What's amazing about this is, if the processional of the wedding was this much fun, can you imagine how much fun the reception must have been? 
And Jill and Kevin, the happy couple, they came back from their honeymoon and found that their video had gone crazy viral. 
A lot of my career has been devoted to trying to understand how these animals use their learning, use the ability to change what you say based on what you hear in their own communication systems. 
When we think of marine-protected areas for animals like dolphins, this means that we have to be quite conscious about activities that we thought were benign. 
I'd also like to point out that sound doesn't obey boundaries. 
But I'd also like to point out that the oceans are much more connected than we think. 
It's loud, clear -- you can hear it very clearly. 
There's a lot of noise, which is mostly other whales. 
The most dominant sound that humans put into the ocean comes from shipping. 
Let's now take that additional increase in noise that we saw comes from shipping. 
Now if this signal is used for males and females to find each other for mating and they're dispersed, imagine the impact this could have on the recovery of endangered populations. 
Now imagine -- let's put the ship noise in the picture. 
I'll describe a couple strategies. 
And I'm happy to say that there are several very promising developments in this area, looking at the impact of shipping on whales. 
So to conclude, I'd just like to point out, you know, the whales live in an amazing acoustic environment. 
And we need to be very attentive and vigilant to thinking about where things that we do may unintentionally prevent them from being able to achieve their important activities. 
It's not something that is a bad thing and is vilified, which is what happens in a lot of society. 
Entrepreneurs are people -- because we have a lot of them in this room -- who have these ideas and these passions or see these needs in the world and we decide to stand up and do it. 
Right now we teach our kids to go after really good jobs, you know, and the school system teaches them to go after things like being a doctor and being a lawyer and being an accountant and a dentist and a teacher and a pilot. 
We didn't fit in the normal work. We couldn't work for somebody else because we're too stubborn and we have all these other traits. 
And I was calling all the dry cleaners in Winnipeg to find out how much would the dry cleaners pay me for coat hangers. 
Because, when I told her I was going out to play with the kids, I was going door to door in the neighborhood to collect coat hangers to put in the basement to sell. 
And he wouldn't buy a newspaper from me ever. 
But I was convinced I was going to get him to buy a license plate protector. 
And I would go biking up to the end of the beach and buy all the comics from the poor kids. 
But it was obvious to me, right? Buy low, sell high. 
You've got this demand over here that has money. 
I also learned, don't reveal your source, because I got beat up after about four weeks of doing this because one of the rich kids found out where I was buying my comics from, and he didn't like the fact that he was paying a lot more. 
And you made these pincushions out of wooden clothespins -- when we used to hang clothes on clotheslines outside. 
And then when I went to the door, it wasn't, "Do you want to buy one?" 
Like I'm 10 years old; you're not going to say no to me, especially if you have two options -- you have the brown one or the clear one. 
Every week, I would go to the corner store and buy all these pops. 
Then I would go up and deliver them to these 70-year-old women playing bridge. 
You know we teach our kids and we buy them games, but why don't we get them games, if they're entrepreneurial kids, that kind of nurture the traits that you need to be entrepreneurs? 
An entrepreneur doesn't expect a regular paycheck. 
Allowance is breeding kids at a young age to expect a regular paycheck. 
Show the kids what bad customers or bad employees look like. 
Look for that kind of stuff. 
There's two traits that I want you to also look out for that we don't kind of get out of their system. 
When Steve Jurvetson and Jim Clark and Jim Barksdale have all got it, and they built Netscape -- imagine if they were given Ritalin. 
[Kid ... "And you thought you could do anything?"] [You still can.] [Because a lot of what we consider impossible ...] [... is easy to overcome] [Because in case you haven't noticed, we live in a place where] [One individual can make a difference] [Want proof?] [Just look at the people who built our country;] [Our parents, grandparents, our aunts, uncles ...] [They were immigrants, newcomers ready to make their mark] 
[Maybe they came with very little] [Or perhaps they didn't own anything except for ...] [... a single brilliant idea] [These people were thinkers, doers ...] [... innovators ...] [... until they came up with the name ...] [... entrepreneurs!] [They change the way we think about what is possible.] [They have a clear vision of how life can be better] [for all of us, even when times are tough.] [Right now, it's hard to see ...] 
[... when our view is cluttered with obstacles.] [But turbulence creates opportunities] [for success, achievement, and pushes us ...] [to discover new ways of doing things] [So what opportunities will you go after and why?] [If you're an entrepreneur] [you know that risk isn't the reward.] [No. The rewards are driving innovation ...] [... changing people's lives. Creating jobs.] [Fueling growth.] [And making a better world.] [Entrepreneurs are everywhere.] [They run small businesses that support our economy,] 
 So one particular day when I was feeling a little depressed and not a lot of joie de vivre, I ended up in the local bookstore around the corner from our offices. 
Each of us, no matter what our role is in business, has some hierarchy of needs in the workplace. So as I started reading more Maslow, what I started to realize is that Maslow, later in his life, wanted to take this hierarchy for the individual and apply it to the collective, to organizations and specifically to business. 
At age 17, he started asking the kinds of questions that you'd expect of someone with a beginner's mind. 
As I spent my week up in the Himalayas, I started to imagine what I call an emotional equation. 
1954, he wrote a book called "The Real Enjoyment of Living," and he suggested that happiness is not about having what you want; instead, it's about wanting what you have. 
Or in other words, I think the Bhutanese believe happiness equals wanting what you have -- imagine gratitude -- divided by having what you want -- gratification. 
As you look at these two columns here, doesn't it make you feel like it's time for us to start figuring out a new way to count, a new way to imagine what's important to us in life? 
He said, "If the only tool you have is a hammer, everything starts to look like a nail." 
 Okay, in this presentation, I'm going to be putting the right side of your brains You're going to see a lot of imagery, and it's not always connected to what I'm talking about, so I need you to kind of split your brains in half and let the images flow over one side and listen to me on the other. 
But I find that for myself, without exception, the more I deal with the work as something of my own, as something that is personal, the more successful it is as something that's compelling, interesting and sustaining. 
I don't have time to explain it, but it has to do with DNA and RNA. 
So then I can add some color in with the background and add a bit more color in with the words themselves, and this way, working with the art director, I'm able to bring it to just the right point that it's puzzling for the audience -- they can figure out that there's something they have to read -- but it's not impossible for them to read. 
And this is it -- just to give you and me a moment to catch up. 
I was very busy in the beginning of that year, and I didn't know when I was going to find time to design and print a single valentine. 
Just please accept that this piece of you escapes with your smile, and those of us who notice are happy to catch it in passing. 
Time spent with you is like chasing and catching small birds, but without the scratches and bird shit." 
I do spend a lot of time on my work. 
You know, I have to tell you, it's really difficult for someone like me to come up on stage at this conference with these unbelievably brilliant minds, who are thinking these really big-picture, world-changing, life-changing ideas and technologies. 
What ever happened to the Small Hadron Collider? 
Where is the Small Hadron Collider? 
Because the Small Hadron Collider once was the big thing. 
Now, the Small Hadron Collider is in a cupboard, overlooked and neglected. 
You know when the Large Hadron Collider started, and it didn't work, and people tried to work out why, it was the Small Hadron Collider team who sabotaged it because they were so jealous. 
The Finns may be a bit boring and depressive and there's a very high suicide rate, but by golly, they are qualified. 
So we all troop off to Finland, and we wonder at the social democratic miracle of Finland and its cultural homogeneity and all the rest of it, and then we struggle to imagine how we might bring lessons back. 
Because actually radical innovation does sometimes come from the very best, but it often comes from places where you have huge need -- unmet, latent demand -- and not enough resources for traditional solutions to work -- traditional, high-cost solutions, which depend on professionals, which is what schools and hospitals are. 
So if you look, as I did, through this tour, and by looking at about a hundred case studies of different social entrepreneurs working in these very extreme conditions, look at the recipes that they come up with for learning, they look nothing like school. 
What do they look like? 
If you want to attract people like Juanderson who could, for instance, buy guns, wear jewelry, ride motorbikes and get girls through the drugs trade, and you want to attract him into education, having a compulsory curriculum doesn't really make sense. 
And finally, you need transformational innovation that could imagine getting learning to people in completely new and different ways. 
And I'm happy to say that I'm now in the process of setting up this technology here in India. 
It turned out that Justin was almost He was suffering from brain seizures that were impossible to see with the naked eye, but that were actually causing symptoms that mimicked those of autism. 
Started out with my then four-year-old: "Oh, should buy the kid some Lego. 
He had to come in like a truck, a semi, with this thing." 
This went from a single idea and a single implementation in East Africa in the beginning of 2008 to a global deployment in less than three years. 
The first, obviously, is the world's free time and talents. 
The world has over a trillion hours a year of free time to commit to shared projects. 
Now, that free time existed in the 20th century, but we didn't get Ushahidi in the 20th century. 
We're also getting, of course, a lot of LOLcats. 
It is one of the curiosities of our historical era that even as cognitive surplus is becoming a resource we can design around, social sciences are also starting to explain how important our intrinsic motivations are to us, how much we do things because we like to do them rather than because our boss told us to do them, or because we're being paid to do them. 
This is a graph from a paper by Uri Gneezy and Aldo Rustichini, who set out to test, at the beginning of this decade, what they called "deterrence theory." 
The goals set out by Ushahidi are not just to make life better for the participants, but to make life better for everyone in the society in which Ushahidi is operating. 
to participate in these kinds of projects is going to grow, and we can see that organizations designed around a culture of generosity can achieve incredible effects without an enormous amount of contractual overhead -- a very different model than our default model for large-scale group action in the 20th century. 
Kamen said, "Free cultures get what they celebrate." 
In the last 50 years, we've been building the suburbs with a lot of unintended consequences. 
So whether it's redeveloping dying malls or re-inhabiting dead big-box stores or reconstructing wetlands out of parking lots, I think the fact is the growing number of empty and under-performing, especially retail, sites throughout suburbia gives us actually a tremendous opportunity to take our least-sustainable landscapes right now and convert them into more sustainable places. 
And those have been linked then with the rather alarming, growing rates of obesity, shown in these maps here, and that obesity has also been triggering great increases in heart disease and diabetes to the point where a child born today has a one-in-three chance of developing diabetes. 
Suburban expansion to cheap land, for the last 50 years -- you know the cheap land out on the edge -- has helped generations of families enjoy the American dream. 
We all tend to think of suburbia as this very family-focused place, but that's really not the case anymore. 
The reasons for this have a lot to with the dominance of the two big demographic groups right now: the Baby Boomers retiring -- and then there's a gap, Generation X, which is a small generation. 
Now I keep thinking this would be a great name for an indie rock band, but developers generally use it to refer to underused parking lots -- and suburbia is full of them. 
When the postwar suburbs were first built out on the cheap land away from downtown, it made sense to just build surface parking lots. 
We also found a lot of examples of dead big-box stores that have been converted into all sorts of community-serving uses as well -- lots of schools, lots of churches and lots of libraries like this one. 
In addition to, I think, doing a beautiful adaptive reuse, they tore up some of the parking spaces, put in bioswales to collect and clean the runoff, put in a lot more sidewalks to connect to the neighborhoods. 
Really all they did was they gave it a fresh coat of bright paint, a gourmet grocery, and they put up a restaurant in the old post office. 
Sometimes, it's all at once. 
Eventually, I expect that the streets will probably extend through a redevelopment of the mall. 
Plans have already been announced for a lot of those garden apartments above the mall to be redeveloped. 
I could imagine beautiful housing going up along there without tearing down another tree. 
I led a team that was asked to imagine Atlanta 100 years from now. 
And just the surface appearance are often -- like the Astroturf here -- they make me wince. 
But culturally, we tend to think that downtowns should be dynamic, and we expect that. 
But we seem to have an expectation that the suburbs should forever remain frozen in whatever adolescent form they were first given birth to. 
And those simple themes aren't really themes about the complex science of what's going on, but things that we all pretty well know. 
And we're making the ocean pretty unhappy in a lot of different ways. 
The connection between ocean health and human health is actually based upon another couple simple adages, and I want to call that "pinch a minnow, hurt a whale." 
We see the base of the food chain, the plankton, the small things, and we see how those animals are food to animals in the middle of the pyramid, and on so up this diagram. 
Now, a dolphin, mother dolphin, any dolphin -- there's only one way that a PCB can get out of a dolphin. 
Now, the mother then can go and reproduce, but what a terrible price to pay for the accumulation of this pollutant in these animals -- the death of the first-born calf. 
It turns out that a lot of dolphins in the whale meat market around the world. 
That led to a whole series of other campaigns in Japan, and I'm really proud to say that at this point, it's very difficult to buy anything in Japan that's labeled incorrectly, even though they're still selling whale meat, which I believe they shouldn't. 
Copepods are small crustaceans. 
And he could come in and fix the flow. 
And that pyramid in Monterey, right now, because of the efforts of a lot of different people, is functioning better than it's ever functioned for the last 150 years. 
It's an ocean planet, and we think of ourselves as a terrestrial species, but the pyramid of life in the ocean and our own lives on land are intricately connected. 
And just in closing, I'd just like to say this beautiful world that we live on -- here we see a bit of the snow that some of you may have had to brave in coming out -- so I'd like to just say that what the world needs now is a sense of being able to look at ourselves in this much larger condition now and a much larger sense of what home is. 
So not only do we do the veggie house, we also do the in-vitro meat habitat, or homes that we're doing research on now in Brooklyn, where, as an architecture office, we're for the first of its kind to put in a molecular cell biology lab and start experimenting with regenerative medicine and tissue engineering and start thinking about what the future would be if architecture and biology became one. 
That's why we grow homes. Thanks very much. 
Please excuse me for sitting; I'm very old. 
If you cut, with a sharp knife, one of the florets of a cauliflower and look at it separately, you think of a whole cauliflower, but smaller. 
And then you cut again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, again, and you still get small cauliflowers. 
So the experience of humanity has always been that there are some shapes which have this peculiar property, that each part is like the whole, but smaller. 
Each time you're closer, it gets bigger, down to very, very small distances. 
The volume of a lung is very small, but what about the area of the lung? 
Well, I was very sorry to point out that the pure man's mind has, in fact, seen at long last what had been seen for a long time. 
So it was in 1875 to 1925, an extraordinary period in which mathematics prepared itself to break out from the world. 
So he painted it, which means he put inside everything. He said: "Well, this thing came out ..." And I said, "Stop! Stop! Stop! 
Now compare that with real price increments. 
And I went from what's called real numbers, which are points on a line, to imaginary, complex numbers, which are points on a plane, which is what one should do there, and this shape came out. 
I don't want to explain these things. 
It's called School Feeding, and it's a really simple idea to sort of get in the middle of the cycle of poverty and hunger that continues for a lot of people around the world, and stop it. 
So FEED's doing great. We've so far provided 55 million meals to kids around the world by selling now 550,000 bags, a ton of bags, a lot of bags. 
It's actually been spreading all around the world and mainly through our kind of food systems that we're exporting. 
So those seem like two bifurcated problems, but I kind of started to think about, you know, what is obesity and hunger? What are both those things about? 
It's very consolidated, and the foods that are produced lead to the foods that we eat. 
There's this large, consolidated farming that's led to what we eat in America, and it's really been since around 1980, after the oil crisis, when, you know, mass consolidation, mass exodus of small farmers in this country. 
And in America, a lot of what we eat has led to obesity and has led to a real change in sort of what our diet is in the last 30 years. 
And in one generation, they're going from hunger, and all of the detrimental health effects of hunger, to obesity and things like diabetes and heart disease in one generation. 
We get a lot of our food from all around the world, and people from all around the world are importing our food system, so it's incredibly relevant to start a new way of looking at it. 
The thing is, I've learned -- and the technology people that are here, which I'm totally not one of them -- but apparently, it really takes 30 years for a lot of technologies to become really endemic to us, like the mouse and the Internet and Windows. 
So there's a lot of reasons to take this 30-year time period as sort of the creation of this new food system. 
And so in my lifetime, a lot of what's happened in the world -- and being a person obsessed with food -- a lot of this has really changed. 
And I think by aligning international advocates that are addressing hunger and domestic advocates that are addressing obesity, we might actually look for long-term solutions that will make the food system better for everyone. 
So I'm hoping that by connecting really disparate organizations like the ONE campaign and Slow Food, which don't seem right now to have much in common, we can talk about holistic, long-term, systemic solutions that will improve food for everyone. 
And you know, these are really relevant topics that are long term and important for both people in Africa who are small farmers and people in America who are farmers and eaters. 
But I really hope that you will all think of ways that you can look long term at things like the food system and make change. 
I waited for the wind to come up and held up a canvas, and that produced art. 
We worked with the Washington State Department of Fish and Wildlife to grow endangered frogs -- the Oregon spotted frog -- for later release into protected wetlands. 
And so what we see, I think, is that small, collective movements of change can perhaps move an entity such as our own prison system in a direction of hope. 
In the industrialized world, people were healthy, educated, rich, and they had small families. 
And in 1960, all Swedes were saving to try to buy a Volvo like this. 
They were saving to be able to buy a pair of shoes. 
A lot of companies have happened to grow the economy, so the Western population moved over to here. 
And their aspiration now is, of course, to buy a bicycle, and then later on they would like to have a motorbike also. 
I was in Shanghai recently, and I listened to what's happening in China, and it's pretty sure that they will catch up, just as Japan did. 
And if, but only if, we invest in the right green technology -- so that we can avoid severe climate change, and energy can still be relatively cheap -- then they will move all the way up here. 
And they will start to buy electric cars. 
So these [poorest] two billion will, in the next decades, increase to three billion, and they will thereafter increase to four billion. 
There is nothing -- but a nuclear war of a kind we've never seen -- that can stop this [growth] from happening. 
But if, and only if, [the poorest] get out of poverty, they get education, they get improved child survival, they can buy a bicycle and a cell phone and come [to live] here, then population growth will stop in 2050. 
Here I have children per woman: two children, four children, six children, eight children -- big families, small families. 
But look, this is the world my teacher talked about in 1960: one billion Western world here -- high child-survival, small families -- and all the rest, the rainbow of developing countries, with very large families and poor child survival. 
[When] they get up to 90-percent child survival, then families decrease, and most of the Arab countries in the Middle East is falling down there [to small families]. 
The whole emerging world joins the Western world with good child survival and small family size, but we still have the poorest billion. 
But what I want to talk to you about today is a lot of things that try to put all of this in context, not just about the oil eruption, but what it means and why it has happened. 
And now I mainly write books about how the ocean is changing, and the ocean is certainly changing very rapidly. 
If you go to the Gulf and you look around, you do see a lot of oil. 
You see a lot of oil on the ocean. 
You see a lot of oil on the shoreline. 
Their kids are in the water; they're getting tar all over their clothes and their sandals. It's a mess. 
Personally, I think that the dispersants are a major strategy to hide the body, because we put the murderer in charge of the crime scene. 
When it breaks up, it has a long way to go before it gets down to bacteria. 
And he felt that -- he felt that it was coming to ask for help. Sorry. 
The other thing about the Gulf that is important is that there are a lot of animals that concentrate in the Gulf So the Gulf is a really important piece of water -- more important than a similar volume of water in the open Atlantic Ocean. 
I'm hoping that maybe the adults are avoiding that dirty water. 
We're starting with something that's had a lot of stresses and a lot of problems to begin with. 
If you look around at the birds, there are a lot of birds in the Gulf that concentrate in the Gulf at certain times of the year, but then leave. 
I think that this is one of the most absolutely mind-boggling examples of total unpreparedness that I can even think of. 
And we just seem to be unable to figure out what to do. 
There is ample opportunity for oil and dirty water to get in behind them. 
We still seem to understand that at least we need the police to protect us from a few bad people. 
We seem to be waking up a little bit. 
The Glass-Steagall Act -- which was really to protect us from the kind of thing that caused the recession to happen, and the bank meltdown and all that stuff that required the bailouts -- that was put in effect in 1933, was systematically destroyed. 
The oil was running out, and a nuclear winter would finish us off. 
How did we achieve that? 
I want you to imagine how we got from making objects like this to making objects like this. 
They're both technologies. In the end, their similarity is not that interesting. 
Louis XIV had a lot of people working for him. 
People forget that. People think of trade as a modern thing. 
So I went onto Twitter, and I asked some people if they could explain to me "Cala a boca, Galvao." 
Some sick and twisted people have found themselves snorting Galvao. 
So Brazilians went to that first match against North Korea, put up this banner, started a Twitter campaign and tried to convince the rest of us to tweet the phrase: "Cala a boca, Galvao." 
So as long as activism is that simple, it's pretty easy to get away with. 
The other thing you can take from this, by the way, is that there are a lot of Brazilians on Twitter. 
Now if you're using Twitter or other social networks, and you didn't realize this was a space with a lot of Brazilians in it, you're like most of us. 
and Martin Wattenberg, two amazing visualization designers, who looked at a weekend's worth of Twitter traffic and essentially found that a lot of these trending topics were basically segregated conversations -- and in ways that you wouldn't expect. 
Now, Negroponte has been right about a lot of things. 
If I walk into a store in the United States, it's very, very easy for me to buy water that's bottled in Fiji, shipped at great expense to the United States. 
You can get on a flight in London, you can end up in Bangalore later today. 
Even within Wikipedias, where we're creating their own content online, there's a heavy bias towards the place where a lot of the Wikipedia authors are based, rather than to the rest of the world. 
In the U.K., you can get up, you can pick up your computer when you get out of this session, you could read a newspaper from India or from Australia, from Canada, God forbid from the U.S. 
So all of this starts leading me to think that we're in a state that I refer to as imaginary cosmopolitanism. 
In this case -- the map of the world at night by NASA -- they're dark literally because of lack of electricity. 
So a very, very small program designed to get people in front of computers, publishing their own thoughts, publishing independent media, ended up having a huge impact on what we know about this country. 
They look for the most interesting content in the English language. 
When we look for information online, we basically have two strategies. 
We use a lot of search. 
But if what you're looking for is serendipity, if you want to stumble onto something that you didn't know you needed, our main philosophy is to look to our social networks, to look for our friends. 
You end up flocking with a lot of people who are probably similar to you, who have similar interests. 
But with the internet, she's in a position where she can tell a lot of people what to read. 
For a lot of us it might be literature or writing. 
But before I go there, please allow me to share with you glimpses of my personal story. 
Now in the early 1970s, in Ankara, that was a bit unusual. 
And please bear with me: I'll draw a circle and come back to this point. 
So from this small, superstitious, middle-class neighborhood of my grandmother, I was zoomed into this posh, international school [in Madrid], where I was the only Turk. 
In our classroom, there were children from all nationalities, yet this diversity did not necessarily lead to a cosmopolitan, egalitarian classroom democracy. 
In the face of death and destruction, our mundane differences evaporated, and we all became one even if for a few hours. 
I'm not saying that fiction has the magnitude of an earthquake, but when we are reading a good novel, we leave our small, cozy apartments behind, go out into the night alone and start getting to know people we had never met before and perhaps had even been biased against. 
You're expected to write informative, poignant and characteristic stories and leave the experimental and avant-garde to your Western colleagues. 
The Sufis say, "Knowledge that takes you not beyond yourself is far worse than ignorance." 
The problem with today's cultural ghettos is not lack of knowledge -- we know a lot about each other, or so we think -- but knowledge that takes us not beyond ourselves: it makes us elitist, distant and disconnected. 
In that sense, I like to think of my fiction as both local and universal, both from here and everywhere. 
I might write about a Muslim woman in one novel, and perhaps it will be a very happy story, and in my next book, I might write about a handsome, gay professor in Norway. 
We should get out of our cultural ghetto and go visit the next one and the next. 
In the end, stories move like whirling dervishes, drawing circles beyond circles. 
It's a worry -- isn't it? -- that the rest of the world's media is doing such a bad job that a little group of activists is able to release more of that type of information than the rest of the world press combined. 
How do people release the documents? 
We get information in the mail, the regular postal mail, encrypted or not, vet it like a regular news organization, format it -- which is sometimes something that's quite hard to do, when you're talking about giant databases of information -- release it to the public and then defend ourselves against the inevitable legal and political attacks. 
JA: That's right, yeah. Very rarely do we ever know, and if we find out at some stage then we destroy that information as soon as possible. 
JA: Well, there's a question as to what sort of information is important in the world, what sort of information can achieve reform. 
And there's a lot of information. 
But there are legitimate secrets -- you know, your records with your doctor; that's a legitimate secret -- but we deal with whistleblowers that are coming forward that are really sort of well-motivated. 
Actually, they're not. My son isn't. How dare you?" 
JA: Yeah, we do get a lot of that. 
I mean, we're an organization that is hard to grow very quickly because of the sort of material we deal with, so we have to restructure in order to have people who will deal with the highest national security stuff, and then lower security cases. 
CA: So help us understand a bit about you personally and how you came to do this. 
Anyway, so we release this report in July last year. 
And there was a feeling in the community that that should never happen again, and as a result, working with Icelandic politicians and some other international legal experts, we put together a new sort of package of legislation for Iceland to sort of become an offshore haven for the free press, with the strongest journalistic protections in the world, with a new Nobel Prize for freedom of speech. 
When you think of the future then, do you think it's more likely to be Big Brother exerting more control, more secrecy, or us watching Big Brother, or it's just all to be played for either way? 
I rewrote that story, and in my version, the librarians find out that this is going to happen -- and here's a side note: if you want a comic book to do well, make the librarians the hero. It always works well. 
  So the librarians find out and they get together a special solution, a chemical solution called King's Water, that when mixed with 99 stones would be able to save all that culture and history in the books. 
And he controls them from the top down -- whereas when they work for the other side, eventually, when they find out this is the wrong person, they've been manipulated, they actually, each one has a different, colorful kind of dress. 
And I think I scared him --  because he basically promised me -- we had no product -- but he said, "We'll give you a paragraph in the arts section if you'll just go away." 
And that led to all kinds of things, from being in curricula in universities and schools to -- one of my favorite pictures I have from South Asia, it was a couple of men with long beards and a lot of girls wearing the hijab -- it looked like a school. 
Now, one of the things that I refer to when I -- about the importance of this message -- is that I gave a lecture at the medical school at Kuwait University, where I lecture on the biological basis of behavior, and I gave the students two articles, one from The New York Times and one from New York magazine. 
But what breaks my heart and what's alarming is that in those two interviews, the people around, who were interviewed as well, refer to that behavior as Talibanization. 
"Yes, Rayan, just go away." He left his Scooby Doo in his house. 
I said, "Go away. I'm working. I'm busy." 
And when I see pictures like this, of parents or uncles who think it's cute to have a little child holding a Koran and having a suicide bomber belt around them to protest something, the hope is by linking enough positive things to the Koran, that one day we can move this child from being proud in the way they're proud there, And I think -- I think The 99 can and will achieve its mission. 
As an undergrad at Tufts University, we were giving away free falafel one day and, you know, it was Middle East Day or something. 
And no two people could disagree about what the word free was and what the word falafel was, behind us, "free falafel." You know. 
DNA analysis, one of the hallmarks of the scientific revolution of the last 400 years that he started, was the way we found which set of bones actually belonged to the person who read all those astronomical books which were filled with leftover hair that was Copernicus' hair -- obviously not many other people bothered to read these books later on. 
What Kepler does is discover a lot of candidates, which we then follow up and find as planets, confirm as planets. 
There are small planets, there are bigger planets, there are big planets, okay. 
Up until recently, that was the Solar System -- four Earth-like planets with small radius, smaller than about two times the size of the Earth -- and that was of course Mercury, Venus, Mars, and of course the Earth, and then the two big, giant planets. 
The small planets dominated, and there was a certain harmony to that, which actually Copernicus was very happy to note, and Kepler was one of the big proponents of. 
So now we have Pluto to join the numbers of small planets. 
And we do care about planets like the Earth because by now we understood that life as a chemical system really needs a smaller planet with water and with rocks and with a lot of complex chemistry to originate, to emerge, to survive. 
You can see here, the small planets dominate the picture. 
And we can find those that we would call habitable, meaning that they have similar conditions to the conditions that we experience here on Earth and where a lot of complex chemistry can happen. 
So, we can even put a number to how many of those planets now do we expect our own Milky Way Galaxy harbors. 
We know and expect that we'll see that. 
And here comes biology -- biology, with its basic question, which still stands unanswered, which is essentially: "If there is life on other planets, do we expect it to be like life on Earth?" 
And a lot of the good news comes from that part of the bridge that we are trying to build as well. 
When we think of what is necessary for the phenomenon that we call life, we think of compartmentalization, keeping the molecules which are important for life in a membrane, isolated from the rest of the environment, but yet, in an environment in which they actually could originate together. 
And in a sense, you can think of that work that people are starting to do now around the world as building a bridge, building a bridge from two sides of the river. 
You've all learned that in school -- how small the Earth is And the bigger the telescope, the bigger that universe becomes. 
Let's think of life as that entire planet because, in a sense, it is. 
And let's compare it to the rest of the world in spatial terms. 
So in space, the Earth is very small. 
Can you imagine how small it is? 
It will be the size of a single, small atom. 
It is unimaginably small. 
We can't imagine it. 
I mean look, you can see the necktie, but you can't even imagine seeing the size of a little, small atom. 
Life and the universe compare to each other like a child and a parent, parent and offspring. 
Whether it's something simple like turning on the lights with a switch, or even as complex as programming robotics, we have always had to give a command to a machine, or even a series of commands, in order for it to do something for us. 
Communication between people, on the other hand, is far more complex and a lot more interesting because we take into account so much more than what is explicitly expressed. 
The majority of our functional brain is distributed over the outer surface layer of the brain, and to increase the area that's available for mental capacity, the brain surface is highly folded. 
So the idea here now is that Evan needs to imagine the object coming forward into the screen, and there's a progress bar that will scroll across the screen while he's doing that. 
So let's see if Evan can actually try and imagine pulling. 
But with "disappear," there's really no analogies -- so Evan, what you want to do here is to imagine the cube slowly fading out, okay. 
As I said, it's a very difficult process to imagine this. 
The technology can also be applied to real world applications -- in this example, a smart home. 
Narrator: We are all aware of the risk of cancer, but there's another disease that's destined to affect even more of us: arthritis. 
Common injuries can lead to decades of pain, until our joints quite literally grind to a halt. 
First thing for my wife, and the most common thing I hear from my patients, particularly in the 40- to 80-year-old age group, 70-year-old age group, is they come in and say, "Hey, Doc, isn't there just a shock absorber you can put in my knee? 
And so for her, I put in a human meniscus allograft donor right into that [knee] joint space. 
And then for that unstable ligament, we put in a human donor ligament to stabilize the knee. 
So here's my wife's bad knee on the left, and her just hiking now four months later in Aspen, and doing well. 
With this procedure, we were able to ensure that the kids across the three groups all did the same activity, making it easier for us to compare performance. 
A girl named Natsumi even approached Miss Smith as she was leaving the room and tugged on her skirt and asked, "Could you please tell my mommy I did it just like she said?" 
A sociologist from the Warsaw Survey Agency explained, "The older generation jumped from nothing to choice all around them. 
When someone can't see how one choice is unlike another, or when there are too many choices to compare and contrast, the process of choosing can be confusing and frustrating. 
Instead of making better choices, we become overwhelmed by choice, sometimes even afraid of it. 
This brings me to the third, and perhaps most problematic, assumption: "You must never say no to choice." 
They could not imagine turning that choice over to another, even though having made that choice made them feel trapped, guilty, angry. 
And this does not lead to a paralyzing moral relativism. 
Yeah, I -- as you would expect -- get pretty frustrated by choices like what nail polish to put on because I have to rely on what other people suggest. 
 And so I asked these two ladies, and the one lady told me, "Well, you should definitely wear 'Ballet Slippers.'" "Well, what does it look like?" 
"What does it look like?" 
We're looking at a lot of compounds, but recently been quite interested in the flame retardants, the brominated flame retardants that are in many, many things that we use in our everyday life, from the cushions in the chairs we're all sitting on to the plastic casings of our computers, our television sets and so on. 
As you all know, we throw out billions of computers and TVs every year. 
But we said, well, on the bright side, our harbor seals at least will not be bursting into flame anytime soon. 
But I was the recipient of a lot of flame retardant material for some reason. 
And just to point out the levels -- Americans have 10 to 40 times higher levels of these compounds in our bodies than the Europeans. 
And as you go down, they're catching all kinds of plankton, bumping into, you know, little wisps of life that are the food for the planktivores, the herring kind of fish. 
And you could just see the web of death as you go down in the water column. 
Well, you know, we got into this in the beginning as a trade-off, they say, between the wetlands versus the ocean depth. 
So they break down lipid membranes in our body, starting with cells of the skin, the cells of organs. 
And now they were forced to release the ultimate list of everything that's in Corexit. 
The plankton and the plankton eaters, you know, these are the little herring fish that go through the water column with their mouths open, feeding indiscriminately and just lapping up this brown pudding of toxic stuff. 
See the oil and Corexit is causing death at a much, much lower dose than oil alone. 
And you're having a lot of different unpleasant effects, but burns to the eyes and mouth, skin ulcers, lesions. 
Whatever it is, please let us have the truth. 
We're in 17th century Japan on the west coast, and a little, wizened monk is hurrying along, near midnight, to the crest of a small hill. 
He arrives on the small hill, dripping with water. 
Now I don't expect all of you to see all the details here, but what I want you to see is this is about 10 percent of the processes that operate within the oceans almost continuously, and have for the last 4 billion years. 
Look at this diagram, which is showing warm waters in red, cool waters in blue, and on the continents, what you're seeing in bright green, is the growth of vegetation, and in olive green, the dieback of vegetation. 
Modeling: on the right hand side, there's a very complex computational model. 
You can transmit power, but the bandwidth is in those tiny, little threads smaller than the hair on your head in diameter. 
So anyone coming along later simply accesses the database and can draw down the information they need about anything that has taken place. 
And we're going to go down into the Axial Seamount using animation. 
Here's what this system is going to look like that we are funded to build at this point. 
Nanotechnology: this is a small generator. 
It's smaller than a postage stamp, and it can generate power just by being attached to your shirt as you move. 
Imaging: Many of you know a good deal more about this type of thing than I, but stereo imaging at four times the definition that we have in HD will be routine within five years. 
Many of you don't think of this yet, but the ocean will be in your pocket. 
In "Little Gidding" he says -- speaking I think for the human race, but certainly for the TED Conference and Sylvia -- "We shall not cease from exploration, and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time, arrive through the unknown remembered gate where the last of earth left to discover is that which was the beginning. 
The first observation is something that you might think is quite obvious, and that's that our species, Homo sapiens, is actually really, really smart -- like, ridiculously smart -- like you're all doing things that no other species on the planet does right now. 
You know, so I could turn to pretty much any sage from Shakespeare to Stephen Colbert to point out things like the fact that we're noble in reason and infinite in faculties and just kind of awesome-er than anything else on the planet when it comes to all things cerebral. 
But it turns out, what social scientists are actually learning is that most of us, when put in certain contexts, will actually make very specific mistakes. 
What I'm most curious about is, how is a species that's as smart as we are capable of such bad and such consistent errors all the time? 
And of course, if we are put in environments where we can't deal with it, in some sense makes sense that we actually might mess certain things up. 
We'd actually just say, okay, let's figure out the kinds of technologies we can't deal with, the kinds of environments that are bad -- get rid of those, design things better, and we should be the noble species that we expect ourselves to be. 
This is a possibility that I worry a little bit more about, because, if it's us that's messed up, it's not actually clear how we go about dealing with it. 
We make a lot of mistakes in a lot of different contexts. 
But this is the unit of currency that we've taught our monkeys at Yale to actually use with humans, to actually buy different pieces of food. 
It doesn't look like much -- in fact, it isn't like much. 
It was useless to the monkeys at first before they realized what they could do with it. 
Well, you might actually imagine them to do all the kinds of smart things that humans do when they start exchanging money with each other. 
You might have them start paying attention to price, paying attention to how much they buy -- sort of keeping track of their monkey token, as it were. 
When they get a hankering for some treats, we actually allowed them a way out into a little smaller enclosure where they could enter the market. 
Upon entering the market -- it was actually a much more fun market for the monkeys than most human markets because, as the monkeys entered the door of the market, a human would give them a big wallet full of tokens so they could actually trade the tokens with one of these two guys here -- two different possible human salesmen that they could actually buy stuff from. 
So everything costs one token, but as you can see, sometimes tokens buy more than others, sometimes more grapes than others. 
So imagine that right now I handed each and every one of you a thousand U.S. dollars -- so 10 crisp hundred dollar bills. 
Because it's yours now; you can buy whatever you want. 
Your other option is a bit safe. Your just going to get some money for sure. 
So now imagine that I give each and every one of you 2,000 dollars -- 20 crisp hundred dollar bills. 
Now you can buy double to stuff you were going to get before. 
And now imagine that I have you make another choice But this time, it's a little bit worse. 
And I'm seeing a lot of furrowed brows out there. 
So we think of things as, "Oh, I'm going to get more," or "Oh, I'm going to get less." 
What you saw in that last scenario is that subjects get risky because they want the small shot that there won't be any loss. 
So they look like they're starting out with a big amount. 
They do some of the smart things we do, some of the kind of not so nice things we do, like steal it and so on. 
This is the first take-home message of the Talk, which is that if you saw the beginning of this and you thought, oh, I'm totally going to go home and hire a capuchin monkey financial adviser. 
You know, think of our evolutionary predilection for eating sweet things, fatty things like cheesecake. 
We're going to perceive it as a good thing to go after. 
When you're watching your stocks plummet into the red, when you're watching your house price go down, you're not going to be able to see that in anything but old evolutionary terms. 
This means that the biases that lead investors to do badly, that lead to the foreclosure crisis are going to be really hard to overcome. 
Well, the good news, I think, is what I started with at the beginning of the Talk, which is that humans are not only smart; to the rest of the animals in the biological kingdom. 
to achieve our own human potential and really be the noble species we hope to all be. 
Now, I don't know if any of you have had the opportunity to go to Mt. Everest, but it's quite an ordeal getting up there. 
And then we got up to this small lake underneath the summit of Mt. Everest, and I prepared myself the same way as I've always prepared myself, for this swim which was going to be so very difficult. 
And I ask you, please, to go away from here and think about that one radical tactical shift which will make that big difference, and then commit a hundred percent to doing it. 
Blog about it, tweet about it, talk about it, and commit a hundred percent, because very, very few things are impossible to achieve So thank you very, very much. 
I was going to work with small farmers. 
What I found was, I started working with refugees and famine victims -- small farmers, all, or nearly all -- who had been dispossessed and displaced. 
I found out how many people had been put in jail, how many family members had been killed. 
It's not the work I set out to do. 
Everybody else raised their prices to the gatherers of Brazil nuts because we would buy it otherwise. 
There's a basic equation that we can't get away from. 
Should you be able to buy a product that's sustainable sitting next to one that isn't, or should all the products on the shelf be sustainable? 
They may have a lot of opinions about it, but they're not going to be terribly informed. 
Let's see, that's about 7,000 languages, 350 major languages -- a lot of work there. 
And if you go through the first 25 or 30 names of each of the commodities, what you begin to see is, gosh, there's Cargill here, there's Cargill there, there's Cargill everywhere. 
We said: if we take the top hundred companies, of all 15 commodities do they touch, buy or sell? 
Because if these companies demand sustainable products, they'll pull 40 to 50 percent of production. 
We eventually got, I think, 60 percent of global production at the table and 25 percent of demand at the table. 
For the producers, if a buyer wants to buy something produced a certain way, that's what brings them to the table. 
So it's the demand that brings them to the table. 
Buy it. 
Now most people understand that Mars is a chocolate company, but Mars has made sustainability pledges to buy only certified product for all of its seafood. 
If you take a look just at water, what we see is that, with four very common products, you look at how much a farmer produced to make those products, and then you look at how much water input was put into them, and then you look at what the farmer was paid. 
For instance, in the last half-century, more girls were discriminated to death than all the people killed on all the battlefields in the 20th century. 
The second tenet of "Half the Sky" is that, let's put aside the morality of all the right and wrong of it all, and just on a purely practical level, we think that one of the best ways to fight poverty and to fight terrorism is to educate girls and to bring women into the formal labor force. 
 So what would some of the specific challenges look like? 
Today, you can buy a girl trafficked for a few hundred dollars, which means she's actually more disposable. 
We don't have to expect a world where girls are bought and sold or killed. 
In Niger, one in seven women can expect to die during childbirth. 
So of course, when you educate a girl, she tends to get married later on in life, she tends to have kids later on in life, she tends to have fewer kids, and those kids that she does have, she educates them in a more enlightened fashion. 
She lives in a small village outside Lahore, Pakistan. 
One is that research shows that once you have all of your material needs taken care of -- which most of us, all of us, here in this room do -- research shows that there are very few things in life that can actually elevate your level of happiness. 
She was in her grandmother's backyard, and she saw something that made her break down in tears. 
So we've tackled that problem, and we've come up with a solution, which we'll see in a second. 
Female Voice: Squashing a snail may not seem important, but remember, even this choice will affect how Milo develops. 
Now we need to have a bit more engagement, and again, what we can do is we can look at the body. 
First, we'd need to buy content from the West and air it. 
I'd say, watch any successful well-written, family-friendly sitcom in the West for your answers. 
In fact, they were so successful that you could buy a pirated copy of their DVD, even before it was released in the Middle East. 
So it causes a lot of inner conflict, you know, like part of me likes me, part of me hates me. 
Part of me thinks I should have a nuclear program, the other part thinks I can't be trusted with one. 
But a lot of times in Hollywood, when casting directors find out you're of Middle Eastern descent, they go, "Oh, you're Iranian. Great. 
 Because I imagine the director: "Maz, I think your character would rob the bank with a bomb around him." 
Now I'll tell you, as a Middle Eastern male, when you show up around a lot of these activities, you start feeling guilty at one point. 
But the fact is, I've been lucky to get a chance to perform all over the world, and I did a lot of shows in the Middle East. 
The other thing you learn sometimes when you travel to these countries in the Middle East, sometimes in Latin American countries, South American countries -- a lot of times when they build stuff, there's no rules and regulations. 
I was in Dubai. And there's a lot of Indians who work in Dubai. 
And so, sort of, the crux of this presentation is going to go through four really important game dynamics, really interesting things, that, if you use consciously, you can use to influence behavior, both for good, for bad, for in-between. 
There's still a lot of people who are trying to figure out social and how do we leverage this and how do we use this, but the framework itself is done, and it's called Facebook. 
And that's okay, right? A lot of people are very happy with Facebook. 
And if you're happy with that, fantastic. 
So like I said, the way that you go through and build on the game layer is not with glass and steel and cement. 
This sort of loss of free will that occurs in games can be frightening, so with each dynamic, I'm going to give three examples: one that shows how this is already being used in the real world, so you can sort of rationalize it a little bit; one that shows it in what we consider a conventional game -- I think everything is a game, but this is sort of more of a what you would think is a game played on a board or on a computer screen, 
So the first one -- the most famous appointment dynamic in the world -- is something called happy hour. 
So I just recently dropped out of Princeton and actually ended up for the first time in a bar, and I saw these happy hour things all over the place, right. 
And then you can really achieve good in some interesting ways. 
The final one I want to talk about -- and it's a great one to end on -- is this concept of communal discovery, a dynamic in which everyone has to work together to achieve something. 
Let me point out some that I really like. 
We need to imagine what a landscape of the world's fears might look like. 
But the height here, I want to point out, is the intensity of certain fears as reported in the media. 
 So these are what our fears look like over time in our media. 
But if you look at it directly, it's just a lot of numbers and disconnected facts. 
 DM: Sick leave. Yeah, you'll definitely want to take some time off. 
Your sense of sight is the fastest. 
So a lot of your vision -- the bulk of it is visual, and it's pouring in. 
We need relative figures that are connected to other data so that we can see a fuller picture, and then that can lead to us changing our perspective. 
It's a way of squeezing an enormous amount of information and understanding into a small space. 
It feels like we have a lot of information problems in our society at the moment, from the overload and the saturation to the breakdown of trust and reliability and runaway skepticism and lack of transparency, or even just interestingness. 
They inspect it, they check it for cracks, for drill damage, for spalls, for chips. 
Antarctica was this planet's last empty quarter -- in our expanding vision of the world. 
Early explorers sailed off the edge of the map, and they found a place where the normal rules of time and temperature seem suspended. 
And this is how we've seen the ocean since the beginning of time. 
There's been a lot of folklore developed around the ocean, mostly negative. 
But that day I flew low over the islands -- it was a family trip to the Caribbean, and I flew in a small plane low over the islands. 
Every time I'd come up with a crazy cartoon character on the drawing board, I'd find a critter in the ocean that was even crazier. 
It's just incredible; no Hollywood designer could come up with something more interesting than that. 
Or this fangtooth. The particles in the water make it look like it's floating in outer space. 
So some of them actually seem to have powers like superheroes in a comic book. 
Could you imagine being born with a tool for a nose? 
I have a hermit crab named Hawthorne, who doesn't get a lot of respect as a hermit crab, so he kind of wishes he were a great white shark. 
So, imagine a great white shark and a giant squid in the same bathroom. 
And that was a lot of fun because, as most of you know, it's a real project we've heard about. 
But it was a chance for me to introduce readers to a lot of crazy undersea characters. 
I was speaking to a lot of my friends in the conservation business, and they -- I asked them, "So what's one issue you would like everyone to know more about?" 
What I'm trying to tell readers is that plastic doesn't really go away; it just continues to wash downstream. 
And a lot of it ends up washing into the ocean, which is a great story if you attach a couple characters to it, especially if they can't stand each other, like these two. 
And it ended up in the Boise River and then on to the Columbia River and then to the mouth of the Columbia and to the Pacific Ocean and then on to this place called the Great Pacific Garbage Patch -- which is this giant Pacific gyre in the North Pacific, where a lot of this plastic ends up floating around -- and then back onto the lagoon. 
So a lot of people remember the plastic bottle anyway, but we really talked about marine debris and plastic in the course of that one. 
So I got a lot of reader feedback on that one. 
You really don't have to worry about the audience suspending its sense of disbelief because, if you start with a talking shark, readers pretty much check their disbelief at the door. 
And he clicks the "buy now" button. 
I've been trying to think of a metaphor to represent Mission Blue, and this is what I came up with. 
It's big, it's heavy. You can't carry it away, so you bang it with your hammer, and you break off a piece. 
And you've taken all this complexity and beauty, and you've turned it into a cheap commodity. 
And that's what I hope my comic strip does in a small way. 
And we don't really understand what oil is, until you check out its molecules, And you don't really understand that until you see this stuff burn. 
It starts of with the very small ones, which are one carbon, four hydrogen -- that's methane -- it just floats off. 
The next thing that happens is the light ends evaporate, and some of the toxic things float into the water column and kill fish eggs and smaller fish and things like that, and shrimp. 
Nobody gets up in the morning and thinks, "Wow! I'm going to go buy some three-carbon-to-12-carbon molecules to put in my tank and drive happily to work." 
No, they think, "Ugh. I have to go buy gas. 
You might notice that many gas pumps, including this one, are designed to look like ATMs. 
Now there's another perverse thing about the way we buy gas, which is that we'd rather be doing anything else. 
And so, cognitive dissonance is part and parcel of the way that we deal with oil, and it's really important to dealing with this oil spill. 
It was terrifying; you think Walmart is a terrifying business model now, imagine what this looked like in the 1860s or 1870s. 
But what's really amazing is that Ida Tarbell, the journalist, went in and did a big exposé of Rockefeller and actually got the whole antitrust laws put in place. 
It also put in place the National Environmental Policy Act, the Clean Air Act, the Clean Water Act. 
The other thing that we've done, as we've continued to increase demand, is that we kind of play a shell game with the costs. 
One of the places we put in a big oil project in Chad, with Exxon. 
That was the beginning of an escalating U.S. involvement there that we do not pay for at the pump. 
Also, every time you buy gasoline in the United States, half of it is actually being refined along the coast, because the Gulf actually has about 50 percent of our refining capacity and a lot of our marine terminals as well. 
This is something that perhaps Turkish Airlines should have studied a bit more carefully before they ran this campaign. 
So to explain that -- if you've got an elementary particle and you shine a light on it, then the photon of light has momentum, which knocks the particle, so you don't know where it was before you looked at it. 
Think about the group of moms who are talking about their wonderful children in a focus group, and almost none of them buy lots of junk food. 
And if you think about the number of people who claim in surveys to regularly look for porn on the Web, it's very few. 
Take BP -- they spent millions of pounds over many years building up its credentials as an environmentally friendly brand, but then one little accident. 
You can't fight it, so embrace it and find a way to work with it. 
I have a dream that we can stop thinking that the future will be a nightmare, and this is going to be a challenge, because, if you think of every major blockbusting film of recent times, nearly all of its visions for humanity are apocalyptic. 
It's part of the fight and flight mechanism, that when an animal is frightened -- think of a deer. 
And one of the problems that we face, I think, is that the only people that have cornered the market in terms of progress is a financial definition of what progress is, an economic definition of what progress is -- that somehow, if we get the right numbers to go up, we're going to be better off, whether that's on the stock market, whether that's with GDP and economic growth, that somehow life is going to get better. 
In the second World War, we needed to produce a lot of stuff. 
And indeed, we were so successful at producing certain types of stuff that we destroyed a lot of Europe, and we had to rebuild it afterwards. 
I believe, if Kennedy was alive today, he would be asking statisticians such as myself to go out and find out what makes life worthwhile. 
These seem to be natural human aspirations. 
And we created, at the organization that I work for, the New Economics Foundation, something we call the Happy Planet Index, because we think people should be happy and the planet should be happy. 
And what we do, is we say that the ultimate outcome of a nation is how successful is it at creating happy and healthy lives for its citizens. 
To the top right of the graph, are countries which are doing reasonably well and producing well-being, but they're using a lot of planet to get there. 
Malaria, HIV/AIDS are killing a lot of people in these regions of the world. 
And then we're starting to create a happy planet. 
And this is the trend in well-being over that time, a small increase, but this is the trend in ecological footprint. 
And that means we have to really increase efficiency even more. 
You put a smart meter in your home, and you see how much electricity you're using right now, how much it's costing you, your kids go around and turn the lights off pretty quickly. 
What would that look like for society? 
At a business level, you might look at the well-being of your employees, which we know is really linked to creativity, which is linked to innovation, and we're going to need a lot of innovation to deal with those environmental issues. 
Based on a lot of evidence for mindfulness, cognitive behavioral therapy, [very] strong for our well being. 
They don't need a lot of material goods to be satisfied. 
And we need to have signposts gathering people together and pointing them -- something like the Happy Planet Index. 
We're the first generation -- thanks to science -- to be informed that we may be undermining the stability and the ability of planet Earth to support human development as we know it. 
On this journey, I'd like to bring, apart from yourselves, a good friend, a stakeholder, who's always absent when we deal with the negotiations on environmental issues, a stakeholder who refuses to compromise -- planet Earth. 
Are we in fact putting ourselves in a situation where we're coming too close to thresholds that could lead to deleterious and very undesired, if now catastrophic, change for human development? 
And could we even, thanks to major advancements in Earth systems science, identify the thresholds, the points where we may expect nonlinear change? 
Together, these form an integrated whole for guiding human development in the Anthropocene, understanding that the planet is a complex self-regulating system. 
In the '60s already, through the green revolution of fixing nitrogen from the atmosphere -- you know, human's today take out more nitrogen from the atmosphere than the whole biosphere does naturally as a whole. 
But it changes fundamentally our governance and management paradigm, from the current linear, command and control thinking, looking at efficiencies and optimization towards a much more flexible, a much more adaptive approach, where we recognize that redundancy, both in social and environmental systems, is key to be able to deal with a turbulent era of global change. 
have led to a tremendous increase in area under mulch, zero till farming which, not only produces more food, but also sequesters carbon. 
Sweden, the country I come from, has other examples, where wetlands in southern Sweden were seen as -- as in many countries -- as flood-prone polluted nuisance in the peri-urban regions. 
Well, interestingly, and based on my work and others in Africa, for example, we've shown that even the most vulnerable small-scale rainfall farming systems, with innovations and supplementary irrigation to bridge dry spells and droughts, sustainable sanitation systems to close the loop on nutrients from toilets back to farmers' fields, and innovations in tillage systems, we can triple, quadruple, yield levels on current land. 
Elinor Ostrom, the latest Nobel laureate of economics, clearly shows empirically across the world that we can govern the commons if we invest in trust, local, action-based partnerships and cross-scale institutional innovations, where local actors, together, can deal with the global commons But even on the hard policy area we have innovations. 
Now, science indicates that, yes, we can achieve a prosperous future within the safe operating space, if we move simultaneously, collaborating on a global level, from local to global scale, in transformative options, which build resilience on a finite planet. 
TD: From the time I was very young, onward, I was given a lot of different responsibilities, and it always seemed to me, when I was young, that everything was laid out before me. 
I was given the clothes that I needed to wear and told where I needed to be, given these very precious and holy looking robes to wear, with the understanding that it was something sacred or important. 
And immediately, a lot of different responsibilities, in terms of my education and so forth, were heaped upon me. 
And I think that's symbolic of what we're seeing in the world in general, that the world is becoming smaller and smaller, and that all of the peoples in the world are enjoying more opportunities for connection. 
Along with outward development and increase of opportunity, there should be inward development and deepening of our heart connections as well as our outward connections. 
We heard a lot about technology this week, and it's important for us to remember to invest a lot of our energy in improving the technology of the heart. 
TD: So, even though I'm somewhat happy about the wonderful developments that are happening in the world, still, I feel a sense of impediment, when it comes to the ability that we have to connect with each other on a heart-to-heart, or a mind-to-mind, level. 
And I think that sometimes we develop grand concepts of what happiness might look like for us, but that, if we pay attention, we can see that there are little symbols of happiness in every breath that we take. 
Everyone, please think of your biggest personal goal. 
Take a few seconds and think of your personal biggest goal, okay? 
Any time you have a goal, there are some steps that need to be done, some work that needs to be done in order to achieve it. 
Now, those who kept their mouths shut worked the entire 45 minutes on average, and when asked afterward, said that they felt that they had a long way to go still to achieve their goal. 
So with the help of some biologists studying the fungus, I got some maps and some GPS coordinates and chartered a plane and started looking for the death rings, the circular patterns in which the fungus kills the trees. 
So that white material that you see in between the bark and the wood is the mycelial felt of the fungus, and what it's doing -- it's actually slowly strangling the tree to death by preventing the flow of water and nutrients. 
This is the Fortingall Yew -- no, I'm just kidding -- this is the Fortingall Yew. 
And you know, I think of all of these organisms as palimpsests. 
It's bushfelt region, which is dry and prone to a lot of fires, as so what these trees have done is, if you can imagine that this is the crown of the tree, and that this is ground level, imagine that the whole thing, that whole bulk of the tree, migrated underground, and you just have those leaves peeping up above the surface. 
This is the clonal Mojave yucca, it's about a mile away, and it's a little bit older than 12,000 years. 
They've withstood untold natural perils and human encroachments, but now some of them are in jeopardy, and they can't just get up and get out of the way. 
So if you think of a map of your country, I think you'll realize that for every country on Earth, you could draw little circles to say, "These are places where good teachers won't go." 
I gave them a computer with a speech-to-text interface, which you now get free with Windows, and asked them to speak into it. 
 Two months later -- and this is now documented in the Information Technology for International Development journal -- that accents had changed and were remarkably close to the neutral British accent in which I had trained the speech-to-text synthesizer. 
And I was doing that in the field, so every time I would watch it and think of him. 
If you leave it on the pavement and if all the adults go away, then they will show off with each other about what they can do. 
And all over India, at the end of about two years, children were beginning to Google their homework. 
So at the end of the next four years, I decided that groups of children can navigate the internet to achieve educational objectives on their own. 
So, having experimented in all sorts of remote places, I came to the most remote place that I could think of. 
And I explained to them that, you know, a lot of scientific research is done using that method. 
I have further results, which are almost unbelievable, of scores which go up with time. 
 The deal was that they would give me one hour of broadband time, sitting in their homes, one day in a week. 
Fifteen minutes later -- next question: where is Calcutta? 
And one of those competitions, I just won a small, little transistor Philips radio. 
He just started asking, "Where did you buy the radio? How much is it?" 
Martin Luther King would say, "I imagine a world where all cows will be free to cross the road, without having their motives called into question." 
 Imagine Moses comes now, and he sees the same cow walking around the street. 
 So, what we see is just what we think often, and most of the time, we don't see what it is. 
Then I thought, "I will go to the Small Scale Industries Facilitating Unit and ask help." 
Please come for the show." 
You buy this for 3,000 rupees, it'll become 30,000 in two months. 
And this was collected by Anupam -- which is like, finally in the end, he will not have anything, because it will evaporate. 
While I was doing that work, my mom and my dad, they were looking at it and they said, "Why do you deal with negative subjects all the time?" 
"Of course not. For me," I'm thinking, "this is tucked in some small solid, but the moment it evaporates, it's merged with the whole." 
This is the first day -- it just gives the appearance that one is becoming the other. 
Through that small little slit between the glass box and the wood, the air goes underneath the sculpture and creates the other one. 
And perhaps also, there's a lesson about how to deal with our screwed-up, fragmenting and dangerous world of the 21st century. 
I was a single British diplomat in New York City; you can imagine what that might have meant. 
I had been steeped in the intelligence on Iraq and its WMD, and my testimony to the inquiry said three things: that the government exaggerated the intelligence, which was very clear in all the years I'd read it. 
And indeed, our own internal assessment was very clear that Iraq's WMD did not pose a threat to its neighbors, let alone to us. 
A lot of my friends were still in it. 
They were not allowed a foreign office to help them deal with this immensely complicated process, which became known as the Final Status Process of Kosovo. 
There's a bit of randomness here too because, when I was beginning Independent Diplomat, I went to a party in the House of Lords, which is a ridiculous place, but I was holding my drink like this, and I bumped into this guy who was standing behind me. 
If governments are less able to affect the problems that affect us in the world, then that means, who is left to deal with them, who has to take greater responsibility to deal with them? 
If they can't do it, who's left to deal with it? 
And we will be trying to bring the parties to New York to sit down in a quiet room in a private setting with no press to the members of the U. N. Security Council, and for the members of the U.N. Security Council to explain to them what they want. 
And one who lives for my home theater, a home theater where I devour DVDs, video-on-demand and a lot of television. 
Moreover, we're afraid that technology has altered our very assumptions of cultural consumption. 
  Now, rather than saying that we're on the brink of our own annihilation, I prefer to believe that we are engaged in a fundamental reformation, a reformation like the religious Reformation of the 16th century. 
Chris Anderson, someone I trust you all know, editor-in-chief of Wired magazine and author of "The Long Tail," really was the first -- for me -- to nail a lot of this. 
He wrote a long time ago, you know, thanks to the invention of the Internet, web technology, mini-cams and more, the means of artistic production have been democratized for the first time in all of human history. 
Today's dance world is not defined solely by the Royal Winnipeg Ballet or the National Ballet of Canada, but by Liz Lerman's Dance Exchange -- a multi-generational, professional dance company, whose dancers range in age from 18 to 82, and who work with genomic scientists to embody the DNA strand and with nuclear physicists at CERN. 
And absolutely -- I hope you know that every dollar spent on a performing arts ticket in a community generates five to seven additional dollars for the local economy, dollars spent in restaurants or on parking, at the fabric stores where we buy fabric for costumes, the piano tuner who tunes the instruments and more. 
But the arts are going to be more important to economies as we go forward, especially in industries we can't even imagine yet, just as they have been central to the iPod and the computer game industries, which few, if any of us come have foreseen 10 to 15 years ago. 
Ultimately, especially now in this world, where we live in a context of regressive and onerous immigration laws, in reality TV that thrives on humiliation, and in a context of analysis, where the thing we hear most repeatedly, day-in, day-out in the United States, in every train station, every bus station, every plane station is, "Ladies and gentlemen, please report any suspicious behavior or suspicious individuals to the authorities nearest you," 
The nations that brought it up when we had the speeches of the national leaders -- it tended to be the leaders of the small island states, the low-lying island states. 
It's not clear what the target should be. 
And how can you figure out how to fix something if you don't have a clear target? 
But there's not a lot of science behind that number. 
There's not a lot of science behind that one either. 
But to answer that question, to make a clear attribution to carbon dioxide, you have to know something about all of these other agents of change. 
Because it's partly floating, you can imagine, is sea level rises a little bit, the ice lifts off the bed, and then it can break off and float north. 
We saw these alternations between sediments that look like this -- there's gravel and cobbles in there and a bunch of sand. 
Well, we're pretty sure that it's very small changes in the amount of sunlight reaching Antarctica, just caused by natural changes in the orbit of the Earth. 
We do expect to see a sea-level rise on the order of one to two meters by the end of this century. 
When these things die, immediately, organisms come in and encrust and live on that dead surface. 
So one of the things thought of in the '80s was to go back and take cores of coral heads throughout the Galapagos and find out how often was there a devastating event. 
We're not killing the colony; we're taking a small core sample out of the top. 
So, what we do: we've merged a lot of different data sets. 
You know, these are things that we have good physiological reasons to expect to see stressed caused by this transience. 
You can think of them as three dials on a giant wheel. 
Dancers at a street corner -- it's a crowd, a small one, but they can all obviously see what each other can do. 
That's a lot of light. 
I mean, there's a lot of passion right here on this screen. 
I mean, today, one person speaking can be seen by millions, shedding bright light on potent ideas, creating intense desire for learning and to respond -- and in his case, intense desire to laugh. 
And so, as we've thought about this, you know, it's become clear to us what the next stage of TED's evolution has to be. 
Now, is it possible to imagine a similar process to this, happening to global education overall? 
They get up just a little bit later every day -- say 15 minutes or so -- and they kind of drift all the way around the clock like this over the course of the weeks. 
We evolved as a species near the equator, and so we're very well-equipped to deal with 12 hours of daylight and 12 hours of darkness. 
In winter, there's a lot of sleeping going on; you enjoy your family life inside. 
So, what would our natural rhythm look like? 
What would our sleeping patterns be in the sort of ideal sense? 
And you can get an intuitive appreciation for this if you imagine just the people at the perimeter of the network. 
Please raise your hand -- oh, that's a lot. 
And what I was curious about -- because historically, the whole pig would be used up until the last bit so nothing would be wasted -- and I was curious to find out if this was actually still the case. 
 And well, I didn't expect them to even answer my email. 
And you can imagine what that would be like, right, in your own life -- and I know this is true of some of you -- if you were drinking all day, and then you switched from a depressant to a stimulant in your life, you would have better ideas. 
I've been spending a lot of time thinking about coffeehouses for the last five years, because I've been kind of on this quest to investigate this question of where good ideas come from. 
What are the environments that lead to unusual levels of innovation, unusual levels of creativity? 
But what you have to do to make sense of this and to really understand these principles is you have to do away with a lot of the way in which our conventional metaphors and language steers us towards certain concepts of idea-creation. 
We have this very rich vocabulary to describe moments of inspiration. 
The problem is, if you buy a $40,000 incubator, and you send it off to a mid-sized village in Africa, it will work great for a year or two years, and then something will go wrong and it will break, because you don't have a whole system of spare parts, and you don't have the on-the-ground expertise to fix this $40,000 piece of equipment. 
And what they noticed was they don't have a lot of DVRs, they don't have a lot of microwaves, but they seem to do a pretty good job of keeping their cars on the road. 
They seem to have the expertise to keep cars working. 
In fact, the spaces that have historically led to innovation tend to look like this, right. 
This is what your office should look like, is part of my message here. 
They want to say, "There I was, I was standing there and I had it all suddenly clear in my head." 
But in fact, if you go back and look at the historical record, it turns out that a lot of important ideas have very long incubation periods -- I call this the "slow hunch." 
We've heard a lot recently about hunch and instinct and blink-like sudden moments of clarity, but in fact, a lot of great ideas linger on, sometimes for decades, in the back of people's minds. 
It's hard to go to your boss and say, "I have an excellent idea for our organization. 
So, in a sense, we often talk about the value of protecting intellectual property, you know, building barricades, having secretive R&amp;D labs, patenting everything that we have, so that those ideas will remain valuable, and people will be incentivized to come up with more ideas, But I think there's a case to be made that we should spend at least as much time, if not more, valuing the premise of connecting ideas 
And I'll leave you with this story, which I think captures a lot of these values, and it's just wonderful kind of tale of innovation and how it happens in unlikely ways. 
It was right at 20 MHz, so you could pick it up really easily, because they were afraid that people would think it was a hoax, basically. 
And they they start thinking, "Well gosh, you know, we're noticing small little frequency variations here. 
A couple weeks later their boss, Frank McClure, pulls them into the room and says, "Hey, you guys, I have to ask you something about that project you were working on. 
Because see, I have these new nuclear submarines that I'm building. 
Picture yourself driving down a small road in Africa, and as you drive along, you look off to the side, and this is what you see: you see a field of graves. 
And you stop, and you get out of your car and you take a picture. 
But you go to Rwanda -- a very small country -- 8,000 mothers with HIV who are pregnant. 
And to realize that this is just the tip of an iceberg that when you compare everything here to South Africa, it just pales, because in South Africa, each year 300,000 mothers with HIV give birth to children. 
So we talk about PMTCT, and we refer to PMTCT, prevention of mother to child transmission. 
So these programs -- and I'm going to refer to PMTCT though my talk -- these prevention programs, simply, they're the tests and the drugs that we give to mothers to prevent them from infecting their babies, and also the medicines we give to mothers to keep them healthy and alive to raise their children. 
Well, back in 2001, when there was just a simple test and a single dose of a drug, a nurse, in the course of her few minutes with a patient, would have to counsel for the HIV test, perform the HIV test, explain the results, dispense a single dose of the drug, Nevirapine, explain how to take it, discuss infant feeding options, reinforce infant feeding, and test the baby -- in minutes. 
I'm a doctor -- I tell people things to do, and I expect them to follow my guidance -- because I'm a doctor; I went to Harvard -- but the reality is, if I tell a patient, "You should have safer sex. 
You go in for a test and you find out that you're pregnant, and you're delighted. 
They go through two to three weeks of rigorous curriculum-based education, training. 
And the third, and maybe the most grand, is to find ways to empower women, enable them to fight the stigma and to live positive and productive lives with HIV. 
And so the father and the mother, together, go through the counseling and the testing. 
She had been asked by one of the clients to go to the home of the client, because the client wanted to tell the mother and her brothers and sisters about her HIV status, and she was afraid to go by herself. 
I've been afraid to tell everybody." 
And then this older sister stood up and said, "I too am living with the virus, and I've been ashamed." 
And so what nurses do is that they ask the mentor mothers to explain how to take the drugs, the side effects. 
The care doesn't stop when the baby's born -- we deal with the ongoing health of the mother and baby, ensuring that they live healthy, successful lives. 
 Female Narrator: There is hope, hope that one day we shall win this fight against HIV and AIDS. 
MB: Simple solutions to complex problems. 
I was very, very fortunate a couple of years later to have met Zackie Achmat, the founder of Treatment Action Campaign, an incredible campaigner and activist. 
A lot of the funding that I have managed to raise has gone directly to Treatment Action Campaign and the incredible work that they do, and are still continuing to do in South Africa. 
In Johannesburg, I had the opportunity to play to a mainly white, middle-class South African audience who ended up in tears because I use film clips that really touch the heart, the whole nature, of this terrible tragedy that is taking place, that people are tending to avoid, because they are fatigued, and they really don't quite know what the solutions are. 
And her baby will receive PMTCT, which will mean that that baby can be born free of the virus. Now that is prevention at the very beginning of life. 
So, I would like to say to you, each one in the audience, if you feel that every mother and every child in the world has the right to have access to good nutrition and good medical care, and you believe that the Millennium Development Goals, specifically five and six, should be absolutely committed to by all governments around the world -- especially in sub-Saharan Africa -- could you please stand up. 
And the good thing about that is you don't have to look at the device all the time; you have your eyes free to see the city. 
Think of a hamster in the pocket. 
What's behind that is a postulation, namely that not humans should get much more technical in the future; rather than that, technology, a bit more human. 
The smallest sound you can perceive moves your eardrum just four atomic diameters. 
He's saying, "Here's your solution. Thanks very much. Next." 
It's a really big problem. 
These days, you can do a similar thing, it just looks a bit cooler. 
It looks a bit like this. 
The trouble with widespread headphone use is it brings three really big health issues. 
The first really big health issue is a word that Murray Schafer coined: "schizophonia." 
It makes you tired and irritable to have to make up all of that data. 
You're having to imagine it. 
If you're going to use headphones, buy the best ones you can afford because quality means you don't have to have it so loud. 
Most of what you see there is an asthma inhaler, but the top is a very small GPS transceiver, which gives you the date and location of an asthma incident, giving you a new awareness of your vulnerability in relation to time and environmental factors. 
But we think of these tools as pointing outward, as windows and I'd just like to invite you to think of them as also turning inward and becoming mirrors. 
Our genes seem to have awesome power over our destinies. 
Your connectome is far more complex than this because your brain contains 100 billion neurons and 10,000 times as many connections. 
That's a lot of information. 
And to find the connectomes of brains more like our own, we need more sophisticated technologies, that are automated, that will speed up the process of finding connectomes. 
They extend long and delicate branches, and in short, they look like trees. 
And you can tell that, really, only the smallest fragments of branches are contained inside this cube. 
And a neuron, well, that's smaller than brain. 
And that's just a mouse brain -- it's a lot smaller than a human brain. 
Because if you look at a brain with your naked eye, you don't really see how complex it is, but when you use a microscope, finally the hidden complexity is revealed. 
How could we even dare to think that we might ever understand this? 
And there's a lot of evidence that neural activity is encoding our thoughts, feelings and perceptions, our mental experiences. 
So one way of trying to test the theory is to look for such chains inside connectomes. 
But it won't be easy, because they're not going to look like this. 
 What a mess -- have you ever tried to wire up a system as complex as this? 
If you believe that I am my connectome, I think you must also accept the idea that death is the destruction of your connectome. 
One of their most cherished dreams is to cheat death by that practice known as cryonics. 
If you pay 100,000 dollars, you can arrange to have your body frozen after death and stored in liquid nitrogen in one of these tanks in an Arizona warehouse, awaiting a future civilization that is advanced to resurrect you. 
I don't know -- I prefer to test their beliefs, scientifically. 
We know that damage to the brain occurs after death and during freezing. 
I've described a quest that begins in the world of the very small, and propels us to the world of the far future. 
And if people feel used, worthless and ashamed, because something horrible has happened to them, then they retreat, and they fall into social isolation, and they do not dare to tell this evil to other people or to their loved ones, because they do not want to burden them. 
And I want to engage myself in the bright future for my children and the children of my children, and I will not marry-off my 13 year-old daughter," -- what happens too often in Afghanistan. 
And you can see the symptoms almost completely go away, and the psycho-social stress has dropped significantly, which is explicable, because you cannot take away the psycho-social stresses, but you can learn how to cope with them. 
No, we decided to do a bit more. 
It made a lot of news in America, and it angered some people also. 
Then AIDS came along and hit Thailand, and we had to stop doing a lot of good things to fight AIDS. 
So I asked them, could they help us in our fight against HIV. 
So they were happy with that. 
So you have the companies also realizing that sick staff don't work, and dead customers don't buy. 
 So, can you imagine New York policemen giving out condoms? 
But I have some to give out afterward. 
Because poor people are business people who lack business skills and access to credit. 
It's not a free gift. 
Otherwise they'll never get out of poverty. 
So, I'd like to spend a few minutes with you folks today imagining what our planet might look like in a thousand years. 
This is a material you all know is Styrofoam, but I like to think of it as toxic white stuff. 
Even worse is when it finds its way into our natural environment -- on the side of the road or next to a river. 
Perhaps even worse is when it finds its way into our oceans, like in the great plastic gyre, where these materials are being mechanically broken into smaller and smaller bits, but they're not really going away. 
This gives us a continuous stream of material that we can put into almost any shape, though today we're making corner blocks. 
You don't need a lot of equipment to set up a production facility. 
So you can have lots of small facilities spread all across the world. 
And because 100 percent of what we put in the tool become the final product, even the parts that aren't digested become part of the structure, we're getting incredible yield rates. 
Trash the system or crash the planet -- it's a tough choice; it isn't much of a choice. 
But I think we should also just check the numbers, take a reality check here. 
So I want you to imagine a world, in 2050, of around nine billion people, all aspiring to Western incomes, Western lifestyles. 
But shouldn't we just check first that the economic system that we have is remotely capable of delivering this kind of improvement? 
It's a bit complex, and I apologize for that. 
Now investment constitutes only about a fifth of the national income in most modern economies, but it plays an absolutely vital role. 
It does this in a couple of ways -- chasing productivity, which drives down prices and encourages us to buy more stuff. 
And even if we don't want them, we need to buy them, because, if we don't buy them, the system crashes. 
But actually that childish misrepresentation stuck with me, because it suddenly became clear to me why we don't do the blindingly obvious things. 
What would economies look like if we took that vision of human nature at their heart and stretched them along these orthogonal dimensions of the human psyche? 
So we can do that here -- we can just put in a little search term. 
Whatever it is, whatever this new economy is, what we need the economy to do, in fact, is to put investment back into the heart of the model, to re-conceive investment. 
But it's also clear that prosperity goes beyond this. 
It's clear that we have a responsibility to help lift them out of poverty. 
It's clear that we have a responsibility to make room for growth where growth really matters in those poorest nations. 
And it's also clear that we will never achieve that unless we're capable of redefining a meaningful sense of prosperity in the richer nations, a prosperity that is more meaningful and less materialistic than the growth-based model. 
CA: But is it mainly politicians who are going to have to get their act together, or is it going to be more just civil society and companies? 
It's actually got a naked skin for most of its body, so it reduces friction with the water. 
Bluefin have two populations: one large, one small. 
We're only just beginning to understand how the physical oceanography and the biological oceanography come together to create a seasonal force that actually causes the upwelling that might make a hot spot a hope spot. 
It's really tough to get up close and personal with a mako shark and try to put a tag on it. 
And then imagine being Bruce Mate's team from OSU, getting up close to a blue whale and fixing a tag on the blue whale that stays, an engineering challenge we've yet to really overcome. 
What is it that they're happy with? 
We go in the tanks with the tuna -- we touch their naked skin -- it's pretty amazing. It feels wonderful. 
And then with a lot of effort, after tagging, putting in the computer, making sure the stalk is sticking out so it senses the environment, we send this fish back into the sea. 
And so what we get then from the pop-up satellite tag is we get away from having to have a human interaction to recapture the tag. 
The center of the Atlantic where the mixing is, I could imagine a policy that lets Canada and America fish, because they manage their fisheries well, they're doing a good job. 
It's a free swimming shark with a satellite tag jumping after salmon, sending home its data. 
Salmon sharks go down to the tropics to pup and come into Monterey. 
They can throw out a target -- it's a carpet shaped like a seal -- and in will come a white shark, a curious critter that will come right up to our 16-ft. boat. 
The tuna team from TOPP has done the unthinkable: three teams tagged 1,700 tunas, bluefin, yellowfin and albacore all at the same time -- carefully rehearsed tagging programs in which we go out, pick up juvenile tunas, put in the tags that actually have the sensors, stick out the tuna They get returned, and when they get returned, here on a NASA numerical ocean you can see bluefin in blue go across their corridor, 
And then there's Scott Shaffer and our shearwaters wearing tuna tags, light-based tags, that now are going to take you from New Zealand to Monterey and back, journeys of 35,000 nautical miles But now with light-based geolocation tags that are very small, we can actually see these journeys. 
A lot of people are excited when sharks actually went under the Golden Gate Bridge. 
And what I'm so happy about with this is that we have already documented that there are many countries in Asia, in the Middle East, in Latin America and East Europe that [are] reducing with this rate. 
Is it so that in Kenya, there are doctors and other specialists who write the death certificate at the death of the child and it's sent to the statistical office? 
But watch out -- they continue the line beyond the last point out into nothing. 
I was actually, on Friday, sitting in front of my computer, and I saw the death rate fall from 128 to 84 just that morning. 
Still here, child death per 1,000 on that axis. 
You can see, with independence, literacy improved and vaccinations started, smallpox was eradicated, hygiene was improved, and things got better. 
This was the backlash in Kenya, and Ghana bypassed, but then Kenya and Ghana go down together -- still a standstill in Congo. 
What a strange personality disorder we must have, counting the children so meticulously in spite of a high child death rate. 
The Nile Delta was a misery for children with diarrheal disease and malaria and a lot of problems. 
They had low child mortality and small families. 
What I want you [to do] now is to see with your own eyes the relation between fall in child mortality and decrease in family size. 
Here we come down with the eradication of smallpox, better education, health service. 
It's very clear that this is what happens. 
Let's be clear about that. 
It profoundly altered my life in ways I didn't expect in all the ways I just shared with you. 
And they also are able to show and to exhibit such a wonderful and complex behavior that can be described just with the term of intelligence. 
It's called the vegetative soul, because they lack movement, and so they don't need to sense. 
But plants are also able to show a lot of movement. 
And this region, it's a very small region -- it's less than one millimeter. 
And in this small region you have the highest consumption of oxygen in the plants and more important, you have these kinds of signals here. 
Now we know that a root apex has just a few hundred cells that show this kind of feature, but we know how big the root apparatus of a small plant, like a plant of rye. 
Now let's imagine that each single root apex is working in network with all the others. 
They are a network of small computing machines, working in networks. 
Let's imagine that we can build robots and robots that are inspired by plants. 
Well, if we're going to speed up the progress and go even faster on the set of Millennium Development Goals that we're set as a world, we need to learn from the innovators, and those innovators come from every single sector. 
So that's why I took a bit of time to study Coke. 
Now Coke has a very clear bottom line -- they report to a set of shareholders, they have to turn a profit. 
I've sat in a lot of those meetings, and by then, it is way too late to use the data. 
They said, "You roll the ball, you hear some pins go down. 
And so they took a bit of time to learn about that. 
And they decided in 1990 that they wanted to start training the local entrepreneurs, giving them small loans. 
And I'm happy to say only one other person in that area got polio. 
And it would only be the second disease ever wiped off the face of the planet. 
I was afraid of a tsunami; what I didn't realize was there was a greater terror in Haiti, and that was building collapse. 
AIDG has worked in Haiti since 2007, providing engineering and business support to small businesses. 
He took his boss aside, and he showed him the materials on confined masonry. 
This is not the germs that medicos were trained to deal with; this is a different definition of health, health that has a great advantage because it's external, it's shared, we can do something about it, as opposed to internal, genetically predetermined or individualized. 
You have to explain what you're doing and how the developmental events of a tadpole are, of course, very observable and they use the same T3-mediated hormones that we do. 
Another quick protocol -- and I'm going to go through these quickly, but just to give you the material sense of what we're doing here -- instead of asking you for urine samples, I'll ask you for a mouse sample. 
Anyone here lucky enough to share, to cohabit with a mouse -- a domestic partnership with mice? 
 There's a lot of people in Manhattan are. 
There's an old cellphone in there -- a good use for old cellphones -- which dials the clinic, we go and pick up the mouse. 
That doesn't do a lot of good. 
So these are small actions that can amount to a significant effect to improve local environmental health. 
Somehow buying a local lettuce, changing a light bulb, driving the speed limit, changing your tires regularly, doesn't seem sufficient in the face of climate crisis. 
You put a bit of black plastic on the side of a building, it'll heat up, and you'll get passive airflow. 
And then I swap it out with the students and actually re-release that carbon black. 
Go down there and buy some of those health food bars, the ones you call bird food, and bring it here and scatter it around. 
And what I like to think of is this is an interface that re-scripts how we interact with natural systems, specifically by changing who has information, where they have it, who can make sense of that information, and what you can do about it. 
Displacement is not the way to deal with environmental issues. 
Being quite disturbed, she called for comfort, and I didn't really know what to tell her, because we have to deal with so much mess in our society. 
And I figured I'd put it on the Internet for all employees under stress to help you better deal with what you're going through on your job. 
In the end, it was one of the top downloads on a whole bunch of music streaming services. 
I look at this photo, and he seems really interested in what's going on with that button, but it doesn't seem like he is really that interested in crossing the street. 
 And it makes me think of this. 
I think, of the people that build all this technology in the network, a lot of them aren't very good at connecting with people. 
And when I feel that way even the smallest act of kindness can make me cry. 
"From 52 to 48 with love" was a project around the time of the last election cycle, where McCain and Obama both, in their speeches after the election, talked about reconciliation, and I was like, "What the hell does that look like?" 
"Dear 48, I promise to listen to you, to fight for you, to respect you always." 
And so I started getting amazing amounts of hate mail, death threats even. 
I just want to say thanks for even considering it." 
And then a few days later I sent her this. 
I was very eager to be useful in the world -- I think we all have that feeling. 
And I think the way that we go through that sometimes can, first of all, disembody a group of people, individuals out there in the world. 
So as I did this, and as I think many of us do this, we kind of buy our distance, we kind of buy our right to go on with our day. 
But basically, microfinance -- if this is new to you as well -- think of that as financial services for the poor. 
Think of all the things you get at your bank and imagine those products and services tailored to the needs of someone living on a few dollars a day. 
So I would hear from goat herders who had used that money that they had received to buy a few more goats. 
They might be able to buy mosquito nets. 
And then that first year, October '05 through '06, Kiva facilitated $500,000 in loans. 
Because as that happens, I think we can feel free to interact in a way that's more open, more just and more creative, to engage with each other and to help each other. 
Imagine how you feel; and then imagine the difference when you might see somebody who has a story of entrepreneurship and hard work who wants to tell you about their business. 
Imagine if you're speaking with somebody who's growing things and making them flourish, somebody who's using their talents to do something productive, somebody who's built their own business from scratch, someone who is surrounded by abundance, not scarcity, who's in fact creating abundance, somebody with full hands with something to offer, not empty hands asking for you to give them something. 
Imagine if you could hear a story you didn't expect of somebody who wakes up every day and works very, very hard to make their life better. 
And as I look forward to what is next, it's been helpful to reflect on the things I've learned so far. 
This continued attention -- this ongoing attention -- is a really big deal to build different kinds of relationships among us. 
And one thing that I've seen is there are a lot of supportive communities that already exist in the world. 
So one is that, of course, as we all might expect, many small businesses in the U.S. and all over the world still need money to grow and to do more of what they want to do or they might need money during a hard month. 
Another thing is, it turns out, those resources don't usually come from the places you might expect -- banks, venture capitalists, other organizations and support structures -- they come from friends and family. 
Some statistics say 85 percent or more of funding for small businesses comes from friends and family. 
And third, so as people are doing this friends and family fundraising process, it's very awkward, people don't know exactly what to ask for, how to ask, what to promise in return, even though they have the best of intentions and want to thank those people that are supporting them. 
So to harness the power of these supportive communities in a new way and to allow entrepreneurs to decide for themselves exactly what that financial exchange should look like, exactly what fits them and the people around them, this week actually, we're quietly doing a launch of Profounder, which is a crowd funding platform for small businesses to raise what they need through investments from their friends and family. 
So in short, it's a do-it-yourself tool for small businesses to raise these funds. 
Right now, Profounder's right at the very beginning, and it's very palpable; it's very clear to me, that it's just a vessel, it's just a tool. 
I don't think we need to be convinced of that. I think we know; in fact, I think we know so much, and it's such a reality that we care so deeply, that in fact, what usually stops us is that we're afraid to try and to mess up, because we care so very much about helping each other and being meaningful in each other's lives. 
And I think we know that love is resilient enough for us to get out there and try. 
If we eat raw food, we cannot release really the energy. 
So this ingenuity of our ancestors, to invent this most marvelous technology. 
Reward: this is a more complex and especially integrative form of our brain with various different elements -- the external states, our internal states, how do we feel, and so on are put together. 
I took the three elements -- stomach, small intestine and colon. 
And between this muscle, they found nervous tissues, a lot of nervous tissues, which penetrate actually the muscle -- penetrate the submucosa, where you have all the elements for the immune system. 
If we could unroll it, get out all the folds and so on, it would have 400 sq. meters of surface. 
If you have an empty stomach, your stomach produces a hormone called ghrelin. 
Now everyone would expect that when the degradation of the oil happens, when the constituents are liberated, they disappear, they go away because they [were] absorbed. 
Now if we could take this language -- and this is a language of structures -- and make it longer-lasting, that it can go through the passage of the intestine, it would generate stronger signals. 
We have a coctivor's opportunity, because we have learned over the last two million years which taste and reward -- quite sophisticated to cook -- to please ourselves, to satisfy ourselves. 
Upon working with the plastic, after about the first eight years, some of my work started to fissure and break down into smaller little bits of plastic. 
It's a bad thing that plastic breaks down into smaller little bits, because it's always still plastic. 
And what we're finding is that a lot of it is in the marine environment. 
And my intention was to go out to the gyre, raise awareness about this issue and begin to pick up the plastic, chip it into little bits and cold mold it into bricks that could potentially be used as building materials in underdeveloped communities. 
I began talking with people who actually had been out to the gyre and were studying the plastic problem in the marine environment and upon doing so, I realized actually that cleaning it up would be a very small drop in the bucket relative to how much is being generated every day around the world, and that actually I needed to back up and look at the bigger picture. 
I wasn't just concerned about plastic that you're trying to imagine out in the middle of the Pacific Ocean -- of which I have learned there are now 11 gyres, potentially, of plastic in five major oceans in the world. 
It's very easy to pick up a stainless-steel bottle or a glass bottle, if you're traveling and you've forgotten to bring your stainless-steel bottle and fill that up with water or filtered water, versus purchasing plastic bottled water. 
 It's lighter than an iPad, it's a bit cheaper. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, the world has gotten smaller. 
I know it's a cliche, but look, look how small, how tiny it has gotten. 
And technology has set us free -- this is free WiFi. 
Now you see me thinking at my kitchen table, and since you're in my kitchen, please meet my wife. 
And then in Kenya, what we did was addressing the issue of ethnicity, which is a poison in a lot of places in Africa. 
I think we all always have the choice in the end not to do the bad thing. 
What we don't look for is value for many, while we are generating value for money. 
Let me tell you a bit about it. 
Psoriasis is very dreadful disease of the skin. 
Sir Francis Bacon once said, "When you wish to achieve results that have not been achieved before, it is an unwise fancy to think that they can be achieved by using methods that have been used before." 
I was also afraid of those 18 minutes. 
So ladies and gentlemen, I'm very happy to announce, this gift of the 21st century to the world from India, Gandhian engineering. 
And there was a bright spot up there. 
When the paper burned, for some reason he turned to me, and he said, "Mashelkar, like this, if you do not diffuse your energies, if you focus your energies, you can achieve anything in the world." 
And I want to tell you about them each separately and then how they interact and why, in the end, there may be some good news. 
To understand power diffusion put this in your mind: computing and communications costs have fallen a thousandfold between 1970 and the beginning of this century. 
But to make it more real, if the price of an automobile had fallen as rapidly as the price of computing power, you could buy a car today for five dollars. 
Now when the price of any technology declines that dramatically, the barriers to entry go down. 
But think of what it does to how we think in traditional terms and concepts. 
You might think of that as the privatization of war. 
Indeed, with the 2008 financial crisis, many people said this was the beginning of the end of American power. 
And president Medvedev of Russia, for example, pronounced in 2008 this was the beginning of the end of United States power. 
And that the Chinese won't catch up or pass the Americans until somewhere in the latter part, after 2050, of this century. 
And the only way you can solve these problems -- and this is where many greatest challenges are coming in this century -- is through cooperation, through working together, which means that soft power becomes more important, that ability to organize networks to deal with these kinds of problems and to be able to get cooperation. 
Another way of putting it is that as we think of power in the 21st century, we want to get away from the idea that power's always zero sum -- my gain is your loss and vice versa. 
So empowering China to deal with its own problems of carbon is good for everybody, and it's not a zero sum, I win, you lose. 
So as we think about power in this century, we want to get away from this view that it's all I win, you lose. 
But unless you learn how to mix hard power with soft power into strategies that I call smart power, you're not going to deal with the new kinds of problems that we're facing. 
of what we need to think about as we think of power in the 21st century. 
So if one looks at the statements that have been made about this, I am impressed that when Hillary Clinton described the foreign policy of the Obama administration, she said that the foreign policy of the Obama administration was going to be smart power, as she put it, "using all the tools in our foreign policy tool box." 
And if we're going to deal with these two great power shifts that I've described, the power shift represented by transition among states, the power shift represented by diffusion of power away from all states, we're going to have to develop a new narrative of power in which we combine hard and soft power into strategies of smart power. 
The association is very easy: buy green, don't buy red, think twice about yellow. 
Forget nuclear holocaust; it's the fork that we have to worry about. 
And so I think it's time we change what we expect from our food. 
There's been a lot of movement recently in greening our food systems. 
We have eco-friendly shrimp. 
But we can never have any eco-friendly all-you-can-eat shrimp buffet. 
One of the other things we did was begin to diversify the species that we served -- small silverfish, anchovies, mackerel, sardines were uncommon. 
Invite your friends and neighbors over and repeat once a year, maybe. 
I expect a lot from food. 
I expect health and joy and family and community. 
I expect that producing ingredients, preparing dishes and eating meals is all part of the communion of human interests. 
I was lucky enough that my father was a fantastic cook. 
They were reasonable portions of protein served with copious quantities of vegetables and small amounts of starch, usually rice. 
I get sick when I go to steakhouses. 
We need to savor smaller portions of seafood. 
Here is a pest, devastating pest, a spider mite, because it does a lot of webbing like a spider. 
This is a predatory mite -- just as small as a spider mite, by the way, one millimeter, two millimeters long, not more than that, running quickly, hunting, chasing the spider mites. 
And they are very happy with that, apparently. 
This is a sweet pepper which is not consumable because it is suffering from a viral disease transmitted by those thrip adults. 
And here comes the natural enemy, minute pirate bug, "minute" because it is rather small. 
And if you zoom in, you can definitely watch this, grandparents with their grandchildren, distributing the natural enemies, the good bugs, instead of wearing special clothes and gas masks and applying chemicals. 
Public demand -- the more the public demands the reduction of chemicals, the more growers become aware of the fact they should, wherever they can and wherever possible, replace the chemical control Even here, there is another grower, you see, very interested in the bugs, the bad ones and the good ones, wearing this magnifier already on her head, just walking safely in her crop. 
Secondly, to create even more intensive and strict public demand to reduction of chemicals in the agricultural fresh produce. 
And thirdly, also to increase awareness by the growers to the potential of this industry. 
This is a bit like ambition and drive -- I'm going to do that. I'm going to work hard. 
Now, to try and explain this in sort of real terms, I want to talk about a kind of task that might fall to you in so many games. 
We notice, looking at all these people opening boxes, that when people get to about 13 out of 15 pies, their perception shifts, they start to get a bit bored, a bit testy. 
Well, I've come up with seven things that, I think, show how you can take these lessons from games and use them outside of games. 
We just want to go back and find out more. 
And something very exciting is just beginning to happen in places like the University of Bristol in the U.K., where we are beginning to be able to model mathematically dopamine levels in the brain. 
This can all seem very sinister. 
And in this video game, there were two really big dragons, and you had to team up to kill them -- 42 people, up to 42 to kill these big dragons. 
I mean, we're beginning to see some of the big problems around something like business are recycling and energy conservation. 
We're beginning to see the emergence of wonderful technologies like real-time energy meters. 
We can break things down into highly calibrated small tasks. 
And we can use the kind of group behaviors that we see evolving when people are at play together, these really quite unprecedentedly complex cooperative mechanisms. 
And in the end, it's this word, "engagement," that I want to leave you with. 
So we have to trust a lot of people. 
We have to trust a lot of procedures. 
So imagine hundreds of millions of voters casting hundreds of millions of votes, all to be counted correctly and all the things that can possibly go wrong causing all these bad headlines, and you cannot help but feel exhausted at the idea of trying to make elections better. 
Voters should be able to check that their votes are counted correctly, without breaking election secrecy, which is so very important. 
And that's the tough part. 
Well, the way we've come up with uses computers but doesn't depend on them. 
And after the close of the election, you can check that your vote was counted by comparing your receipt to the vote on the website. 
And remember, the vote is encrypted from the moment you leave the voting booth, so if an election official wants to find out how you voted, they will not be able to. 
If the government wants to find out how you voted, they won't be able to. 
Votes can't go missing because then you won't find yours when you look for it. 
They can check that all the votes were counted correctly. 
They can check that the announced result of the election is the correct one. 
Then after every episode, I had to go up to the bathtub and swim around the bathtub and look at the drain, because that's all there was to look at. 
That's the vessel that we took up there for these studies, early on, and that's what the Islands look like -- you can see in the background. 
And they've been uninhabited for most of time because even in the ancient days, these islands were too far away from the bright lights of Fiji and Hawaii and Tahiti for those ancient Polynesian mariners that were traversing the Pacific so widely. 
And sharks -- we had sharks on our early dives, up to 150 sharks at once, which is an indication of a very, very healthy, very strong, system. 
So I started contacting them -- because they had actually given me a permit to do this -- and I said, "I want to come up and tell you what we found." 
But if you come, you have to buy lunch for everybody who comes to the seminar." 
So I said, "Okay, I'm happy to buy lunch. 
And are you free for dinner?" 
And I was free for dinner, and I went out to dinner with the Minister of Fisheries in Kiribati. 
And, you know, it didn't seem like a very good deal to me. 
He stopped, and he said, "Yes, we would like to do that to deal with our overfishing problem, and I think we would call it a reverse fishing license." 
I don't want to do something like this if it's going to go away after I'm voted out of office." 
So we had very strong leadership, very good vision and a lot of science, a lot of lawyers involved. 
It's almost like if a person has multiple diseases, it's hard to get well, you might die, but if you only have one disease to deal with, you can get better. 
It's the only threat, the only influence that the reef had to deal with. 
And I'll show you in a moment how we can achieve the necessary precision. 
And since I'm realistic, rather than grandiose, I don't claim that the ability to control the function of the nervous system will at once unravel all its mysteries. 
And second, just as in a radio broadcast, you can communicate with many receivers at once. 
Because the light-activated pore is encoded in DNA, we can achieve incredible precision. 
You can think of this nagging inner voice as sort of the brain's equivalent of the Catholic Church, if you're an Austrian like me, or the super-ego, if you're Freudian, or your mother, if you're Jewish. 
So we set out to identify the cells in the fly's brain that played the role of the Critic. 
In a situation like this, we would expect the Critic to speak up and to tell the Actor to change its policy. 
 ♫ When I wake up ♫ ♫ in the morning ♫ ♫ I pour the coffee ♫ ♫ I read the paper ♫ ♫ And then I slowly ♫ ♫ and so softly ♫ ♫ do the dishes ♫ ♫ So feed the fishes ♫ ♫ You sing me happy birthday ♫ ♫ Like it's gonna be ♫ ♫ your last day ♫ ♫ here on Earth ♫  All right. 
And so this is basically a song about loops, but not the kind of loops that I make up here. 
 I'm not going to hurt you. Don't worry. 
 It's impossible, of course, for your eyes to see themselves, but they seem to be trying. 
It's kind of cool. Songwriters can sort of get away with murder. 
♫ I can see ♫ ♫ weather systems ♫ ♫ of the world ♫ ♫ Weather systems ♫ ♫ Some things you say ♫ ♫ are not for sale ♫ ♫ I would hold it where ♫ ♫ our free agents of some substance are ♫ ♫ scared ♫ ♫ Hold still a while ♫ ♫ Don't spill the wine ♫ ♫ I can see it all from here ♫ ♫ I can see ♫ 
It's the hollowing out of small towns. 
It's home to only 2,000 people, and like a lot of other small towns it has been hollowed out over the years. 
And I should say that these are three things that we've done in Bertie County, but I feel pretty confident that they could work in a lot of other rural communities around the U.S. and maybe even beyond. 
So we wanted to change the way that students approach technology, to create a more convivial and social space that was more engaging, more accessible, and also to increase the ability for teachers to use these spaces for technology-based instruction. 
Some of the classes and teachers have reported higher test scores, a greater comfort level with the material, especially with the boys, that in going outside and playing, they aren't afraid to take on a double-digit multiplication problem -- and also that the teachers are able to use these as assessment tools to better gauge how their students are understanding new material. 
So the first batch of computers are being installed later this summer, and we're helping Dr. Zullinger develop some strategies around how we might connect the classroom and the home to extend learning beyond the school day. 
And in recent decades, a lot of the funding for shop class has gone away entirely. 
And during that time, they're doing everything from going out and doing ethnographic research and doing the need-finding, coming back into the studio, doing the brainstorming and design visualization to come up with concepts that might work, and then moving into the shop and actually testing them, building them, prototyping them, figuring out if they are going to work and refining that. 
And going out into the community and interviewing your neighbors about what kind of food they buy and from where and why -- that's a homework assignment. 
So we recognize that Studio H, especially in its first year, is a small story -- 13 students, it's two teachers, it's one project in one place. 
And I really, strongly believe in the power of the small story, because it is so difficult to do humanitarian work at a global scale. 
So while this is a very small story, we hope that it represents a step in the right direction for the future of rural communities and for the future of public education and hopefully also for the future of design. 
This is a decrease by two-thirds. 
Crucially, for the long-term success of the peace process in Northern Ireland, he imposed very clear conditions for the participation and negotiations. 
The core institutions that were put in place in 1998 and their modifications in 2006 and 2008 were highly innovative and allowed all conflict parties to see their core concerns and demands addressed. 
The agreement combines a power-sharing arrangement in Northern Ireland with cross-border institutions that link Belfast and Dublin and thus recognizes the so-called Irish dimension of the conflict. 
And significantly, there's also a clear focus on both the rights of individuals and the rights of communities. 
Perhaps most importantly, local leaders repeatedly rose to the challenge of compromise, not always fast and not always enthusiastically, but rise in the end they did. 
Focusing on leadership, diplomacy and institutional design also helps explain failures to achieve peace, or to make it last. 
The hopes that were vested in the Oslo Accords did not lead to an end of the Israeli/Palestinian conflict. 
Rather, local leaders committed to revisiting them later on. 
The failure to achieve a negotiated solution for Kosovo and the violence, tension and de facto partition that resulted from it have their reasons in many, many different factors. 
First, the intransigence of local leaders to settle for nothing less than their maximum demands. 
And third, a lack of imagination when it came to designing institutions of Serbs and Albanians alike. 
By the same token -- and here we have some good news again -- well-resourced international presence in Kosovo and the Balkans region more generally and the fact that local leaders on both sides have showed relative restraint, explains why things have not been worse over the past two years since 2008. 
Yet, no amount of diplomacy or institutional design can make up for local failures and the consequences that they have. 
You'll see a lot of people in my photographs today, and I've become very close with them, and they've welcomed me like family. 
If the boundaries of this treaty had held -- then this is what the U.S. would look like today. 
1866: the beginning of the transcontinental railroad -- a new era. 
He was later killed while in custody. 
They were tired of treaties. 
They were tired of sacred hills. 
They were tired of ghost dances. 
And they were tired of all the inconveniences of the Sioux. 
A long time ago, by a people who look like me, by wasichu, eager to take the land and the water and the gold in the hills. 
The "fix," as it's called, may be much more difficult for the dominant society than, say, a $50 check or a church trip to paint some graffiti-covered houses, or a suburban family donating a box of clothes they don't even want anymore. 
We buy it for our kids. 
You expect that the supply chain that gets it to the hospital, probably squeaky clean. 
You can take any one of the major global challenges we've discussed this week and ask yourself, where is the leadership from governments to step up and come up with solutions, responses, to those international problems? 
So, if we're going to ensure the delivery of the key public goods at an international level -- in this case, in the global supply chain -- we have to come up with a different mechanism. 
I don't know how to prevent that, but I'm at least going to use my good offices to get you folks together to come up with a response." 
So they formed a White House task force, and they spent about three years arguing about who takes how much responsibility in the global supply chain. 
You need a place where people can come together, sit down without fear of judgment, without recrimination, to actually face the problem, agree on the problem and come up with solutions. 
The problem is the lack of trust, the lack of confidence, the lack of partnership between NGOs, campaign groups, civil society organizations and multinational companies. 
Can I buy that product without compromising my ethics? 
What they lack is that safe space to come together, agree and move to action. 
Poor people, people whose human rights have been violated -- the crux of that is the loss of dignity, the lack of dignity. 
Please ask them to treat us like human beings." 
We can all make a decision to come together and pick up the balls and run with the balls that governments have dropped. 
when you're faced with a complex problem? 
So, I hope to convince you that complex doesn't always equal complicated. 
First is the simple power of good visualization tools to help untangle complexity and just encourage you to ask questions you didn't think of before. 
So let's switch gears and look at a really complex problem courtesy of the U.S. government. 
And the stated goal was to increase popular support for the Afghan government. 
Clearly a complex problem, but is it complicated? 
Within that sphere, most of those nodes are not actionable, like the harshness of the terrain, and a very small minority are actual military actions. 
Governments realize that it's a big deal for our economies, but don't know how to fix it. 
So to explain that, let me first talk a bit about what math looks like in the real world and what it looks like in education. 
Lots of things that seem simple and not difficult like in the real world, except if you're learning it. 
But now you can find out all about -- unfortunately, my weight is a little higher than that, but -- all about what happens. 
So let's zoom out a bit and ask, why are we teaching people math? 
What is it that we want to ask? What is it we're trying to find out here? 
We've had the biggest transformation of any ancient subject that I could ever imagine with computers. 
See, I think of calculating, in a sense, as the machinery of math. 
Computers allow us to do that -- and this is not a small problem by any means. 
I still do a lot of that, mainly for estimating. 
And then there are certain conceptual things that can also benefit from hand calculating, but I think they're relatively small in number. 
And think of the outside world. 
So if you go through lots of examples, you can get the answer, you can understand how the basics of the system work better. 
Programming is how most procedures and processes get written down these days, and it's also a great way to engage students much more and to check they really understand. 
If you really want to check you understand math then write a program to do it. 
I can't think of any other subject where that's recently been possible. 
We were talking about what happens when you increase the number of sides of a polygon to a very large number. 
You can see that this is a very early step into limits and differential calculus and what happens when you take things to an extreme -- and very small sides and a very large number of sides. 
In the end, if we test everyone by hand in exams, it's kind of hard to get the curricula changed to a point where they can use computers during the semesters. 
And you know if you walk across a chasm, you end up making it worse than if you didn't start at all -- No, what I'm suggesting is that we should leap off, we should increase our velocity so it's high, and we should leap off one side and go the other -- of course, having calculated our differential equation very carefully. 
Calculating machines are everywhere and will be completely everywhere in a small number of years. 
Let's go for it, and while we're about it, let's have a bit of fun, for us, for the students and for TED here. 
Of course, a lot of people think they already know the proper answer to the question, "What is beauty?" 
How can we explain this universality? 
We need to reverse-engineer our present artistic tastes and preferences and explain how they came to be engraved in our minds by the actions of both our prehistoric, largely pleistocene environments, where we became fully human, but also by the social situations in which we evolved. 
Beauty is an adaptive effect, which we extend and intensify in the creation and enjoyment As many of you will know, evolution operates by two main primary mechanisms. 
Natural selection also explains pleasures -- sexual pleasure, our liking for sweet, fat and proteins, which in turn explains a lot of popular foods, from ripe fruits through chocolate malts and barbecued ribs. 
Beauty is nature's way of acting at a distance, I mean, you can't expect to eat an adaptively beneficial landscape. 
The ideal savanna landscape is one of the clearest examples where human beings everywhere find beauty in similar visual experience. 
Chauvet caves are about 32,000 years old, along with a few small, realistic sculptures of women and animals from the same period. 
But artistic and decorative skills are actually much older than that. 
Beautiful shell necklaces that look like something you'd see at an arts and crafts fair, as well as ochre body paint, have been found from around 100,000 years ago. 
But the most intriguing prehistoric artifacts are older even than this. 
You know, it's an old line, but it has been shown to work -- "Why don't you come up to my cave, so I can show you my hand axes?" 
And I told him, "Let's find a way in which I'll be able to take out 10 kids once a week to ride with in the summer in the country." 
And in the next few weeks, I had the tremendous pleasure of introducing these kids to the world of total freedom, a world consisting of magnificent vistas like these -- everything you see here is obviously in Israel -- as well as close encounters with all sorts of small creatures coming in all sorts of sizes, colors, shapes, forms and so on. 
In spite of all this splendor, the beginning was extremely frustrating. 
Every small obstacle, every slight uphill, would cause these fellows to stop in their tracks and give up. 
So we had a lot of this going on. 
I'm used to algorithms and data structures and super motivated students, and nothing in my background prepared me to deal with a raging, violent adolescent in the middle of nowhere. 
And at some point I found out, when a kid like this gets into a fit, the best thing that you can possibly do is stay as close as possible to this kid, which is difficult, because what you really want to do is go away. 
"Go away you maniac-psychopath. 
All you have to do is play with it, change it a little bit, and come up with something that does help, that does work. 
You stand with your bike at the beginning of February. 
And yet, two hours later you find yourself standing on the roof of this monastery, smeared with mud, blood and sweat. 
And you look down at Yokneam; everything is so small and tiny. 
And he says -- because I also have volunteers riding with me, adults, who are sitting there listening to him -- and he says, "And this was just the beginning of our ordeal until we ended up in Israel. 
And only now," he says, "I'm beginning to understand where I am, and I actually like it." 
And we go through numerous remnants of Jewish settlements, Nabatic settlements, Canaanite settlements -- three-, four, five-thousand years old. And through this tapestry, which is the history of this country, the kids acquire what is probably the most important value in education, and that is the understanding that life is complex, and there's no black and white. 
I grew up in a very small village in Canada, and I'm an undiagnosed dyslexic. 
I know it doesn't look like a school, but it is something we decided to do, and it is extremely, extremely green. 
And for me it's just the idea that, if this little girl graduates as a whole person, chances are she'll demand a whole world -- a whole world -- to live on. 
 We've done a lot of outrageous things in our lives, and we said, okay, local, what does "local" mean? 
Local means that 20 percent of the population of the school has to be Balinese, and this was a really big commitment. 
It grows as high as a coconut tree in two months and three years later it can be harvested to build buildings like this. 
 We squashed it, we rethought it, but mainly we renamed it "the heart of school," and that changed everything forever. 
And if you're interested in being involved in finishing Green School and building the next 50 around the world, please come and see us. 
So what we have learned from social scientists and economists like Elinor Ostrom, who are studying the phenomenon of management of the commons on a local scale, is that there are certain prerequisites that you can put into place that enable you to manage and access open space for the good of one and all. 
Today, we're just going to voyage to a small sampling of some of these special areas, just to give you an idea of the flavor of the riches and wonders they do contain. 
Thus, the government of Bermuda has recognized the need and its responsibility as having some of the Sargasso Sea within its national jurisdiction -- but the vast majority is beyond -- to help spearhead a movement to achieve protection for this vital area. 
But unfortunately, CCAMLR, the regional commission in charge of conserving and managing fish stocks and other living marine resources, is unfortunately starting to give in to fishing interests and has authorized the expansion of toothfish fisheries in the region. 
Many species are headed through this region, which is why there's been so much attention put into conservation of the Eastern Tropical Pacific Seascape. 
But what we also know is that species like these sea turtles do not stay put in the Eastern Tropical Pacific Seascape. 
These happen to go down to a vast South Pacific Gyre, where they spend most of their time and often end up getting hooked like this, or as bycatch. 
Many already have transponders on board that allow us to find out where they are and even what they're doing. 
In fact, high school athletes are three times more likely to sustain catastrophic injuries relative even to their college-age peers, and it takes them longer to return to a symptom-free baseline. 
After that first injury, their risk for second injury is exponentially greater. 
In a nutshell, this research suggests that among retired NFL players with three or more career concussions, the incidents of early-onset dementing disease is much greater than it is for the general population. 
Let me tell you what I've come up with. 
Maybe offer to spearhead a fundraiser to buy new gear -- which brings us to suit up. 
I can't say no, but I can guarantee that every time he leaves the house that kid's wearing a helmet -- like to the car, or at school. 
I thought it was just like the movies, but the movies had not conveyed them in the powerful image that I was seeing full of bright red and orange and gray, and a full circle of explosion. 
This is not a story of a nameless survivor of war, and nameless refugees, whose stereotypical images we see in our newspapers and our TV with tattered clothes, dirty face, scared eyes. 
I grew up with the colors of war -- the red colors of fire and blood, the brown tones of earth as it explodes in our faces and the piercing silver of an exploded missile, so bright that nothing can protect your eyes from it. 
It is very scary to go through that feeling of "I am about to die" or "I could die in this explosion." 
These just become numbers that we refer to. 
The doctors who are not fighting, the artists, the students, the men who refuse to pick up the guns, they are, too, excluded from the negotiating tables. 
I worry that my children have hate in their hearts, and when they want to grow up, they want to fight again the killers of their father and their brother." 
Think of how the world can be a much better place if, for a change, we have a better equality, we have equality, we have a representation and we understand war, both from the front-line and the back-line discussion. 
So I'm going to talk about work; specifically, why people can't seem to get work done at work, which is a problem we all kind of have. 
And they expect these people who work for them to do great work -- I would hope, at least. 
So a company, or a charity, or an organization of any kind, unless you're working in Africa, if you're really lucky to do that -- most people have to go to an office every day. 
They go out and they buy a building, or they rent a building, or they lease some space, and they fill this space with stuff. 
They fill it with tables, or desks, chairs, computer equipment, software, Internet access, maybe a fridge, maybe a few other things, and they expect their employees, or their volunteers, to come to that location every day to do great work. 
You'll find out that people don't say what businesses think they would say. 
And what you find out is, if you dig a little bit deeper, you find out that people -- this is what happens: People go to work, and they're basically trading in their work day for a series of "work moments" -- that's what happens at the office. 
There are five of them, and in order to get to the really deep ones, the meaningful ones, you have to go through the early ones. 
If you're interrupted while you're going through the early ones -- if someone bumps you in bed, or there's a sound, or whatever happens -- you don't just pick up where you left off. 
You've got to go through phases and stuff, and if you're interrupted, you don't sleep well. 
That doesn't really seem like it makes a lot of sense, to me. 
You decide when you want to be distracted by the TV, when you want to turn something on, or when you want to go downstairs or go for a walk. 
So let's go through a couple of those. 
You find a lot of other distractions, but not managers and meetings. 
We have lots of managers in the world now, and a lot of people in the world, and a lot of interruptions by these managers. 
They have to check in: "Hey, how's it going? 
But what's even worse is the thing that managers do most of all, which is call meetings. 
So one meeting tends to lead to another meeting, which leads to another meeting. 
Companies often think of a one-hour meeting as a one-hour meeting, but that's not true, unless there's only one person. 
So you'll be going up, doing some work, and then you'll come down from that work, and then maybe it's time to check that email or I.M. 
And you'll find out that everything will be just fine. 
You'll find out all these things you thought you had to do, you don't actually have to do. 
I hope that some of these ideas were at least provocative enough for managers and bosses and business owners and organizers and people who are in charge of other people, to think about laying off a little bit, and giving people more time to get work done. 
I think it'll all pay off in the end. 
So, thanks for listening. 
And then if you're smart enough, it goes on a basket on top of the washer. 
It doesn't look like a can of beer, but the design take-offs are absolutely unmistakable. 
But I get a lot of toilets, and so you just dispatch a toilet with a hammer, and then you have lumpy tiles. 
We're getting tired of it. It's kind of cliched now. 
What you're doing is sizing up the pattern of structural features here, and then you go through your databanks -- brrrr, cell phone. 
However, if we took a small hammer, and we added cracks to all the other windows, then we have a pattern. 
That causes a lot of waste in the building industry. 
So the way the Apollonian personality takes a picture, or hangs a picture, is they'll get out a transit and a laser level and a micrometer. 
If you buy a two-by-four and it's not straight, you can take it back. 
And he was out there with his tape measure going through the trash heap, looking for header material, which is the board that goes over a door, thinking he'd impress his boss -- that's how we taught him to do it. 
He said, "No, no. I'm not paying you to go through the trash. Get back to work." 
It's a self-fulfilling prophecy. We can't get out of it. 
We buy stuff we didn't know we needed. 
I feel that expectation, and so I accommodate it, and I'm living my life according to what you expect me to do. 
Sure enough, we all buy into that, and with gated communities, we have a formalized expectation with a homeowners association. 
It seems to me like corporations are always trying to get kids, like me, to get their parents to buy stuff that really isn't good for us or the planet. 
 Now, if you think about that story for a moment, I think it resembles a lot of the difficult negotiations They start off like 17 camels, no way to resolve it. 
Somehow, what we need to do is step back from those situations, like that wise old woman, look at the situation through fresh eyes and come up with an 18th camel. 
I basically see humanity a bit like those three brothers. 
We know that scientifically, thanks to the communications revolution, all the tribes on the planet -- all 15,000 tribes -- are in touch with each other. 
There's a lot of conflict, and the question is: How do we deal with our differences? 
How do we deal with our deepest differences, given the human propensity for conflict and the human genius at devising weapons of enormous destruction? 
Because if you think about it, normally when we think of conflict, when we describe it, there's always two sides -- it's Arabs versus Israelis, labor versus management, husband versus wife, Republicans versus Democrats. 
Some years ago, I was involved as a facilitator in some very tough talks between the leaders of Russia and the leaders of Chechnya. 
That's what you discover as you go into these villages in the Middle East where you expect hostility, and you get the most amazing hospitality, all associated with Abraham: "In the name of Father Ibrahim, let me offer you some food." 
What would the oak tree look like? 
Why not, thanks to a common identity, which is the story of Abraham, and thanks to a common economy that would be based, in good part, on tourism? 
So let me invite you to consider taking the third side, even as a very small step. 
Just go up to someone who's from a different culture, a different country, a different ethnicity -- some difference -- and engage them in a conversation. Listen to them. 
But the small animals that eat insects are being eaten by larger animals, still larger animals. 
There's quite a lot of people that are eating insects. 
And here you see me in a small, provincial town in China, Lijiang -- about two million inhabitants. 
That's quite a bit more than just a few mammals that we're eating, like a cow or a pig or a sheep. 
In a lot of food items that we have -- I have only two items here on the slide -- pink cookies or surimi sticks or, if you like, Campari -- a lot of our food products that are of a red color are dyed with a natural dye. 
And if you look at the figures up there, it says that we have a third more mouths to feed, but we need an agricultural production increase of 70 percent. 
And meat, in fact, is something that costs a lot of our agricultural production. 
In the developed world it's on average 80 kilograms per person per year, which goes up to 120 in the United States and a bit lower in some other countries, but on average 80 kilograms per person per year. 
So if a third of the world population is going to increase its meat consumption from 25 to 80 on average, and a third of the world population is living in China and in India, we're having an enormous demand on meat. 
You get a new disease that can be deadly. 
If we take 10 kilograms of food --  and it results in one kilogram of beef, the other nine kilograms are waste, and a lot of that is manure. 
We can increase it a bit at the expense of rainforests, but there's a limitation very soon. 
And if you remember that we need to increase agricultural production by 70 percent, we're not going to make it that way. 
I predict that later this year, you'll get them in the supermarkets -- not visible, but as animal protein in the food. 
And maybe by 2020, you'll buy them just knowing that this is an insect that you're going to eat. 
  So there's even a lot of design to it. 
I started working in the industry, but I wasn't really happy to contribute to a material consumer society in a linear, extracting and manufacturing mode. 
Actually, there was an appeal worldwide for new detectors sustainable in the environments where they're needed to produce, which is mainly in the developing world. 
Once the animal knows this, we make the task a bit more difficult. 
But with this small investment in a rat capacity, we have demonstrated in Mozambique that we can reduce the cost-price per square meter up to 60 percent of what is currently normal -- two dollars per square meter, we do it at $1.18, and we can still bring that price down. 
They have signed the pact for peace and treaty in the Great Lakes region, and they endorse hero rats to clear their common borders of landmines. 
You put these 10 samples at once in the cage. 
Can you imagine the potential offspring applications -- environmental detection of pollutants in soils, customs applications, detection of illicit goods in containers and so on. 
And by just presenting the samples once more to the rats and looping those results back, we were able to increase case detection rates by over 30 percent. 
And there are simple things like, for instance, we have a small laser in the sniffer hole where the animal has to stick for five seconds. 
To conclude, I would actually like to say, you may think this is about rats, these projects, but in the end it is about people. 
Okay, it's a small kitchen. It's about five square meters. 
We generate quite a lot of waste. 
Three compost bins -- go through about 70 kilos of raw vegetable waste a week -- really good, makes fantastic compost. 
And actually one of the wormeries was a big wormery. I had a lot of worms in it. 
I have no idea how it works, but I paid a lot of money for it. 
Well let it suffice to say that we felt a bit overwhelmed with testosterone. 
 So we decided, a bit fed-up with this world and also with the strong feeling in our stomach that this wasn't sustainable, to found a financial services firm and we decided to incorporate feminine values into the world of finance. 
I've later come to know that to be the collective socialization of men, better known as the "man box." 
Kendall's 15 months older than Jay. 
Now Kendall on the other hand -- and like I said, he's only 15 months older than her -- he'd come to me crying, it's like as soon as I would hear him cry, a clock would go off. 
And this guy, he was up to a lot of no good. 
And he did spend a lot of time up to no good. 
So now I'm no longer trying to figure out what I'm going to do; I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to get out of this room. 
The center for disease control says that men's violence against women is at epidemic proportions, is the number one health concern for women in this country and abroad. 
You either go up, or you come down." 
It's like a death of a relative, or a cyclone, or a hurricane, or an earthquake. 
Because all of my best school friends were getting dolled up to get married with a lot of dowry, and here I was with a tennis racket and going to school and doing all kinds of extracurricular activities. 
I joined the Indian Police Service as a tough woman, a woman with indefatigable stamina, because I used to run for my tennis titles, etc. 
This is about tough policing, equal policing. 
So I was sent to all indiscriminate postings, postings which others would say no. 
And then how did I deal with them? 
That's a big way we, as a small group of activists, have drafted an ombudsman bill for the government of India. 
Not a lot of women did. 
So the global economy is becoming a place where women are more successful than men, believe it or not, and these economic changes are starting to rapidly affect our culture -- what our romantic comedies look like, what our marriages look like, what our dating lives look like, and our new set of superheroes. 
And in places where you wouldn't think, such as South Korea, India and China, the very strict patriarchal societies are starting to break down a little, and families are no longer strongly preferring first-born sons. 
And I remembered back to about 10 years ago when I read a book by Susan Faludi called "Stiffed: The Betrayal of the American Man," in which she described how hard the recession had hit men, and I started to think about whether it had gotten worse this time around in this recession. 
They were basically asked by one of their clients who was going to buy houses in that neighborhood in the future. 
It means that the economy is dividing into high-skill, high-wage jobs and low-skill, low-wage jobs -- and that the middle, the middle-skill jobs, and the middle-earning jobs, are starting to drop out of the economy. 
You'll watch them both drop out of the middle class, but see what happens to women and see what happens to men. 
So watch that. You see them both drop out of the middle class. 
If you look at management theory these days, it used to be that our ideal leader sounded something like General Patton, right? 
But that's not what an ideal leader is like now. 
Women enter the workplace at the top, and then at the working class, all the new jobs that are created are the kinds of jobs that wives used to do for free at home. 
They're used to thinking of themselves as providers, and they can't seem to build the social networks that allow them to get through college. 
Now the boy crisis is this idea that very young boys, for whatever reason, are doing worse in school than very young girls, and people have theories about that. 
And I think the reason it has a sting is because thousands of years of history don't reverse themselves without a lot of pain, and that's why I talk about us all going through this together. 
In China, a lot of the opening up of private entrepreneurship is happening because women are starting businesses, small businesses, faster than men. 
And they come up in lots of different forms. 
Then we have our Bud Light guy who's the happy couch potato. 
And we have a lot of skill and experience, but it's a trick, so how are you supposed to prepare to get through that glass ceiling? 
So the image that I like to think of, instead of glass ceiling, is the high bridge. 
This was different than either generation had experienced before, and it changed the way I interacted with information even at just a small level. 
Right about the time that the Internet gets going as an educational tool, I take off from Wisconsin and move to Kansas, small town Kansas, where I had an opportunity to teach in a lovely, small-town, rural Kansas school district, where I was teaching my favorite subject, American government. 
And I put in front of them an authentic experience that allowed them to learn for themselves. 
The older teachers -- more experienced -- looked at me and went, "Oh, there she is. That's so cute. She's trying to get that done." 
The problem then becomes how do you take seventh- and eighth-graders to a talk about genocide and deal with the subject in a way that is responsible and respectful, and they know what to do with it. 
We deal right now in the educational landscape with an infatuation with the culture of one right answer that can be properly bubbled on the average multiple choice test, and I am here to share with you: it is not learning. 
I asked them to take the examples that we were seeing of the info-graphics that existed in a lot of mass media, and take a look at what were the interesting components of it, and produce one for themselves of a different man-made disaster from American history. 
There are a million pictures that I could click through here, and had to choose carefully -- this is one of my favorites -- of students learning, of what learning can look like in a landscape where we let go of the idea that kids have to come to school to get the information, but instead, ask them what they can do with it. 
It also changed our lives in many unexpected ways, and those unexpected ways we later reflected on, that eventually spawned a business idea between the two of us, and a year later, we launched Babble, a website for parents. 
Rufus Griscom: Now I think of our story as starting a few years earlier. AV: That's true. 
It was in theory, and hopefully in practice, a smart online magazine about sex and culture. 
 We subscribed to a lot of magazines, did our homework, but really everywhere you look around, we were surrounded by images like this. 
And we went into parenting expecting our lives to look like this. 
I mean, I had to check the tags and make sure. 
The reason you're not allowed to chart love is because we think of love as a binary thing. 
But I think a lot of men do go through this sense in the early months, maybe their first year, that their emotional response is inadequate in some fashion. 
I did expect it to be difficult, have sleepless nights, constant feedings, but I did not expect the feelings of isolation and loneliness that I experienced, and I was really surprised that no one had talked to me, that I was going to be feeling this way. 
In the process of preparing this, we looked at how some other cultures around the world deal with this period of time, because here in the Western world, less than 50 percent of us live near our family members, which I think is part of why this is such a tough period. 
So to take one example among many: in Southern India there's a practice known as jholabhari, in which the pregnant woman, when she's seven or eight months pregnant, moves in with her mother and goes through a series of rituals and ceremonies, give birth and returns home to her nuclear family several months after the child is born. 
We thought we actually could go through this again and thought we knew what we would be up against. 
And I realize, I think, the way I was feeling that way, is on a really deep gut level, I was feeling a lot of shame and embarrassed, frankly, that, in some respects, I had failed at delivering what I'm genetically engineered to do. 
There's not really a lot of community support around it. 
And I think, with a death, you have a funeral, you celebrate the life, and there's a lot of community support, and it's something women don't have with miscarriage. 
But you realize you resubmit yourself to losing control in a really wonderful way, which we think provides a lot of meaning to our lives and is quite gratifying. 
Get out of the airplane, it turns out you're trekking in Nepal. 
I'm going to explain what it is and try and convince you -- in just 15 minutes -- that this isn't a flimsy idea, or a short-term trend, but a powerful cultural and economic force reinventing not just what we consume, but how we consume. 
Hands up -- how many of you have books, CDs, DVDs, or videos lying around your house that you probably won't use again, but you can't quite bring yourself to throw away? 
Over the next minute, you're going to see a bit like a conceptual fireworks display of all the dots that went on in my head. 
The first thing I began to notice: how many big concepts were emerging -- from the wisdom of crowds to smart mobs -- around how ridiculously easy it is to form groups for a purpose. 
We now live in a connected age where we can locate anyone, anytime, in real-time, from a small device in our hands. 
So all of this is a lot of twittering, right? 
Well it was a lot of noise and complexity in my head, until actually I realized it was happening because of four key drivers. 
And although they vary enormously in scale, maturity and purpose, when we dived into them, we realized that they could actually be organized into three clear systems. 
Just think of libraries and laundrettes. 
Now I'm destined to spend a lot of time with some unique, very, very special, individualistic and often seductive female characters. 
Many people believe, in fact, that death begins in the eyes, not in the heart, not in the lungs, and that's when people give up hope, or when any life form gives up hope. 
So just when you think it's all over, something else happens, some spark gets into you, some sort of will to fight -- that iron will that we all have, that this elephant has, that conservation has, that big cats have. 
We had to deal with these individual personalities. 
We had to deal with them with respect and celebrate them. 
And even in the non-profit world, a world we sometimes think of as being led by more women, women at the top: 20 percent. 
And I said, "Are you telling me that I am the only woman to have pitched a deal in this office in a year?" 
Now, at the outset, I want to be very clear that this speech comes with no judgments. 
And I took it with my roommate, Carrie, who was then a brilliant literary student -- and went on to be a brilliant literary scholar -- and my brother -- smart guy, but a water-polo-playing pre-med, who was a sophomore. 
But that one word made a really big difference. 
I think there's a really deep irony to the fact that actions women are taking -- and I see this all the time -- with the objective of staying in the workforce actually lead to their eventually leaving. 
And literally from that moment, she doesn't raise her hand anymore, she doesn't look for a promotion, she doesn't take on the new project, she doesn't say, "Me. I want to do that." 
She hired seemingly unemployable men and women to care for the bees, harvest the honey and make value-added products that they marketed themselves, and that were later sold at Whole Foods. 
Just imagine that the air surrounding these places -- it's filled with the residue of explosives and coal. 
Three years of dirty energy with not many jobs, or centuries of clean energy with the potential for developing expertise and improvements in efficiency based on technical skills, and developing local knowledge about how to get the most out of that region's wind. 
Now mountaintop removal pays very little money to the locals, and it gives them a lot of misery. 
I was really lucky to have them all featured on my Corporation for Public Radio radio show called ThePromisedLand.org. 
In fact, they make up some of what I call the most expensive citizens, and they include generationally impoverished, traumatized vets returning from the Middle East, people coming out of jail. 
And for the veterans in particular, the V.A. said there's a six-fold increase in mental health pharmaceuticals by vets since 2003. 
I think that number's probably going to go up. 
Part of my work now is really laying the groundwork to integrate urban ag and rural food systems to hasten the demise of the 3,000-mile salad by creating a national brand of urban-grown produce in every city, that uses regional growing power and augments it with indoor growing facilities, owned and operated by small growers, where now there are only consumers. 
This can support seasonal farmers around metro areas who are losing out because they really can't meet the year-round demand for produce. 
This is smart infrastructure. 
And imagine a national business model that creates local jobs and smart infrastructure to improve local economic stability. 
And it's about leading in a world that really does seem to be operating on the basis of fear. 
And reading that book made me reexamine that theory because I need to explain what I mean by that. 
To him that phrase, "Charity begins at home," meant that my payday -- or someone else's -- would just happen to coincide with his lucky day. 
And she said, "Well, I saw you speak, and I'm going to call you a researcher, I think, but I'm afraid if I call you a researcher, no one will come, because they'll think you're boring and irrelevant." 
What underpinned this shame, this "I'm not good enough," -- which, we all know that feeling: "I'm not blank enough. I'm not thin enough, rich enough, beautiful enough, smart enough, promoted enough." 
The more afraid we are, the more vulnerable we are, the more afraid we are. 
If there's anyone who wants their life to look like this, it would be me, but it doesn't work. 
Our kids' teachers seem to be failing them. 
More and more rules to protect us against an indifferent, uncaring set of institutions we have to deal with. 
Or -- or maybe and -- in addition to rules, let's see if we can come up with some really clever incentives so that, even if the people we deal with don't particularly want to serve our interests, it is in their interest to serve our interest -- the magic incentives that will get people to do the right thing even out of pure selfishness. 
So if we find just the right incentives, they'll do the right thing -- as I said -- selfishly, and if we come up with the right rules and regulations, they won't drive us all over a cliff. 
Why? Because bankers are smart people. 
What we desperately need, beyond, or along with, better rules and reasonably smart incentives, is we need virtue. 
And so she improvised a sentence -- 11 months, and not only that, but release every day to go to work. 
And it seemed on the road to some sort of a decent life -- a happy ending to a story involving wise improvisation from a wise judge. 
But it turned out the prosecutor was not happy that Judge Forer ignored the sentencing guidelines and sort of invented her own, and so he appealed. 
All these schools in Texas compete with one another to achieve these milestones, and there are bonuses and various other treats that come if you beat the other schools. 
So canny outlaws are better than nothing, but it's hard to imagine any canny outlaw sustaining that for an indefinite period of time. 
He was married, he had a third kid on the way, he suffered from PTSD, in addition to the bad back, and recurrent nightmares, and he had started using marijuana to ease some of the symptoms. 
There's now a lot of research being done in psychology on what makes people happy, and the two things that jump out in study after study -- I know this will come as a shock to all of you -- the two things that matter most to happiness are love and work. 
My big idea is a very, very small idea that can unlock billions of big ideas that are at the moment dormant inside us. 
 Part of the problem, I think, is that we imagine that the Koran can be read as we usually read a book -- as though we can curl up with it on a rainy afternoon with a bowl of popcorn within reach, as though God -- and the Koran is entirely in the voice of God speaking to Muhammad -- were just another author on the bestseller list. 
Because the Koran is quite clear when it says that you'll be "a new creation in paradise" and that you will be "recreated in a form unknown to you," which seems to me a far more appealing prospect than a virgin. 
And so I set out with this concept, scientifically, that artistic creativity, it's magical, but it's not magic, meaning that it's a product of the brain. 
And so with this notion that artistic creativity is in fact a neurologic product, I took this thesis that we could study it just like we study any other complex neurologic process. 
And I'll tell you that most scientific studies of music, they're very dense, and when you actually go through them, it's very hard to recognize the music in it. 
In fact, they seem to be very unmusical entirely and to miss the whole point of the music. 
Because we now have new methods that can enable us to take this process of something like this, complex jazz improvisation, and study it rigorously. 
I think that neuroscientists have many more questions than answers, and I myself, I'm not going to give you many answers today, just ask a lot of questions. 
That blood flow causes an increase in local blood to that area with a deoxyhemoglobin change in concentration. 
And it's been used since the '90s to study really complex processes. 
We actually have to come up with a scientific experiment. 
 So in the end, it's not the most natural environment, but they're able to play real music. 
And the musicians, they were comfortable in the end. 
Now a lot of people know that music is not always a solo activity -- sometimes it's done communicatively. 
And let's go ahead and play this video here. 
CL: And so there's a lot of analogy between what takes place in free-style rap and jazz. 
There are, in fact, a lot of correlations between the two forms of music I think in different time periods. 
And so this is what you do: you have a free-style artist come in and memorize a rap that you write for them, that they've never heard before, and then you have them free-style. 
♫ Whisper these lyrics only I can hear ♫ ♫ The art of discovering and that which is hovering ♫ ♫ Inside the mind of those unconfined ♫ ♫ All of these words keep pouring out like rain ♫ ♫ I need a mad scientist to check my brain ♫  I guarantee you that will never happen again. 
Go ahead and hit that right sound icon. 
So just to conclude, we've got a lot of questions to ask, and like I said, we'll ask questions here, not answer them. 
And I think hopefully in the next 10, 20 years you'll actually see real, meaningful studies that say science has to catch up to art, and maybe we're starting now to get there. 
She and I were both very pregnant at that time, and my heart just ached for her, imagining how afraid she must be. 
You may recall a year ago when a firestorm erupted after the United States Preventive Services Task Force reviewed the world's mammography screening literature and issued a guideline recommending against screening mammograms in women in their 40s. 
Now everybody rushed to criticize the Task Force, even though most of them weren't in anyway familiar with the mammography studies. 
There's a shortage of radiologists qualified to read mammograms, and that's because mammograms are one of the most complex of all radiology studies to interpret, and because radiologists are sued more often over missed breast cancer than any other cause. 
Radiologists classify breast density based on the appearance of the tissue on a mammogram. 
But imagine how difficult it would be to find that tumor in this dense breast. 
So digital mammography has been a giant leap forward of digital mammography equipment, but it's been a very small step forward for What about ultrasound? 
If we think about disruptive technology, we see an almost ubiquitous pattern of the technology getting smaller and less expensive. 
Shortly after her visit, I was introduced to a nuclear physicist at Mayo named Michael O'Conner, who was a specialist in cardiac imaging, something I had nothing to do with. 
But the problem was that the gamma detectors were these huge, bulky tubes, and they were filled with these scintillating crystals, and you just couldn't get them close enough around the breast to find small tumors. 
And I started talking to him about this problem with breast density, and we realized that we might be able to get this detector close enough around the breast to actually find small tumors. 
So here we were, a nuclear physicist, an internist, soon joined by Carrie Hruska, a biomedical engineer, and two radiologists, and we were trying to take on the entrenched world of mammography To say that we faced high doses of skepticism in those early years is just a huge understatement, but we were so convinced that we might be able to make this work that we chipped away with incremental modifications 
Mammography relies on differences in the appearance of the tumor from the background tissue, and we've seen that those differences can be obscured in a dense breast. 
But with MBI, we use just light, pain-free compression. 
In this example, although the mammogram found one tumor, we were able to demonstrate three discrete tumors -- one is small as three millimeters. 
After we had demonstrated that we could find small tumors, we used these images to submit a grant to the Susan G. Komen Foundation. 
And I'm very happy to report that we're now using a dose of radiation that is equivalent to the effective dose from one digital mammogram. 
It's also older women with dense tissue. 
But this is why MBI is so potentially disruptive -- it's as accurate as MRI, it's far less complex to interpret, and it's a fraction of the cost. 
Our manuscript was then accepted and will be published later this month in the journal Radiology. 
And if you don't know, please ask your doctor or read the details of your mammography report. 
And fourth and most important, the mammography debate will rage on, but I do believe that all women 40 and older should have an annual mammogram. 
My dad left a small village outside of Amritsar, India. 
My sister and I grew up here, and we had quiet, happy childhoods. 
We grew up taking for granted a lot of the things that my parents couldn't take for granted when they grew up -- things like power always on in our houses, things like schools across the street and hospitals down the road and popsicles in the backyard. 
Under clear blue skies in July in the wine region of Ontario, I got married, surrounded by 150 family and friends. 
I know that they were tougher for a lot of people, not just me. 
I was going through a lot of personal problems at the time. 
One day my wife came home from work and summoned the courage, through a lot of tears, to have a very honest conversation. 
And as these dark clouds were circling me, and I was finding it really, really difficult to think of anything good, I said to myself that I really needed a way to focus on the positive somehow. 
I was trying to remind myself of the simple, universal, little pleasures that we all love, but we just don't talk about enough -- who bring you free refills without asking, being the first table to get called up to the dinner buffet at a wedding, wearing warm underwear from just out of the dryer, or when cashiers open up a new check-out lane at the grocery store and you get to be first in line -- 
Although I should say that my traffic did skyrocket and go up by 100 percent when she forwarded it to my dad. 
It's not a happy thought, but your kids could get mixed up in gangs or bad scenes. 
These were four guys on the L.A. Rams in the 1960s you did not want to go up against. 
They were tough football players doing what they love, which was crushing skulls and separating shoulders on the football field. 
I don't know, because I never did it, but I would imagine that it would take a great attitude. 
And he'd say, "I don't know where Morocco is either, but let's find out." 
And so we'd buy the date, and we'd go home. 
Things are amazing. There's just so many things to be happy about." 
There are so many things to be happy about. 
When I see the symbols of the rainbow and the dove, I think of personal serenity. 
I think of meditation. 
But he's offering 84 billion dollars of nuclear weapons. 
It's not a dirty word. 
And the reason is that tool use, in the beginning -- for thousands and thousands of years, everything has been a physical modification of self. 
What does the inside of your computer actually look like? 
And the problem is that a lot of people now, especially adolescents, have to go through two adolescences. 
They have to go through their primary one, that's already awkward, and then they go through their second self's adolescence, and that's even more awkward because there's an actual history of what they've gone through online. 
But, of course, they don't look like rocks and sludge now. 
They look like TV cameras, monitors, annoying radio mics. And so this magical transformation is what I was trying to get at with my project, which became known as the Toaster Project. 
Can I come up and get some iron?" 
 Ray: It was Crease Limestone, and that was produced by sea creatures 350 million years ago in a nice, warm, sunny atmosphere. 
 And that was something that reoccurred throughout the project, was, the smaller the scale you want to work on, the further back in time you have to go. 
Plastic is the defining feature of cheap electrical goods. 
BP obviously has a bit more on their mind now. 
So suddenly, it will become kind of radioactive from Chernobyl and the 2,000 or so nuclear bombs that have been set off since 1945. 
And that was brought into force to try and deal with the mountain of stuff that is just being made and then living for a while in our homes and then going to landfill. 
Take a breath right now of this clear air in this room. 
If we're blind to this simple biology, imagine what we're missing at the smallest subatomic level right now and at the grandest cosmic levels. 
This," he wrote, "is the interrelated structure Then Mother Teresa, another mystic warrior, who said, "The problem with the world is that we draw the circle of our family too small." 
She thought my side beat up on her side way more often, that we called them brainless, gun-toting racists, and we both marveled at the labels that fit none of the people we actually know. 
First, I want to start by saying, this is a boy, and this is a girl, and this is probably stereotypically what you think of as a boy and a girl. 
So the point here is that not all boys exist within these rigid boundaries of what we think of as boys and girls, and not all girls exist within those rigid boundaries of what we think of as girls. 
They've done a lot of good for girls in these situations, and we ought to be thinking about how we can make that happen for boys too in their younger years. 
Even in their older years, what we find is that there's still a problem. 
A kindergarten teacher I know, her son donated all of his toys to her, and when he did, she had to go through and pull out all the little plastic guns. 
You can't have plastic knives and swords and axes and all that kind of thing What is it that we're afraid that this young man is going to do with this gun? 
In a lot of classrooms today you're not allowed to write about anything that's violent. 
But less directly, the lack of male presence in the culture -- you've got a teachers' lounge, and they're having a conversation about Joey and Johnny who beat each other up on the playground. 
Where we started: my colleagues -- Mike Petner, Shawn Vashaw, myself -- we started by trying to look at the teachers' attitudes and find out how do they really feel about gaming, what do they say about it. 
But if it were your culture, think of how that might feel. 
After telling ourselves for so long that our tools and technology can control nature, suddenly we were face-to-face with our weakness, with our lack of control, as the oil burst out of every attempt to contain it -- "top hats," "top kills" and, most memorably, the "junk shot" -- of firing old tires and golf balls down that hole in the world. 
But even more striking than the ferocious power emanating from that well was the recklessness with which that power was unleashed -- the carelessness, the lack of planning that characterized the operation from drilling to clean-up. 
Our leaders barrel into wars, telling themselves happy stories about cakewalks and welcome parades. 
And by the way, the assumption that we can safely control the Earth's awesomely complex climate system as if it had a thermostat, making the planet not too hot, not too cold, but just right -- sort of Goldilocks style -- this is pure fantasy, and it's not coming from the climate scientists. 
This is a popular explanation, and there's lots of truth to it, because taking big risks, as we all know, pays a lot of money. 
And you actually don't have a lot of options. 
So we have greed, we've got overconfidence/hubris, but since we're here at TEDWomen, let's consider one other factor that could be contributing in some small way to societal recklessness. 
Not only do we continue to tell and retell the same tired stories, but we are now doing so with a frenzy and a fury that, frankly, verges on camp. 
How else to explain the cultural space occupied by Sarah Palin? 
How else to describe this, but as a form of mass insanity? 
Think of it as the ultimate junk shot. 
We need stories that have different kinds of heroes willing to take different kinds of risks -- risks that confront recklessness head on, that put the precautionary principle into practice, even if that means through direct action -- like hundreds of young people willing to get arrested, blocking dirty power plants or fighting mountaintop-removal coal mining. 
 My father and my grandfather were always looking for the newest thing in alternative or traditional therapies for PH, but after six months, I couldn't walk up a small hill. I couldn't climb a flight of stairs. 
If you go through a metal detector, you'll probably die. 
At 24, my death would have been entirely expected. 
I started mixing, and I felt like everything was going to fall out through one hole or another, but I just kept on going. 
A happy patient is a healthy patient." 
And everybody was really happy for me, but me. 
The last thing I remember was lying on a white blanket, telling my surgeon that I needed to see my mother again, and to please try and save my voice. 
This past summer, when I was running and singing and dancing and playing with my nieces and my nephews and my brothers and my sisters and my mother and my grandmother in the Colorado Rockies, I couldn't help but think of that doctor who told me that I couldn't sing. 
And I wanted to tell her, and I want to tell you, we need to stop letting disease divorce us from our dreams. 
This is a terrible thing, that the oil is going to hurt the people in the Gulf." 
And people say, "Well, they should just buy a different product." 
You often have to buy the cheapest products. 
I think in our minds we imagine somebody's going to take the little bottle, say, "Oh, little bottle. 
We're so happy to see you, little bottle." 
But the dirty production, the burning of toxins, the lack of environmental standards in Asia is actually creating so much dirty air pollution it's coming across the ocean and has erased our gains here in California. 
When we take on topics like this, it gives us that extra call to reach out to other movements and to become more inclusive and to grow, and we can finally get out of this crazy dilemma that we've been in. 
I will start by posing a little bit of a challenge: the challenge of dealing with data, data that we have to deal with in medical situations. 
It takes about 30 seconds to go through the whole machine and is generating enormous amounts of information that comes out of the machine. 
That would correspond to about 50 megabytes of data, which is small when you think about the data we can handle today just on normal mobile devices. 
What's about to happen -- and we're seeing this; it's beginning -- a technology trend that's happening right now is that we're starting to look at time-resolved situations as well. 
And this is what we have to deal with. 
Imagine that you slice your body in all these directions, and then you try to put the slices back together again into a pile of data, into a block of data. 
But of course, the block of data just contains the amount of X-ray that's been absorbed in each point in the human body. 
Using computers, even though they're getting faster and better all the time, it's a challenge to deal with gigabytes of data, terabytes of data and extracting the relevant information. 
So please go back home, tell your kids to play more games, because that's what I need. 
And you know, going back maybe 10 years in time when I got the funding to buy my first graphics computer -- it was a huge machine. 
So this is really what's enabling us to deal with the explosion of data in medicine, together with some really nifty work in terms of algorithms -- compressing data, extracting the relevant information that people are doing research on. 
But fully interactively on standard graphics cards on a normal computer, I can just put in a clip plane. 
Now we have really made use of this, and we have tried to squeeze a lot of data into the system. 
And the cause of death is the broken neck. 
So it really, really helps the criminal investigation to establish the cause of death, and in some cases also directing the investigation in the right direction to find out who the killer really was. 
One of the things that I'm really, really happy to be able to show you here today is our virtual autopsy table. 
So we've implemented all the gestures you can do on the table, and you can think of it as an enormous touch interface. 
So if you have the opportunity, please try it out. 
And this is a bit of science fiction now, so we're moving into really the future. 
If I push a little bit harder, I'll go through the skin, and I can feel the bone structure inside. 
If I push even harder, I'll go through the bone structure, especially close to the ear where the bone is very soft. 
Now we're also having a bit of fun at the center. 
And the bear is a cuddly, friendly animal. 
And if you're a performer that wants to collaborate with an adorable robot, or if you have a robot that needs entertainment representation, please contact me, the Bot-Agent. 
We've got the robot -- in his head is a database of a lot of jokes. 
Right, so, a doctor says to his patient, "I have bad news and worse news. 
Data: Pretty lucky for them. 
Ever see that little Swiss Army knife they have to fight with? 
He does not seem to be breathing. 
Okay, it's called itself a nation-state for the last hundred years, but everyone who knows anything about China knows it's a lot older than this. 
Think of German unification, 1990. 
Let me offer you another building block to try and understand China -- maybe not sort of a comfortable one. 
So there's a long history of extraordinary state infrastructural projects in China, which I suppose helps us to explain what we see today, which is something like the Three Gorges Dam and many other expressions of state competence within China. 
If you want to know why we unerringly seem to get China wrong -- our predictions about what's going to happen to China are incorrect -- this is the reason. 
And at last, I'm afraid -- take Europe; America is slightly different -- but Europeans by and large, I have to say, are ignorant, are unaware about the way the world is changing. 
It doesn't even look like a railway station. 
It's a problem that manifests itself in diabetes, obesity, many forms of heart disease, even some forms of cancer -- when you think of smoking. 
But for as much as clinical medicine agonizes over behavior change, there's not a lot of work done in terms of trying to fix that problem. 
Dentistry might seem -- and I think it is -- many dentists would have to acknowledge it's somewhat of a mundane backwater of medicine. 
Not a lot of cool, sexy stuff happening in dentistry. 
They told them that their teeth were going to fall out. 
This was the notion of whether the patients felt that they actually would go ahead and brush and floss their teeth. 
Finally, we need to be presented with a clear point of action. 
And then we turn the page of the magazine, and we see this -- now this is the page the FDA requires pharmaceutical companies to put into their ads, or to follow their ads, and to me, this is one of the most cynical exercises in medicine. 
Likewise, you can go over your lipids and, again, understand what your overall cholesterol level is and then break down into the HDL and the LDL if you so choose. 
But you don't have to wade through it. You don't have to go through the junk. 
Now a lot of our effort on this one -- as many of you probably know, a PSA test is a very controversial test. 
And so we spent a good deal of our time indicating that. 
It's the person who actually, in the end, is going to be having to change their lives and then start adopting new behaviors. 
So I want to just offer four questions that every patient should ask, because I don't actually expect people to start developing these lab test reports. 
 I was afraid of womanhood. 
Not that I'm not afraid now, but I've learned to pretend. 
In fact, I've developed some interesting tools to help me deal with this fear. 
Back in the '50s and '60s, when I was growing up, little girls were supposed to be kind and thoughtful and pretty and gentle and soft, and we were supposed to fit into roles that were sort of shadowy -- really not quite clear what we were supposed to be. 
She was a homemaker, but she and I didn't go out and do girlie things together, and she didn't buy me pink outfits. 
Now I started drawing in the middle of a lot of chaos. 
But I believe that the rules that I'm talking about are universal, of course -- that each culture has its different codes of behavior and dress and traditions, and each woman has to deal with these same things that we do here in the U.S. 
It had a swooping banana seat and those ape hanger handlebars that made the rider look like an orangutan. 
"Andy, Andy, how are you doing?" she said, using the name of my older brother. 
And actually, in her defense, if she were here right now, she would point out that, when we got married in Georgia, there were three questions on the marriage certificate license, the third of which was, "Are you related?" 
So it turned out that starting a council of dads was a very efficient way to find out what my wife really thought of my friends. 
And on that first day we were in this youth hostel in a castle. 
You can bend over and look at your reflection in the mirror and maybe run your finger and make a small ripple, or you can jump in and thrash around and see what it feels like, what it smells like." 
And I remember a particular one night that, when you told that story of -- I don't know where you are Dr. Nuland -- of William Sloane Coffin -- it made me think of it. 
And they put me in an infectious disease ward at the hospital. 
And what you said, Dr. Nuland -- I don't know where you are -- made me think of this today. 
He gives boring speeches about obscure bottles of wine, and on his 50th birthday he bought a convertible sports car -- although, like a lot of men, he's impatient; he bought it on his 49th. 
But like a lot of modern men, he hugs, he bakes, he leaves work early to coach Little League. 
We set out on crutches. 
And all the collective minds in this room, I dare say, can never find a solution for scan-xiety. 
And the epidemiologists here will tell you, that's half the number of people who get the disease So if you go to 23andMe, or if you go to councilofdads.com, you can click on a link. 
So, albeit a very small creature and very modest, this creature is incredible, because it can agglomerate into these mega-reef structures. 
So we really had a lot to deal with. 
Because if you have cleaner water and slower water, you can imagine a new way of living with that water. 
So again, we got the short end of the deal there. 
We reinterpreted this life cycle on the scale of our sight and took the Gowanus as a giant oyster nursery where oysters would be grown up in the Gowanus, then paraded down in their spat stage and seeded out on the Bayridge Reef. 
So we imagine that we would actually potentially even host a bake sale to start our new project. 
It also creates this incredibly interesting, I think, new amphibious public space, where you can imagine working, you can imagine recreating in a new way. 
In the end, what we realized we were making was a new blue-green watery park for the next watery century -- an amphibious park, if you will. 
So you can imagine scuba diving here. 
So you can imagine a sort of new manner of living with a new relationship with the water, and also a hybridizing of recreational and science programs in terms of monitoring. 
Another new vocabulary word for the brave new world: it's short for "floating upwelling system." 
And finally, how much fun it would be to watch the flupsy parade and cheer on the oyster spats as they go down to the reef. 
And this is a particularly small scooter for a gentleman of this size. 
So imagine a kid: "Am I going to get wet? Am I going to get wet? 
And here he'll explain a little bit about what it does. 
They're a bit subversive in what they do. 
But at one time, it was fairly commonplace to think of yourself as a maker. 
There's all kinds of different things that you can imagine for that. 
In fact, these guys actually work for NASA, and they're trying to pioneer using off-the-shelf components, cheap things that aren't specialized that they can combine and send up into space. 
But it's important to understand that a lot of the origins of our industries -- even like Henry Ford -- come from this idea of playing and figuring things out in groups. 
I'm going to make an argument today that may seem a little bit crazy: social media and the end of gender. 
I'm going to argue today that we all know and love, or love to hate, are actually going to help free us from some of the absurd assumptions that we have as a society about gender. 
They come up with these very restrictive labels to define us. 
Now, if you watch "Mad Men," like I do -- it's a popular TV show in the States -- Dr. Faye Miller does something called psychographics, which first came about in the 1960s, where you create these complex psychological profiles of consumers. 
So I'm at the Norman Lear Center at USC, and we've done a lot of research over the last seven, eight years on demographics and how they affect media and entertainment in this country and abroad. 
That's easier for them to find out than who you are. 
But my argument is that, if you want to understand the global village, it's probably a good idea that you figure out what they're passionate about, what amuses them, what they choose to do in their free time. 
So imagine a media atmosphere that isn't dominated by lame stereotypes about gender and other demographic characteristics. 
Can you even imagine what that looks like? 
I can't wait to find out what it looks like. 
When the conquistadors arrived in North America you had two choices: you either fight back and engage or you could take off. 
The last thing that's remarkable about the Tarahumara is that all the things that we're going to be talking about today, all the things that we're trying to come up with using all of our technology and brain power to solve -- things like heart disease and cholesterol and cancer and crime and warfare and violence and clinical depression -- all this stuff, the Tarahumara don't know what you're talking about. 
They are free from all of these modern ailments. 
And once again, a mystery wrapped inside of a mystery -- perhaps the key to Derartu Tulu and the Tarahumara is wrapped in three other mysteries, which go like this: three things -- if you have the answer, come up and take the microphone, because nobody else knows the answer. 
The uterus would fall out, literally fall out of the body. 
Now I defy you to come up with any other physical activity -- and please don't say golf -- something that actually is hard -- where geriatrics are performing as well as they did as teenagers. 
You've got to be really careful any time someone looks back in prehistory and tries to give you some sort of global answer, because, it being prehistory, you can say whatever the hell you want and get away with it. 
If you wonder, why it is the Tarahumara don't fight and don't die of heart disease, why a poor Ethiopian woman named Derartu Tulu can be the most compassionate and yet the most competitive, and why we somehow were able to find food without weapons, perhaps it's because humans, as much as we like to think of ourselves as masters of the universe, actually evolved as nothing more than a pack of hunting dogs. 
All of our science comes from the fact that our ancestors were able to do something extraordinary every day, which was just rely on their naked feet and legs to run long distances. 
Without getting a little too extreme about this, imagine a world where everybody could go out their door and engage in the kind of exercise that's going to make them more relaxed, more serene, more healthy, burn off stress -- where you don't come back into your office a raging maniac anymore, where you don't go back home with a lot of stress on top of you again. 
And I appreciate you guys listening to this story. Thanks very much. 
Don't look for shadow behind me. I carry it within. 
And the reality of the society that we're in is there are thousands and thousands of people out there leading lives of quiet, screaming desperation, where they work long, hard hours at jobs they hate to enable them to buy things they don't need to impress people they don't like. 
Because commercial companies are inherently designed to get as much out of you [as] they can get away with. 
Before I went back to work after my year at home, I sat down and I wrote out a detailed, step-by-step description of the ideal balanced day that I aspired to. 
Now my point is the small things matter. 
With the smallest investment you can radically transform the quality of your relationships and the quality of your life. 
Three years later -- a lot of programming, working with other graduate students in the lab -- Kismet was ready to start interacting with people. 
And with that shift in thinking, we can now start to imagine new questions, new possibilities for robots that we might not have thought about otherwise. 
I imagine a time not too far from now -- my mom can go to her computer, open up a browser and jack into a little robot. 
I could imagine grandmothers being able to do social-plays with their granddaughters, with their friends, and to be able to share all kinds of other activities around the house, like sharing a bedtime story. 
And we know that as you get older in life, if you're obese when you're younger, that can lead to chronic diseases that not only reduce your quality of life, but are a tremendous economic burden on our health care system. 
 And even when we would come up to pick up the robots at the end of the study, they would come out to the car and say good-bye to the robots. 
We know that kids spend a lot of time behind screens today, whether it's television or computer games or whatnot. 
I like to think of this of this blended-reality play. 
You can imagine maybe these symbols give the characters special powers when it goes into the virtual world. 
So we've been exploring a lot of ideas in telepresence and mixed reality to literally allow kids to project their ideas into this space where other kids can interact with them and build upon them. 
I really want to come up with new ways of children's media that foster creativity and learning and innovation. 
We've invited a lot of kids into this space, and they think it's pretty cool. 
And we have a school. This is our bright -- we opened [in the] last two years [an] elementary school where we have 850 children, and the majority are women and girls. 
Would you explain the rules for admission? 
[Whomever] makes those things we throw out. 
Until they identify this case, we'll never release him. 
In a camp with 90,000 people, you have to come up with some rules or there is going to be some fights. 
But one day, I went to the hospital -- my mother was sick -- and I saw the hospital, how they [were] treating the doctors, how they [are] committed to help the sick people. 
HA: Yes, I was working in a tough situation, very dangerous. 
It does suggest we've still got a bit to learn. 
If we could learn to make things and do things the way nature does, we could achieve factor 10, factor 100, maybe even factor 1,000 savings in resource and energy use. 
And if we're to make progress with the sustainability revolution, I believe there are three really big changes we need to bring about. 
And for all three of these, I believe, biomimicry has a lot of the solutions that we're going to need. 
It was a hell of a challenge, and it was actually examples from biology that provided a lot of the clues. 
So I think the Eden Project is a fairly good example of how ideas from biology can lead to radical increases in resource efficiency -- delivering the same function, but with a fraction of the resource input. 
And in their area they had a lot of shops and restaurants that were producing lots of food, cardboard and plastic waste. 
They put it into worm recomposting systems, which produced a lot of worms, which they fed to Siberian sturgeon, which produced caviar, which they sold back to the restaurants. 
And just as natural systems tend to increase in diversity and resilience over time, there's a real sense with this project that the number of possibilities just continue increasing. 
And the kind of elements I'm talking about are, firstly, we have a restaurant inside a productive greenhouse, a bit like this one in Amsterdam called De Kas. 
Then we would have an anaerobic digester, which could deal with all the biodegradable waste from the local area, turn that into heat for the greenhouse and electricity to feed back into the grid. 
The more vegetation we lose, the more that's likely to exacerbate climate change and lead to further desertification. 
So even when there's only a small amount of moisture in the air, it's able to harvest that very effectively and channel it down to its mouth. 
This is a greenhouse designed for arid coastal regions, and the way it works is that you have this whole wall of evaporator grills, and you trickle seawater over that so that wind blows through, it picks up a lot of moisture and is cooled in the process. 
And then at the back of the greenhouse, it condenses a lot of that humidity as freshwater in a process that is effectively identical to the beetle. 
So it was like a green inkblot spreading out from the building turning barren land back into biologically productive land -- and in that sense, going beyond sustainable design to achieve restorative design. 
And the technology that we settled on as an ideal partner for the Seawater Greenhouse is concentrated solar power, which uses solar-tracking mirrors to focus the sun's heat to create electricity. 
CSP produces a lot of waste heat. 
And I firmly believe that studying the way nature solves problems will provide a lot of the solutions. 
So my sister-in-law asked me a few times, "Please stop whistling." 
And two weeks later I received a text message: "You're going to America." 
She didn't expect me to go there. 
Why? Can I go away?" 
Now compassion, when it enters the news, too often comes in the form of feel-good feature pieces or sidebars about heroic people you could never be like or happy endings or examples of self-sacrifice that would seem to be too good to be true most of the time. 
And in that light, for the religious, compassion also brings us into the territory of mystery -- encouraging us not just to see beauty, but perhaps also to look for the face of God in the moment of suffering, in the face of a stranger, in the face of the vibrant religious other. 
And I don't imagine that you will realize this when you look at this photograph of him, but he's paraplegic. 
We spend so much time in this culture being driven and aggressive, and I spend a lot of time being those things too. 
And I'll never forget hearing that story from Dr. Rachel Naomi Remen, who told it to me as her grandfather told it to her, that in the beginning of the Creation something happened and the original light of the universe was shattered into countless pieces. 
And that the highest human calling is to look for this light, to point at it when we see it, to gather it up, and in so doing, to repair the world. 
Now invoking Einstein might not seem the best way to bring compassion down to earth and make it seem accessible to all the rest of us, but actually it is. 
Well, babies all over the world are what I like to describe as "citizens of the world." 
What you see here is performance on that head-turn task for babies tested in Tokyo and the United States, here in Seattle, as they listened to "ra" and "la" -- sounds important to English, but not to Japanese. 
Two months later something incredible occurs. 
English has a lot of Rs and Ls. 
Bilinguals must keep two sets of statistics in mind at once and flip between them, one after the other, depending on who they're speaking to. 
Whatever you put in front of them, they'll take statistics on. 
We're tracking her head with little pellets in a cap, so she's free to move completely unconstrained. 
I've been spending a lot of time traveling around the world these days, talking to groups of students and professionals, and everywhere I'm finding that I hear similar themes. 
And as a woman who didn't get married until I was a lot older -- and I'm glad I waited --  -- and has no children, I look at these young people and I say, "Your job is not to be perfect. 
And whenever we would gather the fellows after that, we would leave a chair empty for her spirit. 
And when we think about legacy, I can think of no more powerful one, despite how short her life was. 
In 1986, I moved to Rwanda, and I worked with a very small group of Rwandan women to start that country's first microfinance bank. 
And that, when they sit on those street corners and all they can think of in the future is no job, no education, no possibility, well then it's easy to understand how the greatest source of status can come from a uniform and a gun. 
Sometimes very small investments can release enormous, infinite potential that exists in all of us. 
And the reason these young guys told me that they're doing these TEDx's is because they were sick and tired of the only workshops coming to the slums being those workshops focused on HIV, or at best, microfinance. 
Robert Kennedy once said that "few of us have the greatness to bend history itself, but each of us can work to change a small portion of events." 
They won't necessarily be easy lives, but in the end, it is all that will sustain us. 
All these things are share-platforms, but sharing ultimately starts and ends with what I refer to as the "mother of all share-platforms." 
More people, smaller spaces, less stuff. 
The cars they picked didn't look like ex-cop cars that were hollowed out or something. 
Because when we buy a car we go to the dealer once, we have an interaction, and we're chow -- usually as quickly as possible. 
And so basically even if you think it's 10 percent, 90 percent of the time, something that costs us a lot of money -- personally, and also we organize our cities around it and all sorts of things -- 90 percent of the time it's sitting around. 
So for this reason, I think one of the other themes with the mesh is essentially that, if we squeeze hard on things that we've thrown away, there's a lot of value in those things. 
The opportunity and the challenge with mesh businesses -- and those are businesses like Zipcar or Netflix that are full mesh businesses, or other ones where you have a lot of the car companies, car manufacturers, who are beginning to offer their own car-share services as well as a second flanker brand, or as really a test, I think -- is to make sharing irresistible. 
The areas around it lack vitality and vibrancy and engagement. 
Subsequent to that, after it's been going for about a year now, they actually started to lease and create and extend. 
So a lot of what we see in the mesh, and a lot of what we have in the platform that we built allows us to define, refine and scale. 
They made a lot of mistakes. 
We're at the very beginning of something that, what we're seeing and the way that mesh companies are coming forward, is inviting, it's engaging, but it's very early. 
So I went out and I bought a lot of pins that would, in fact, reflect what I thought we were going to do on any given day. 
I remember when you were the first woman as Secretary of State, and there was a lot of conversation always about what you were wearing, how you looked -- the thing that happens to a lot of women, especially if they're the first in a position. 
But people did pay attention to what clothes I had. 
Go out and look like a diplomat." 
So that did give me a lot of opportunities to go shopping. 
How did you handle that balance between being the tough diplomatic and strong voice of this country to the rest of the world and also how you felt about yourself as a mother, a grandmother, nurturing ... 
And therefore it means that we have to remember that, while many of us have had huge opportunities -- and Pat, you have been a real leader in your field -- is that there are a lot of women that are not capable of worrying and taking care of themselves and understanding that women have to help other women. 
The bottom line that I decided was actually women's issues are the hardest issues, because they are the ones that have to do with life and death in so many aspects, and because, as I said, it is really central to the way that we think about things. 
Now for instance, some of the wars that took place a lot of them, the women were the main victims of it. 
We then managed to set up a war crimes tribunal to deal specifically with those kinds of issues. 
And I thought when I'd get to my apartment that there'd be a lot of women there. 
The other thing that I think is really important: A lot of national security policy isn't just about foreign policy, but it's about budgets, military budgets, and how the debts of countries work out. 
MA: Thank you all. Thanks Pat. 
These are, of course, not the only insights I could share, but I hope they give you a clear sense at least of why we need to stop kowtowing to them, why we need to rebel and why we need to switch our independent decision-making capabilities on. 
But it does mean persisting in the face of their inevitable annoyance when, for example, we want them to explain things to us in language that we can actually understand. 
In meetings, he looks out for the person in the room -- arms crossed, looking a bit bemused -- and draws them into the discussion, trying to see if they indeed are the person with a different opinion, so that they have dissent within the room. 
But just imagine if we were to junk this notion of expertise as some sort of elite cadre and instead embrace the notion of democratized expertise -- whereby expertise was not just the preserve of surgeons and CEO's, but also shop-girls -- yeah. 
Best Buy, the consumer electronics company, gets all its employees -- the cleaners, the shop assistants, the people in the back office, not just its forecasting team -- to place bets, yes bets, on things like whether or not a product is going to sell well before Christmas, on whether customers' new ideas are going to be or should be taken on by the company, on whether a project will come in on time. 
By leveraging and by embracing the expertise within the company, Best Buy was able to discover, for example, that the store that it was going to open in China -- its big, grand store -- was not going to open on time. 
The strategies that I have discussed this evening -- embracing dissent, taking experts on, democratizing expertise, rebellious strategies -- are strategies that I think would serve us all well to embrace as we try to deal with the challenges of these very confusing, complex, difficult times. 
But also imagine if they were filled with solid bone -- our head would be dead weight, we wouldn't be able to hold it erect, we wouldn't be able to look at the world around us. 
And overlying this is the skin drape, which is a hugely complex three-dimensional structure -- taking right-angled bends here and there, having thin areas like the eyelids, thick areas like the cheek, different colors. 
And imagine if he had hair sprouting from the middle of his nose, he'd look even odder still. 
Age is another thing when our attitude toward our appearance changes. 
They say, "How dare you take this child out of the house and terrify other people. 
And other children in curiosity come up and poke the lesion, because -- a natural curiosity. 
How long did you spend looking in the mirror every day, practicing your sardonic look, practicing your serious look, trying to look like Sean Connery, as I did, trying to raise one eyebrow? 
People know now that I'm enthusiastic, that I'm a happy person." 
But over the course of the next 15 years he had 14 more operations, as the disease ravaged his face and destroyed my reconstruction regularly. 
They're trying to achieve difference in their lives. 
Sue wasn't trying to achieve difference in her life. 
She was just trying to achieve the face that matched her personality. 
Is this business about appearance and preoccupation with it a Western phenomenon? 
It's been going on since we can think of Lombroso and the way he would define criminal faces. 
U.K. jurors in the U.K. justice system like to see a live witness to see whether they can pick up the telltale signs of mendacity -- the blink, the hesitation. 
Would we be happy if our doctor's face, our lawyer's face, our financial adviser's face was covered? 
But are we good at making the judgments on facial appearance and movement? 
"I want to look like this. This is how I looked before." 
Here you can see the plate holding it, and you can see the implants being put in -- so that in one operation we achieve this and this. 
This is a bit like a Julia Child recipe. 
He saw that first glint of light -- he knew what the weather was going to be three days from now. 
They have been compared to astronauts -- these elder navigators who sail vast open oceans in double-hulled canoes thousands of miles from a small island. 
I admit that I'm a little bit nervous here because I'm going to say some radical things, about how we should think about cancer differently, to an audience that contains a lot of people who know a lot more about cancer than I do. 
So if I can make an analogy, let's say that you were trying to tell the difference between a good restaurant, a healthy restaurant and a sick restaurant, and all you had was the list of ingredients that they had in their larder. 
Cystic fibrosis is an example of a disease where you just have a bad ingredient and you have a disease, and we can actually make a direct correspondence between the ingredient and the disease. 
But most things, you really have to know what's going on in the kitchen, because, mostly, sick people used to be healthy people -- they have the same genome. 
But you really for the most part can't tell the difference between a healthy person and a sick person -- except in some of these special cases. 
So why all the big deal about genetics? 
And in fact, thanks to Kary Mullis, you can basically measure your genome in your kitchen with a few extra ingredients. 
And so by reading the genome, we can find out much more about your family than you probably know. 
But mostly what you need to know, to find out if you're sick, is not your predispositions, but it's actually what's going on in your body right now. 
And Applied Minds gets a lot of calls from people who want help with their problems, and I didn't think this was a very likely one to call back, so I kept on giving him to the delay list. 
And so we can look at literally hundreds of thousands of features at once out of that drop of blood. 
But I think this is actually just the beginning of how we're going to treat cancer. 
And so that's the basic thing doctors are trained to do, and it's miraculous in the case of infectious disease -- how well it works. 
And so to give you an idea of an analogy of what I mean by thinking of cancering as a verb, imagine we didn't know anything about plumbing, and the way that we talked about it, we'd come home and we'd find a leak in our kitchen and we'd say, "Oh, my house has water." 
"Kitchen water, well, first of all, we'll go in there and we'll mop out a lot of it. 
So David and I applied to this program and created a consortium at USC where we've got some of the best oncologists in the world and some of the best biologists in the world, from Cold Spring Harbor, Stanford, Austin -- I won't even go through and name all the places -- to have a research project that will last for five years where we're really going to try to build a model of cancer like this. 
We're doing it in mice first, and we will kill a lot of mice but they will die for a good cause. 
And in that simulation, what we could do is design for you specifically a sequence of treatments, and it might be very gentle treatments, very small amounts of drugs. 
It's going to require a lot of work, a lot of research. 
However, the change that came through foreign intervention created even worse circumstances for the people and deepened the sense of paralysis and inferiority in that part of the world. 
We have found a new way to express our feelings and to express our dreams: these young people who have restored self-confidence in our nations in that part of the world, who have given us new meaning for freedom and empowered us to go down to the streets. 
People who were inspired to go down to the streets and to raise their voices, they tried to kill. 
Therefore, they asked their parents to go down to the streets and collect them, bring them back home. 
But yes, these youth who have been inspired by universal values, who are idealistic enough to imagine a magnificent future and, at the same time, realistic enough to balance this kind of imagination and the process leading to it -- not using violence, not trying to create chaos -- these young people, they did not go home. 
Yes, some of these young people are connected to the Internet, but the connectivity in the Arab world is very little, is very small, because of many problems that we are suffering from. 
And you have many other countries trying to see and to rediscover that feeling of, "How do we imagine a future which is magnificent and peaceful and tolerant?" 
This is the right moment, and this is the actual moment that we see all of these meanings meet together and then create the beginning of this magnificent era that will emerge from the region. 
They could not, and they cannot, imagine how they could really deal with this reality. 
So we have a chance to create a new future We have a chance to go and to think of the future as something which is open to the world. 
Let us free ourselves -- especially in the West -- from thinking about that part of the world based on oil interest, or based on interests of the illusion of stability and security. 
We have covered a lot of tragedies, a lot of problems, a lot of conflict zones, a lot of hot spots in the region, because we were centered at the middle of it. 
CA: There are a lot of people in the West who are still skeptical, or think this may just be an intermediate stage before much more alarming chaos. 
WK: And people actually, after the collapse of the Hosni Mubarak regime, the youth who have organized themselves in certain groups and councils, they are guarding the transformation and they are trying to put it on a track in order to satisfy the values of democracy, but at the same time also to make it reasonable and to make it rational, not to go out of order. 
Mohamed Nanabhay who's sitting with us, he told me that a 2,500 percent increase of accessing our website from various parts of the world. 
So when I found a cheap camera on the subway, I started documenting those adventures with my friends and gave them back as photocopies -- really small photos just that size. 
When we got there, we just went in the street, started talking with people everywhere, and we realized that things were a bit different from the rhetoric we heard in the media. 
And on that stairs, that's where the traffickers always stand and there's a lot of exchange of fire. 
And they would put a number: "Please call this number if you know what's going on in Providencia." 
Some who understood the project would explain it to others. 
So imagine white guys pasting white papers. 
But you know how India has a lot of dust in the streets, and the more dust you would have going up in the air, on the white paper you can almost see, but there is this sticky part like when you reverse a sticker. 
If you think of the concept of Wikipedia where everyone is collaborating on content, and at the end of the day you've built the largest encyclopedia in the world. 
And in the Egyptian revolution, the Revolution 2.0, everyone has contributed something, small or big. They contributed something -- to bring us one of the most inspiring stories in the history of mankind when it comes to revolutions. 
We only ranked high when it comes to poverty, corruption, lack of freedom of speech, lack of political activism. 
And it's not because people were happy or people were not frustrated. 
Not everyone. There were actually a few brave Egyptians that I have to thank for being so brave -- going into protests as a couple of hundred, getting beaten up and arrested. 
There are a lot of people who are frustrated." 
A lot of us, we're not really happy when we see a video of an Egyptian man who's eating the trash while others are stealing billions of Egyptian pounds from the wealth of the country. 
This is not the end, this is the beginning of the end." 
We're going to win because we don't play their dirty games. 
And it's really in this combined way that you get an overall sense of what's going on, because there's a lot of complex things like Medicaid and research money that flow across those boundaries. 
Now he's put together some thoughts: About half of that he'll cut, another half, perhaps in a very complex set of steps, taxes will be approved. 
But even so, as you go out into those future years, various pension costs, health costs go up enough, and the revenue does not go up enough. 
In fact, there's about five states that are worse and only really four states that don't face this big challenge. 
It really comes from the fact that certain long-term obligations -- health care, where innovation makes it more expensive, early retirement and pension, where the age structure gets worse for you, and just generosity -- that these mis-accounting things allow to develop over time, that you've got a problem. 
Three million set aside, 62 billion dollar liability -- much worse than the car companies. 
And there's a discussion: if you're going to increase class sizes, where do you do that? How much effect does that have? 
In fact, the week afterwards, some tax cuts were done that made the situation even worse than their assumptions. 
This is actually a patient who [was] presented with a deceased organ, and we then created one of these smart biomaterials, and then we then used that smart biomaterial to replace and repair that patient's structure. 
So the concept here: so if you do have a deceased or injured organ, we take a very small piece of that tissue, less than half the size of a postage stamp. 
We then tease the cells apart, we grow the cells outside the body. 
We actually take a very small piece of the bladder from the patient -- less than half the size of a postage stamp. 
As you know, a lot of organs are actually discarded, not used. 
You see a scanner technology that first scans the wound on the patient and then it comes back with the printheads actually printing the layers that you require on the patients themselves. 
So this is more challenging -- large organ, vascular, a lot of blood vessel supply, a lot of cells present. 
So we go layer by layer through the organ, analyzing each layer as we go through the organ, and we then are able to send that information, as you see here, through the computer and actually design the organ This actually shows the actual printer. 
So, these gloves are a little bit small on me, but here it is. 
 Luke Massella: I was really sick. I could barely get out of bed. 
Luke, come up please. 
JE: When you got this call out of the blue -- Tony's really shy, and it took a lot of convincing to get somebody as modest as Tony to allow us to bring Luke. 
LM: Most of my professors were all for it, and they said, "Bring pictures and show me the clips online," and "I'm happy for you." 
I was raised on "Free to be you and me" --  hip-hop -- not as many woohoos for hip-hop in the house. 
There are lots of very modern political movements that have caught fire in no small part because of cultural hipness. 
 Which brings me to the second paradox: sobering up about our smallness and maintaining faith in our greatness all at once. 
On one, we really go after changing these broken systems of which we find ourselves a part. 
They were saying that they preferred the automated version of their cousin At first it's very unintuitive, but when you think about it from their point of view, it makes a ton of sense. 
I actually got a natural high and a good mood for the entire day, since I remember seeing all of this matrix text in class, and here I'm all like, 'I know kung fu.'"  We get a lot of feedback along those lines. 
But then, as the viewership kept growing and kept growing, I started getting letters from people, and it was starting to become clear that it was more than just a nice-to-have. 
That's analogous to -- imagine learning to ride a bicycle. 
The traditional model, it penalizes you for experimentation and failure, but it does not expect mastery. 
But we do expect mastery. 
So you can imagine -- and this is what we are working on -- from this knowledge map, you have logic, you have computer programming, you have grammar, you have genetics, all based off of that core of, if you know this and that, now you're ready for this next concept. 
It makes you really wonder how much all of the labels maybe a lot of us have benefited from were really just due to a coincidence of time. 
A lot of the effort in humanizing the classroom is focused on student-to-teacher ratios. 
As valuable as that is in Los Altos, imagine what it does to the adult learner, who's embarrassed to go back and learn stuff they should have known before going back to college. 
Now imagine what happens where -- we talked about the peers teaching each other inside of a classroom. 
Once again, I didn't expect it to be used in classrooms. 
We can track everything, track them as they go through the entire district. 
And they're saying, "Hey, this is nice, but --" Like that focus graph, a lot of the teachers said, "I have a feeling a lot of the kids are jumping around and not focusing on one topic." 
Do you think a lot of classes next school year should try this thing out? 
And I want to talk about what a Web based on that idea of relevance might look like. 
So I first noticed this in a place I spend a lot of time -- my Facebook page. 
And they were looking at the Netflix queues, and they noticed something kind of funny that a lot of us probably have noticed, which is there are some movies that just sort of zip right up and out to our houses. 
 So the best editing gives us a bit of both. 
And the challenge with these kinds of algorithmic filters, these personalized filters, is that, because they're mainly looking at what you click on first, it can throw off that balance. 
I know that there are a lot of people here from Facebook and from Google -- Larry and Sergey -- people who have helped build the Web as it is, and I'm grateful for that. 
And so with many privacy provisions put in place to protect everyone who was recorded in the data, to my trusted research team at MIT so we could start teasing apart patterns in this massive data set, trying to understand the influence of social environments on language acquisition. 
The way to interpret this apparently simple graph is, on the vertical is an indication of how complex caregiver utterances are based on the length of utterances. 
So it appears that all three primary caregivers -- myself, my wife and our nanny -- were systematically and, I would think, subconsciously restructuring our language to meet him at the birth of a word and bring him gently into more complex language. 
And the implications of this -- there are many, but one I just want to point out, is that there must be amazing feedback loops. 
We're not looking at -- think of this as a dollhouse cutaway of our house. 
And Michael Fleischman was another Ph.D. student in my lab who worked with me on this home video analysis, and he made the following observation: that "just the way that we're analyzing how language connects to events which provide common ground for language, that same idea we can take out of your home, Deb, and we can apply it to the world of public media." 
Think of mass media as providing common ground and you have the recipe for taking this idea to a whole new place. 
We've started analyzing television content using the same principles -- analyzing event structure of a TV signal -- episodes of shows, commercials, all of the components that make up the event structure. 
So a lot of people are following this person -- very influential -- and they have a propensity to talk about what's on TV. 
And then I went on to reflect, "Isn't it amazing, this entire database, all these recordings, I'm going to hand off to you and to your sister" -- who arrived two years later -- "and you guys are going to be able to go back and re-experience moments that you could never, with your biological memory, possibly remember the way you can now?" 
This is the first time our son took more than two steps at once -- captured on film. 
They're the veins of the ecosystem, and they're often empty veins. 
In short, there was a lot of water and there weren't very many people. 
Oddly, a lot of people showed up wanting to share the stream, and the folks who were there first got concerned enough to bring out their lawyers. 
Each increment gets a serial number and a certificate, and then the brewers and others buy those certificates as a way to return water to these degraded ecosystems. 
It provides a simple, inexpensive and measurable way to return water to these degraded ecosystems, while giving farmers an economic choice and giving businesses concerned about their water footprints an easy way to deal with them. 
We've connected senior water rights holders with brewers in Montana, with hotels and tea companies in Oregon and with high-tech companies that use a lot of water in the Southwest. 
But the paradox is, when a lot of these people slip into the policy-making mode, that social awareness vanishes and they start talking like accountants. 
 And they go to Whole Foods to get their baby formula, and Whole Foods is one of those progressive grocery stores where all the cashiers look like they're on loan from Amnesty International. 
 They buy these seaweed-based snacks there called Veggie Booty with Kale, which is for kids who come home and say, "Mom, mom, I want a snack that'll help prevent colon-rectal cancer." 
 They have kids of their own, and they've achieved a genetic miracle by marrying beautiful people, so their grandmoms look like Gertrude Stein, their daughters looks like Halle Berry -- I don't know how they've done that. 
So they've got these furry 160-pound dogs -- all look like velociraptors, all named after Jane Austen characters. 
They're cross-country skiing up the mountain with these grim expressions that make Dick Cheney look like Jerry Lewis. 
So one of the most cognitively demanding things we do is buy furniture. 
It's really hard to imagine a sofa, how it's going to look in your house. 
They put them into a brain scan machine -- this is apocryphal by the way, but I don't care -- and they had them watch a horror movie, and then they had them describe their feelings toward their wives. 
They go through life like sailboats tacking into the wind -- wanting to get close to people, but not really having the models of how to do that. 
one clear thing that defined us both, that welded us into a unit -- the kind of unit I had but dimly imagined before being married and having children. 
So in this ambition to capture songs from the universe, we turn our focus to black holes and the promise they have, because black holes can bang on space-time like mallets on a drum and have a very characteristic song, which I'd like to play for you -- some of our predictions for what that song will be like. 
We might one day see a shadow a black hole can cast on a very bright background, but we haven't yet. 
I like to imagine Schwarzschild in the war in the trenches calculating ballistic trajectories for cannon fire, and then, in between, calculating Einstein's equations -- as you do in the trenches. 
Despite the heavy gunfire, I've been able to get away from it all and walk through the land of your ideas." 
It was decades before the term "black hole" was coined and people realized that black holes are real astrophysical objects -- in fact they're the death state of very massive stars that collapse catastrophically at the end of their lifetime. 
But if we did a little thought experiment -- as Einstein was very fond of doing -- we could imagine putting the Sun crushed down to six kilometers, and putting a tiny little Earth around it in orbit, outside of the black-hole sun. 
And you would realize you could put the Earth in a happy orbit even 30 km outside of this crushed black hole. 
And if one were to eclipse the Milky Way, this is what it would look like. 
It would be bad if we tried to fire our rockets and get out of there because we couldn't, anymore than light can escape. 
And even though, due to a relativistic effect known as time dilation, our clocks would seem to slow down relative to galactic time, it would look as though the evolution of the galaxy had been sped up and shot at us, right before we were crushed to death by the black hole. 
It would be like a near-death experience where you see the light at the end of the tunnel, but it's a total death experience. 
Imagine now taking an astrophysically realistic situation -- imagine two black holes that have lived a long life together. 
 Want to get away from the sound. 
Now that chirp is very characteristic of black holes merging -- that it chirps up at the end. 
They look like they're frozen in some embrace. 
It's beyond our human perception to pick up a song of that duration. 
So imagine you're inside the Big Bang. 
And if they are, I can imagine them as we are, calculating, writing computer code, building instruments, trying to detect that faintest sound of their origins and wondering who else is out there. 
As opposed to the first office that I showed you in the beginning of the talk, this is a well-known office, which is the Weidt Group. 
So it can be very dim over there, and you do your work, and it can be very bright over there, and you do your work. 
In the 1930s, Richard Kelly was the first person to really describe a methodology of modern lighting design. 
And he coined three terms, which are "focal glow," "ambient luminescence" and "play of the brilliants" -- three very distinctly different ideas about light in architecture that all together make up this beautiful experience. 
And I will explain that further. 
And behind them, you see that Seagram Building that later turned into an icon of modern lighting design. 
You can see here a photo from the United States Library of Medicine, where people are put in the sun to get better. 
And you can imagine a lot more applications. 
Because the new technologies, they seem to be in a really interesting position to contribute to the solutions of urbanization and to provide us with better environments. 
Now we have LED, but here you see the latest one, and you see how incredibly small it is. 
The problem is, though, that I wanted to explain to you how this really works -- but I can have four of these on my finger, so you would not be able to really see them. 
Even in the oceans, we are creating a lot of light that we could actually ban also for animal life to have a much greater well-being. 
I think that there is a lot of suspense in this painting. 
But I also think of Peter Zumthor's spa in Vals, where light and dark, in very gentle combinations, alter each other to define the space. 
And finally, I want to point out that a lot of this inspiration comes from theater. 
So the first time she realizes that Wonder Woman isn't coming, I'll make sure she knows she doesn't have to wear the cape all by herself, because no matter how wide you stretch your fingers, your hands will always be too small to catch all the pain you want to heal. 
It can crumble so easily, but don't be afraid to stick your tongue out and taste it. 
"Baby," I'll tell her, "remember, your momma is a worrier, and your poppa is a warrior, and you are the girl with small hands and big eyes who never stops asking for more." 
Remember that good things come in threes and so do bad things. 
Your voice is small, but don't ever stop singing. 
 All right, so I want you to take a moment, and I want you to think of three things that you know to be true. 
The poem was very indignant, and mainly exaggerated, but the only spoken-word poetry that I had seen up until that point was mainly indignant, so I thought that's what was expected of me. 
I was the youngest by at least a decade, but somehow the poets at the Bowery Poetry Club didn't seem bothered by the 14-year-old wandering about. 
And that was thanks to a girl in a hoodie. 
  Now, I know that the number one rule to being cool is to seem unfazed, to never admit that anything scares you or impresses you or excites you. 
You protect yourself from all the unexpected miseries or hurt that might show up. 
And yes, that means catching all of those miseries and hurt, but it also means that when beautiful, amazing things just fall out of the sky, I'm ready to catch them. 
I use spoken word to help my students rediscover wonder, to fight their instincts to be cool and unfazed and, instead, actively pursue being engaged with what goes on around them, so that they can reinterpret and create something from it. 
It's not that I think that spoken-word poetry is the ideal art form. 
I'm so lucky that there's this archive of performances that I can share with my students. 
I travel a lot while I'm teaching, and I don't always get to watch all of my students reach their step three, but I was very lucky with Charlotte, that I got to watch her journey unfold the way it did. 
I spent a lot of time thinking about the best way to tell this story, and I wondered if the best way was going to be a PowerPoint, a short film -- And where exactly was the beginning, the middle or the end? 
And I always thought that my beginning was at the Bowery Poetry Club, but it's possible that it was much earlier. 
It's clear that when I was a child, I definitely walked through life like this. 
The long-lasting damage of nuclear radiation caused an entire city and its population to turn into powder. 
And then I put the really tough question: "How many of you hand-wash your jeans and your bed sheets?" 
What are the trends? If we just prolong the trends, without any real advanced analysis, to 2050, there are two things that can increase the energy use. 
Population growth will mainly occur among the poorest people here because they have high child mortality and they have many children per woman. 
She's very happy about her minister of energy that provided electricity to everyone -- so happy that she even voted for her. 
Because this is the magic: you load the laundry, and what do you get out of the machine? 
The first wave of evolution is what we think of as Darwinian evolution. 
We started selectively breeding animals And if you think of dogs for example, dogs are now intentionally-designed creatures. 
And in fact, right now in many states, you can go out and you can buy bioluminescent pets. 
And before you get too worried about it, here in the United States, the majority of food you buy in the supermarket already has genetically-modified components to it. 
It gets worse than that -- or perhaps better than that. 
And in fact, this technology has gotten so developed that this creature -- this is a moth -- this is the moth in its pupa stage, and that's when they put the wires in and they put in the computer technology, so that when the moth actually emerges as a moth, it is already prewired. 
This is a DNA synthesizer, and here at the bottom are just bottles of A, T, C and G -- the four chemicals that make up our DNA chain. 
Do we have free reign to design animals? 
We are not only already using these things in animals, some of them we're already beginning to use on our own bodies. 
Please welcome Claron McFadden. 
And in that moment I understood that everything I had gone to Thailand to look for, to search for, I had it already in my singing -- the calm, but alertness, the focus, but awareness, and being totally in the moment. 
 And in that time, I have seen a lot of changes. 
But I do know that I've seen a lot of changes. 
But if another language can think that thought, then, by cooperating, we can achieve and learn so much more. 
And anyway, there was never enough kerosene, because what does a dollar a day buy for you? 
So he invented a cost-free solar lamp. 
AK: Well actually I prefer to say that it's an object constructed out of wood and cloth with movement built into it to persuade you to believe that it has life. 
AK: The person in the hind legs is also controlling the tail, a bit like the hyena -- same mechanism, just a bit bigger. 
This is a cardboard model, a little bit smaller than the hyena. 
AK: We started work on the prototype after the model was approved, and the prototype took a bit longer than we anticipated. 
We had to throw out the plywood legs and make new cane ones. 
You can see quite a lot of skeletons in the background there. 
We used a bit of laser cutting on the plywood and some of the aluminum pieces. 
I'd just like to describe -- I won't talk too loud. He might get irritated. 
And together, there's quite a complex possibility of tail expression. 
We made it learn from us, and we set it free in the desert. 
Do you know that driving accidents are the number one cause of death for young people? 
And there were a lot of cute girls in the soprano section, as it turns out. 
And I made free the download of the music to a piece that I had written in the year 2000 called "Lux Aurumque," which means "light and gold." 
And then as the videos started to come in ... 
And because of that, then a lot of singers started saying, "All right, what's Virtual Choir 2.0?" 
Yeah, I'm sure a lot of you have heard that too. 
And the second is that people seem to be experiencing an actual connection. 
 Virtual Choir: ♫ The evening hangs ♫ ♫ beneath the moon ♫ ♫ A silver thread on darkened dune ♫ ♫ With closing eyes and resting head ♫ ♫ I know that sleep is coming soon ♫ ♫ Upon my pillow, ♫ ♫ safe in bed, ♫ ♫ a thousand pictures fill my head ♫ ♫ I cannot sleep ♫ ♫ my mind's aflight ♫ ♫ and yet my limbs seem made of lead ♫ 
So my wonderful student Sam and I decided to look at the most tangible thing we could think of: Play-Doh. 
It turns out that regular Play-Doh that you buy at the store conducts electricity, and high school physics teachers have used that for years. 
So if I take this salt dough, again, it's like the play-dough you probably made as kids, and I plug it in -- it's a two-lead battery pack, simple battery pack, you can buy them at Radio Shack and pretty much anywhere else -- we can actually then light things up. 
What happens if I put in lots of lights and then add a motor? 
We don't usually think of our kitchen as an electrical engineering lab or little kids as circuit designers, but maybe we should. 
There's no way to get out of this at this point." 
You go through some additional checks, and then they open the door. 
The jumpmasters start to check the door. 
You fall outside the door, you're caught in the slipstream. 
And I was raised to believe that soldiers were strong and wise and brave and faithful; they didn't lie, cheat, steal or abandon their comrades. 
So we had to get complex intelligence together, we had to line up the ability to act. 
It was sensitive, we had to go up the chain of command, convince them that this was the right thing to do and do all of this on electronic medium. 
And he said, "Sir, he's fine. Thanks for asking." 
He certainly doesn't look like me. 
It starts with a small group of Googlers taking the initiative to do something. 
And they don't usually ask for permission; they just go ahead and do it, and then other Googlers join in, and it just gets bigger and bigger. 
They just go ahead and start a fundraiser. 
So in Google, there's a lot of autonomy. 
Leadership training in Google, for example, places a lot of emphasis on the inner qualities, such as self-awareness, self-mastery, empathy and compassion, because we believe that leadership begins with character. 
What does that mean? Imagine this. 
I can't see this clock and I can't see the timing, so holy God, woohoo!  I might buy some more time. 
But more importantly, let me tell you -- I'm going to come up really close here. Don't freak out, Pat. 
The really strange part is that, at three and a half, just before I was going to school, my parents made a bizarre, unusual and incredibly brave decision. 
So just like Johnny Cash's Sue, a boy given a girl's name, I would grow up and learn from experience how to be tough and how to survive, when they were no longer there to protect me, or just take it all away. 
And for the next 11 years, I swore nobody would ever find out that I couldn't see, because I didn't want to be a failure, and I didn't want to be weak. 
OK, designers, please put up your hands, even though I can't even see you. 
It's such a small thing, right? 
I count the steps and the lampposts and all those things that visually impaired people have a tendency to have a lot of meetings with. 
 The most powerful thing of all, it's not that I didn't achieve before then. Oh my God, I did. 
But as I was traveling here, you'll be very happy to know, I did use my white symbol stick cane, because it's really good to skip queues in the airport. 
♫ I would want to be here. ♫ ♫ Searching for the future ♫ ♫ among the things we're throwing away. ♫ ♫ Trying to see the world ♫ ♫ through the junk we produce everyday. ♫ ♫ They say nothing lasts forever, ♫ ♫ but all the plastic ever made is still here. ♫ ♫ And no amount of closing our eyes ♫ ♫ will make it disappear. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ 
♫ But the world can't take it very much longer. ♫ ♫ We're not going to make it ♫ ♫ unless we're smarter and stronger. ♫ ♫ The world is going to shake itself free of our greed ♫ ♫ somehow. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere in time, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere and change things, ♫ ♫ it would have to be now. ♫ 
♫ They say nothing last forever, ♫ ♫ but all the plastic ever made is still here. ♫ ♫ And no amount of closing our eyes ♫ ♫ will make it disappear. ♫ ♫ And the world can't take it ♫ ♫ very much longer. ♫ ♫ We're not going to make it ♫ ♫ unless we're smarter and stronger. ♫ ♫ The world's gonna shake itself free of our greed ♫ 
♫ somehow. ♫ ♫ And the world can't take it, that you can see. ♫ ♫ If the oceans don't make it, neither will we. ♫ ♫ The world's gonna shake itself all the way free ♫ ♫ somehow. ♫ ♫ If I could be anywhere, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere in time, ♫ ♫ if I could be anywhere and change the outcome, ♫ ♫ it would have to be now. ♫ 
What that says basically is that the general tendency of the universe is to move from order and structure to lack of order, lack of structure -- in fact, to mush. 
And that's why that video feels a bit strange. 
And where you have slightly more complex things, you can get slightly more complex things. 
But to do it, you have do something that may, at first sight, seem completely impossible. 
 Let's begin by winding the timeline back 13.7 billion years, to the beginning of time. 
The universe is tiny; it's smaller than an atom. 
And at first, it's just a blur, but very quickly distinct things begin to appear in that blur. 
So we can imagine the early universe breaking up into a billion clouds. 
And each cloud is compacted, gravity gets more powerful as density increases, the temperature begins to rise at the center of each cloud, and then, at the center, the temperature crosses the threshold temperature of 10 million degrees, protons start to fuse, there's a huge release of energy, and -- bam! 
And in a chemically more complex universe, it's possible to make more things. 
Rocky planets like our Earth are significantly more complex than stars because they contain a much greater diversity of materials. 
That operates over smaller scales than gravity, which explains why you and I are smaller than stars or planets. 
Now, what are the ideal conditions for chemistry? 
How do you stabilize those huge molecules that seem to be viable? 
Sixty-five million years ago, an asteroid landed on Earth near the Yucatan Peninsula, creating conditions equivalent to those of a nuclear war, and the dinosaurs were wiped out. 
Terrible news for the dinosaurs, but great news for our mammalian ancestors, in the niches left empty by the dinosaurs. 
Let me explain why. 
We seem to be the only species in four billion years to have this gift. 
We evolved as a species in the savanna lands of Africa, but then you see humans migrating into new environments, into desert lands, into jungles, into the Ice Age tundra of Siberia -- tough, tough environment -- into the Americas, into Australasia. 
And then from about 500 years ago, humans began to link up globally through shipping, through trains, through telegraph, through the Internet, until now we seem to form a single global brain of almost seven billion individuals. 
So fossil fuels and collective learning together explain the staggering complexity we see around us. 
Collective learning is a very, very powerful force, and it's not clear that we humans are in charge of it. 
We're burning fossil fuels at such a rate that we seem to be undermining the Goldilocks conditions that made it possible for human civilizations to flourish over the last 10,000 years. 
You need to get halfway down to even find out which address they're talking about, and then farther down, in tiny 10-point font, to find out how to actually get involved. 
And you might think this is a small thing, but I think it's important because it sets a tone and it reinforces the dangerous idea that politics is a spectator sport. 
This helps me understand why a lot of people have trouble seeing themselves as leaders because it sends all the wrong messages about what leadership is about. 
As long as we're teaching our kids that heroism starts when someone scratches a mark on your forehead, or someone tells you that you're part of a prophecy, they're missing the most important characteristic of leadership, which is that it comes from within. 
Quite the opposite: I actually think people are amazing and smart and that they do care. 
But that, as I said, we live in this environment where all these obstacles are being put in our way. 
My main message is, if we can redefine apathy, not as some kind of internal syndrome, but as a complex web of cultural barriers and if we can clearly define, we can clearly identify, what those obstacles are, and then if we can work together collectively to dismantle those obstacles, then anything is possible. 
I had a "normal" dad like everybody else, apart from the fact that he was 30 years older than ... 
In order to do that, I set out to forge their signature. 
Then he said, "But really, Sarah, you could have worked harder! Can't you see it's really too small?" 
Indeed, it's rather small. 
All day he would ask many questions to his boss to learn, to accumulate more and more knowledge, and at night, when no one was looking, he'd put his experience to practice. 
Finally they were all arrested and taken to the Drancy camp and they managed to get out at the last minute thanks to their Argentinean papers. 
How can one explain what one does at night in the lab, every single night? 
He also explained to me that I had a brother, too, and the first time I saw them I must have been three or four, and they were 30 years older than me. 
Time passed, and they thought he had surely forgotten them, at first. 
I understood much later that actually it was his own story my father would tell me to get me to sleep. 
Dean Ornish: At first for a long time, I wrote messages in notebooks. 
I felt, and I still feel, a lot of distance from the human mainstream. 
At first I was against it. 
I was in line at Radio Shack to buy one of the first Model 100's. 
Indeed, I am lucky to live in history at all, because without intelligence and memory there is no history. 
We use words and communication to break out of it and to reach out to others. 
When you see me today, I look like the Phantom of the Opera. 
I have much to make me happy and relieved. 
Then we set out to create an open source, DIY, do it yourself version that anyone can build and maintain at a fraction of the cost. 
And I found that industrial productivity can be achieved on a small scale. 
As the demand for donor organs continues to rise, in large part due to the aging population, the supply has remained relatively constant. 
In the United States alone, 100,000 men, women and children are on the waiting list for donor organs, and more than a dozen die each day because of a lack of donor organs. 
Pregnancies are meant to be happy and fulfilling moments in any woman's life. 
But my joyful period was marred by solemn and morbid thoughts -- thoughts of walking through the prison's high-security death row, as this was the only route to take me to the makeshift operating room. 
It made me wonder if there could be a better way -- a way to circumvent death and yet deliver the gift of life that might exponentially impact millions of patients worldwide. 
Now just about that time, the practice of surgery evolved from big to small, from wide open incisions to keyhole procedures, tiny incisions. 
In 1988, at the University of Minnesota, I participated in a small series of whole organ pancreas transplants. 
Embryonic stem cells have occupied center stage, chiefly because of their pluripotency -- that is their ease in differentiating into a variety of different cell types. 
Now to the ridicule of my colleagues, I inspired my lab to focus on what I thought was the most non-controversial source of stem cells, adipose tissue, or fat, yes fat -- nowadays available in abundant supply -- you and I, I think, would be very happy to get rid of anyway. 
Indeed, there is a lot of hype, but also hope that the promise of stem cells will one day provide cures for a whole range of conditions. 
I was about to start a robotic operation, but stepping out of the elevator into the bright and glaring lights of the operating room, I realized that my left visual field was fast collapsing into darkness. 
And these stem cells then float in the bloodstream and hone in to damaged organs to release growth factors to repair the damaged tissue. 
Heart disease is the leading cause of death worldwide. 
Stem cells provide hope for new beginnings -- small, incremental steps, cells rather than organs, repair rather than replacement. 
So I imagine my life: if a hundred years ago China had been the most powerful nation in the world and they came to the United States in search of coal, and they found it, and, in fact, they found lots of it right here. 
I saw people struggling to get by, not knowing what was what and what was next. 
And I realized, because the Chinese ingratiated themselves with a small ruling class here in the United States who stole all of that money and all of that wealth for themselves. 
And the rest of us, the vast majority of us, struggle to get by. 
You can't expect that." 
And we fight back, and it gets really ugly. 
Can you imagine what you would feel if you were in my shoes? 
Can you imagine walking out of this building and seeing a tank sitting out there or a truck full of soldiers? 
And just imagine what you would feel. 
And you watch the news, you pay attention, you read the newspaper, you go down to the coffee shop with your friends, and you read the newspapers from around the world. 
You see people struggling to get by. 
I mean, it's not easy; you see a lot of poverty. 
And what you see, something else, the United States, the hub of democracy around the world, they don't seem to really be supporting democratic countries all around the world. 
There are a lot of countries, oil-producing countries, that aren't very democratic, but supported by the United States. 
And their leaders, their leaders: before they send their sons and daughters off to war in your country -- and you know the reason -- before they send them off, they go to a Christian church, and they pray to their Christian God, and they ask for protection and guidance from that god. 
And then your cousin says, "Hey cuz, check out this website. 
Can you imagine that maybe one of them in the morning bent down to their child and hugged their child and said, "Dear, I'll be back later. 
Can you imagine that? 
Can you imagine saying that? 
And if I can get you to step into their shoes and walk an inch, one tiny inch, then imagine the kind of sociological analysis that you can do in all other aspects of your life. 
And suddenly all these tiny, little worlds, they come together in this complex web. 
And they build a big, complex world. 
But when it comes down to me, right now, to all the beliefs I hold, here in the present tense, suddenly all of this abstract appreciation of fallibility goes out the window -- and I can't actually think of anything I'm wrong about. 
 Realizing you're wrong can feel like all of that and a lot of other things, right? 
And a lot of us -- and I suspect, especially a lot of us in this room -- deal with them by just becoming perfect little A students, perfectionists, over-achievers. 
So we just insist that we're right, because it makes us feel smart and responsible and virtuous and safe. 
And when you feel that way, you've got a problem to solve, which is, how are you going to explain all of those people who disagree with you? 
It turns out, most of us explain those people the same way, by resorting to a series of unfortunate assumptions. 
It's like we want to imagine that our minds are just these perfectly translucent windows and we just gaze out of them and describe the world as it unfolds. 
We can remember the past, and we can think about the future, and we can imagine what it's like to be some other person in some other place. 
Last year, for various reasons, I found myself listening to a lot of episodes of the Public Radio show This American Life. 
And Hosni Mubarak thought he was going to be the dictator of Egypt for the rest of his life, until he got too old or too sick and could pass the reigns of power onto his son. 
We come up with another idea. 
She uses smart boards, she blogs, she Tweets, she does Facebook, she does all this sort of high-tech stuff. 
And we'd come in from playing, he'd come in from plowing and working, and we'd sit around that table every night. 
It reminds me of what goes on around an empty space sometimes." 
The project I'm going to tell you about is called the World Peace Game, and essentially it is also an empty space. 
And I'd like to think of it as a 21st century wisdom table, really. 
And she cleared such a space that I endeavored from then on to clear a space for my students, an empty space, whereby they could create and make meaning out of their own understanding. 
The kids make up the names of the countries -- some are rich; some are poor. 
I throw them into this complex matrix, and they trust me because we have a deep, rich relationship together. 
And so with all these crises, we have -- let's see -- ethnic and minority tensions; we have chemical and nuclear spills, nuclear proliferation. 
Fourth-graders understand it -- nine years old -- and they handle that and use that to understand how to, not follow -- at first they do -- the paths to power and destruction, the path to war. 
 JH: My question to you is, who's in charge of that classroom? 
There's a trust and an understanding and a dedication to an ideal that I simply don't have to do what I thought I had to do as a beginning teacher: control every conversation and response in the classroom. 
But come to find out, a few game days later -- and there are turns where we take negotiation from a team -- actually there's a negotiation period with all teams, and each team takes a turn, then we go back in negotiation, around and around, so each turn around is one game day. 
So a few game days later it came to light that we found out this major country was planning a military offensive to dominate the entire world. 
Now she used a small war to avert a larger war, so we stopped and had a very good philosophical discussion about whether that was right, conditional good, or not right. 
If you're a military commander and you wage troops -- the little plastic toys on the board -- and you lose them, I put in a letter. 
And so we had this situation come up -- last summer actually, at Agnor-Hurt School in Albemarle County -- and one of our military commanders got up to read that letter and one of the other kids said, "Mr. Hunter, let's ask -- there's a parent over there." 
I mean, we've been lucky [most of] the time. 
We have a lot of data, but I think sometimes we go beyond data with the real truth of what's going on. 
And they find out what is right their own way, their own selves. 
And so in this game, I've learned so much from it, but I would say that if only they could pick up a critical thinking tool or creative thinking tool and leverage something good for the world, they may save us all. 
All the theories in physics that we have today properly explain what is called normal matter -- the stuff that we're all made of -- and that's four percent of the universe. 
They have to drill holes in the ice, dive down into the water -- cold, cold water -- to get hold of the instrument, bring it up, do any repairs and maintenance that they need to do, put it back and get out before the ice melts. 
Each mirror, there are four of them, is made of a single piece of glass, a monolithic piece of high-tech ceramic, that has been ground down and polished to such accuracy that the only way to understand what that is is [to] imagine a city like Paris, with all its buildings and the Eiffel Tower, if you grind down Paris to that kind of accuracy, you would be left with bumps that are one millimeter high. 
The dry air is really good for telescopes, and also, the cloud cover is below the summit of these mountains so that the telescopes have about 300 days of clear skies. 
And you barely might be able to make out this hut here. 
What I want you to imagine is this is two tons in weight. 
 Radio: Okay, release the balloon, release the balloon, release the balloon. 
There aren't a lot of good words for the concepts we're going to talk about. 
A lot of times, these trade-offs are about more than just security, and I think that's really important. 
One way to think of it is that we're highly optimized for risk decisions that are endemic to living in small family groups in the East African highlands in 100,000 B.C. 
A lot of good experiments in this. 
And you can see certain biases that come up again and again. 
So you can imagine how that works. 
If you hear a lot about tiger attacks, there must be a lot of tigers around. 
You don't hear about lion attacks, there aren't a lot of lions around. 
And the result is that feeling and reality get out of whack, they get different. 
If economics, if the market, drives security, based on the feeling of security, then the smart thing for companies to do for the economic incentives are to make people feel secure. 
But in a modern and complex world, you need models to understand a lot of the risks we face. 
We couldn't have a germ theory of disease before we invented the microscope to see them. 
He had some very complex models of how to survive. 
Think of models of terrorism, child kidnapping, airline safety, car safety. 
The two I'm following are surveillance cameras, ID cards, quite a lot of our computer security models come from there. 
A lot of models come from science. 
Think of cancer, of bird flu, swine flu, SARS. 
So an example might be, if you go back 100 years ago when electricity was first becoming common, there were a lot of fears about it. 
I mean, there were people who were afraid to push doorbells, because there was electricity in there, and that was dangerous. 
Or think of the risks on the Internet across generations -- how your parents approach Internet security, versus how you do, versus how our kids will. 
When swine flu first appeared, the initial news caused a lot of overreaction. 
And people thought doctors should be able to deal with it. 
So there was that feeling of lack of control. 
And when the vaccine appeared last winter, there were a lot of people -- a surprising number -- who refused to get it -- as a nice example of how people's feelings of security change, how their model changes, sort of wildly with no new information, with no new input. 
I didn't check the airplane. 
Now when these go out of whack, you have two options. 
So we might have -- for the first time in our species -- feeling chases model, model chases reality, reality's moving -- they might never catch up. 
As a homework assignment, think of 10 ways to get around it. 
I've been fascinated by how nature makes materials, and there's a lot of sequence to how they do such an exquisite job. 
Or, what if you could give genetic information to a battery so that it could actually become better as a function of time, and do so in an environmentally friendly way? 
Also, when we think about future technologies, we start with the beginning of Earth. 
There's diatoms made out of SIO2, and they're magnetotactic bacteria that make small, single-domain magnets used for navigation. 
  And later in a lecture that he gave on clean energy, he pulled it out and said, "And people at MIT, they give out periodic tables." 
We engineered a virus to pick up carbon nanotubes. 
We've been able to engineer viruses to pick up carbon nanotubes and then grow titanium dioxide around them -- and use as a way of getting electrons through the device. 
And what we've found is through genetic engineering, we can actually increase the efficiencies of these solar cells to record numbers for these types of dye-sensitized systems. 
So I hope that I've convinced you that there's a lot of great, interesting things to be learned and taking it the next step to see if you can force, or whether you can take advantage of how nature makes materials, to make things that nature hasn't yet dreamed of making. 
And anything you see in the book, you can pick up with two fingers and lift off the page and open up. 
Mike Matas: And so throughout the whole book, Al Gore will walk you through and explain the photos. 
And so you can start reading on your iPad in your living room and then pick up where you left off on the iPhone. 
CA: So you want to license this software to publishers to make books as beautiful as that?  All right. Mike, thanks so much. 
But you know, when there is a political churning of society, it unleashes a lot of energy. 
It was a very small village -- a weekly bazaar where people, just once in a week, they put in all the vats. 
When you pump in air in a bicycle, you use a bit of this. 
And some of these models -- so you take a bit of this cycle valve tube, you can put two matchsticks inside this, and you make a flexible joint. 
If you take a smaller paper, you make a smaller flexagon. 
  And when you get a very small one --  This is what the kids teach you. You can also do this. 
If I spin this pulley, the small one's going to spin much faster. 
So this is a small crank generator. 
And imagine a bunch of kids standing in a circle and just waiting for the steel ring to be passed on. 
Well in the end, what we can also do: we use a lot of old newspapers to make caps. 
Well in the end, I'll just end with a story. 
"Wear all your colorful clothes and sing and dance, and I'll provide you with good food and drinks." 
We were afraid of what our country was going to do in the name of our son -- my husband, Orlando, and I and our family. 
And a couple of weeks later when Zacarias Moussaoui was indicted on six counts of conspiracy to commit terrorism, and the U.S. government called for a death penalty for him, if convicted, my husband and I spoke out in opposition to that, publicly. 
When I saw Aicha in the media, coming over when her son was indicted, and I thought, "What a brave woman. 
PR: I would like to say that I have learned so much from Aicha, starting with that day we had our very first meeting with other family members -- which was a very private meeting with security, because it was November 2002, and, frankly, we were afraid of the super-patriotism of that time in the country -- those of us family members. 
And I think it's all about being afraid of the other, but making that step and then realizing, "Hey, this wasn't so hard. 
You have to fight against violence. 
So as a fashion designer, I've always tended to think of materials something like this, or this, or maybe this. 
But then I met a biologist, and now I think of materials like this -- green tea, sugar, a few microbes and a little time. 
We need to check that the temperature has cooled to below 30 degrees C. 
And in fact, cotton would take up to 18 dips in indigo to achieve a color this dark. 
Possibly a good performance piece, but definitely not ideal for everyday wear. 
But with synthetic biology, we can actually imagine engineering this bacterium to produce something that gives us the quality, quantity and shape of material that we desire. 
Obviously, as a designer, that's really exciting because then I start to think, wow, we could actually imagine growing consumable products. 
But I do think it could be quite a smart and sustainable addition Ultimately, maybe it won't even be fashion where we see these microbes have their impact. 
We could, for example, imagine growing a lamp, a chair, a car or maybe even a house. 
The universe is really big. 
And you have to imagine doing that squeezing without any imperfections, without any little spots where there were a few more atoms than somewhere else. 
A high entropy arrangement is one that there are many arrangements that look that way. 
This is a crucially important insight because it helps us explain the second law of thermodynamics -- or in some isolated bit of the universe. 
Boltzmann explained that if you start with low entropy, it's very natural for it to increase because there's more ways to be high entropy. 
What he didn't explain was why the entropy was ever low in the first place. 
In every one of these books, every one of these sets of lectures, he emphasized this puzzle: Why did the early universe have such a small entropy? 
If you come back a billion years later and look at it again, it will be moving away faster. 
Unlike the low entropy of the early universe, even though we don't know the answer for this, we at least have a good theory that can explain it, if that theory is right, and that's the theory of dark energy. 
But if there's dark energy, and the dark energy does not go away, the universe is just going to keep expanding forever and ever and ever. 
Finally, empty space has a temperature. 
A precisely similar calculation by Hawking and Gary Gibbons showed that if you have dark energy in empty space, then the whole universe radiates. 
The energy of empty space brings to life quantum fluctuations. 
And so even though the universe will last forever, and ordinary matter and radiation will dilute away, there will always be some radiation, some thermal fluctuations, even in empty space. 
So it's not that entropy must always increase -- you can get fluctuations into lower entropy, more organized situations. 
So if you imagine a very, very big universe, an infinitely big universe, with randomly bumping into each other particles, there will occasionally be small fluctuations in the lower entropy states, and then they relax back. 
Even if you imagine that this room we are in now exists and is real and here we are, and we have, not only our memories, but our impression that outside there's something called Caltech and the United States and the Milky Way Galaxy, it's much easier for all those impressions to randomly fluctuate into your brain than for them actually to randomly fluctuate into Caltech, the United States and the galaxy. 
If our order were due to a fluctuation, we would not expect order anywhere but where we have just noticed it. 
If the dark energy remains around, the stars around us will use up their nuclear fuel, they will stop burning. 
They will evaporate, and we will be left with nothing but empty space. 
That empty space lasts essentially forever. 
However, you notice, since empty space gives off radiation, there's actually thermal fluctuations, and it cycles around all the different possible combinations of the degrees of freedom that exist in empty space. 
Why aren't we in empty space? 
Or maybe the Big Bang is not the beginning of the universe. 
We will all believe that our little universe is just a small part of a much larger multiverse. 
And even better, we will understand what happened at the Big Bang in terms of a theory that we will be able to compare to observations. 
I've been filming time-lapse flowers 24 hours a day, seven days a week, To watch them move is a dance I'm never going to get tired of. 
Rarely seen by the naked eye, this intersection between the animal world and the plant world is truly a magic moment. 
I hope you'll drink, tweet and plant some seeds to pollinate a friendly garden. 
Please enjoy. 
And he was so full, he was so happy and so fat eating this seal, that, as I approached him -- about 20 feet away -- to get this picture, his only defense was to keep eating more seal. 
And here's a picture of sick ice. 
And I've come up, and all I wanted to do was get out of the water. 
After an hour in these conditions, it's so extreme that, when I go down, almost every dive I vomit into my regulator because my body can't deal with the stress of the cold on my head. 
And so I'm just so happy that the dive is over. 
And when you have low productivity in this, in ice, the productivity in copepods go down. 
But they're forcing themselves to come up in these tiny little ice holes where they can breathe, catch a breath, because right under that ice are all the swarms of cod. 
They look positively prehistoric and a bit scary. 
And that's when I got a story idea: I want to go to Antarctica, get in the water with as many leopard seals as I possibly can and give them a fair shake -- find out if they really are these vicious animals, or if they're misunderstood. 
Oh, and they also happen to eat Happy Feet. 
And he has a lot of experience with leopard seals. I have never seen one. 
He said, "If you get scared, you close your eyes, ya, and she'll go away." 
Why else would she release these penguins at me? 
This material actually has some traits that make it seem almost too good to be true. 
In fact, this material you see is clear and transparent. 
The silk worm does a remarkable thing: it uses these two ingredients, protein and water, that are in its gland, to make a material that is exceptionally tough for protection -- so comparable to technical fibers like Kevlar. 
So once you have these attributes of this material, then you can do a lot of things. 
And so the material can assume a lot of formats. 
You can imagine that then maybe you can use a pure protein to guide light, and so we've made optical fibers. 
And you can think of different formats. 
So for instance, if you're afraid of going to the doctor and getting stuck with a needle, we do microneedle arrays. 
You can do gears and nuts and bolts -- that you can buy at Whole Foods. 
So you think of alternative mechanical parts. 
It's edible, so you can do smart packaging around food that you can cook with the food. 
So I used to embark on these imaginary journeys to find intergalactic objects from planet Krypton, which was a lot of fun, but didn't yield much result. 
Smiling can help reduce the level of stress-enhancing hormones like cortisol, adrenaline and dopamine, increase the level of mood-enhancing hormones like endorphins, and reduce overall blood pressure. 
Richard Feynman was a very complex man. 
But the man had somehow a lot of room at the bottom. 
And what I mean by that is a lot of room, in my case -- I can't speak for anybody else -- but in my case, a lot of room for another big ego. 
We never published a paper together, but we did have a lot of fun. 
But when he didn't win, when he lost, he would laugh and seem to have just as much fun as if he had won. 
He told me this story, and he was really happy and laughing. 
What Feynman hated worse than anything else was intellectual pretense -- phoniness, false sophistication, jargon. 
Being Dick, he, of course, wanted to check this. 
Style makes you think of the bow tie he might have worn or the suit he was wearing. 
There's something much deeper than that, but I can't think of another word for it. 
Feynman's scientific style was always to look for the simplest, most elementary solution to a problem that was possible. 
But he also deeply believed, he truly believed, that if you couldn't explain something simply you didn't understand it. 
He had an idea, a very clear idea. 
He would try to visualize it, The small number of simple principles were very, very simple. 
So he sat down -- and I imagine he had nothing more than a simple piece of paper and a pencil -- and he tried to write down, and did write down, the simplest function that he could think of which had the boundary conditions that the wave function vanish when things touch and is smooth in between. 
It was so simple, in fact, that I suspect a really smart high school student, who didn't even have calculus, could understand what he wrote down. 
Just think of the proton as an assemblage of little particles -- a swarm of little particles." 
He said, "Just think of it as a swarm of partons moving real fast." 
You just get to think of it as a population of frozen partons. 
Now the brain may not look like much from the outside -- a couple pounds of pinkish-gray flesh, amorphous -- but the last hundred years of neuroscience have allowed us to zoom in on the brain, and to see the intricacy of what lies within. 
Now unlike a human-designed computer, where there's a fairly small number of different parts -- we know how they work, because we humans designed them -- the brain is made out of thousands of different kinds of cells, maybe tens of thousands. 
They come in different shapes; they're made out of different molecules. 
And they project and connect to different brain regions, and they also change different ways in different disease states. 
There's a class of cells, a fairly small cell, an inhibitory cell, that quiets its neighbors. 
Ideally, we could go through the circuit and turn these different kinds of cell on and off and see whether we could figure out which ones contribute to certain functions and which ones go wrong in certain pathologies. 
You can think of them as little proteins that are like solar cells. 
And just as one example of the kind of thing you can do, you can take a complex network, use one of these viruses to deliver the gene just to one kind of cell in this dense network. 
And when the light turns off, these cells go back to normal, so they don't seem to be averse against that. 
So if we could figure out what cells they are, we could maybe find new targets for which drugs could be designed or screened against, or maybe places where electrodes could be put in for people who have very severe disability. 
So this animation just tries to explain this concept where we made these cells sensitive to being turned off with light, and we beam light in, and just for the time it takes to shut down a seizure, we're hoping to be able to turn it off. 
And the retina, of course, is a complex structure. 
It's not even clear that a drug could cause this to be restored, because there's nothing for the drug to bind to. 
It's a six-arm maze. And there's a bit of water in the maze to motivate the mouse to move, or he'll just sit there. 
And the goal, of course, of this maze is to get out of the water and go to a little platform that's under the lit top port. 
And so we're being careful in trying to look at these different models so we come up with a generalized approach. 
And to point out the power of this: these animals are able to get to that platform just as fast as animals that have seen their entire lives. 
To close, I want to point out that we're also exploring new business models for this new field of neurotechnology. 
When I was growing up, I was exposed to making and crafts and materials and invention on a small scale. 
And there on the smaller scale, the scale of an earring or a ceramic pot or a musical instrument, was a materiality and a soulfulness. 
I spent a lot of time counting beads and things like that. 
And so we've been very lucky to have a chance to work. 
Because the DNA of the dinosaur that was trapped in the amber gave us some kind of clue that these tiny things could be trapped and be made to seem precious, rather than looking like nuts. 
And then, you know when a pet has an operation and they shave a bit of the skin and get rid of the fur -- in order to get you to go into the seed cathedral, in effect, we've shaved it. 
And there was a lot of terror. 
So if we could chop that away and give the building a small bottom, we could take that bit and put it at the top where the greater commercial value is for a property developer. 
Waterproofing the building was a bit crazy. 
Now most of the time, you think of pain as a symptom of a disease, and that's true most of the time. 
Now, I want you to imagine that I'm stroking it with this. 
Please keep your seat. 
In fact, imagine something even worse. 
But in Chandler's case, that was the beginning of the story. 
The muscles were frozen, paralyzed -- dystonic is how we refer to that. 
Well you probably imagine that the nervous system in the body is hardwired like your house. 
So people imagine the nervous system is just like that. 
There's a lot of animals that use this trick, for example this black dragonfish. 
It's got a lot of other light organs you can't see, but you'll see in here in a minute. 
For example, this shrimp releases its bioluminescent chemicals into the water just the way a squid or an octopus would release an ink cloud. 
Now it may look like a tasty morsel, or a pig's head with wings --  but if it's attacked, it puts out a barrage of light -- in fact, a barrage of photon torpedoes. 
So there's a lot of animals in the open ocean -- most of them that make light. 
 So there's a language of light in the deep ocean, and we're just beginning to understand it, and one way we're going about that is we're imitating a lot of these displays. 
There's something small there that responds. 
But if it had been following the odor plume, it would have come in from the other direction. 
And it does actually seem to be trying to eat the electronic jellyfish. 
But if it's a burglar alarm, you wouldn't expect it to attack the jellyfish directly. 
And then he goes away for a few seconds to think about it some more, and thinks, "Maybe if I come in from a different angle." 
But if you do take the plunge, please remember to turn out the lights. 
Now, in keeping with today's theme, I'd like to point out -- something you already know -- that sometimes a small advantage someplace in life can yield tremendous results someplace else.  Live long and prosper. 
You can see some of the chaos that's happening in New York with the air traffic controllers having to deal with all those major airports next to each other. 
And I collected a lot, a lot of different sheep. 
I took the first 10,000 sheep that I collected, and I put them on a website called TheSheepMarket.com where you can actually buy collections of 20 sheep. 
You can't pick individual sheep, but you can buy a single plate block of stamps as a commodity. 
I think there's something really interesting to watching people as they go through this creative toil -- something we can all relate to, this creative process of trying to come up with something from nothing. 
And there's a lot of reasons why I chose sheep. 
Obviously, we think of sheep as followers. 
This is what it would look like if you went to the site. 
Collaborator Six: Watching the video in my room, I could see me not understanding at the beginning of it. 
You can actually see the point when I know what I'm doing, and a lot of light and dark comes into it. 
But most importantly, I think, we really wanted to make an experience that was unlike the Johnny Cash Project, where you had a small group of people spending a lot of time to contribute something for everyone. 
And as we collect more and more personally and socially relevant data, we have an opportunity, and maybe even an obligation, to maintain the humanity and tell some amazing stories Thanks a lot. 
Actually, it's a really big idea. 
But to get us started, I want to ask if everyone could just close your eyes for two seconds and try and think of a technology or a bit of science that you think has changed the world. 
This disease was terrifying. 
The disease was so terrifying that the president of the United States launched an extraordinary national effort to find a way to stop it. 
Because I thought that had been eradicated in the way that smallpox had been eradicated. 
And this is the reason: in two countries that hadn't had this disease for more than probably a decade, on opposite sides of the globe, there was suddenly terrible polio outbreaks. 
We're not trying to get it down to just a few cases, because this disease is like a root fire; it can explode again if you don't snuff it out completely. 
We want a world in which every child, just like you guys, can take for granted a polio-free world. 
And this is because disease eradication, it's still the venture capital of public health. 
One congressman here in the United States thinks that the entire investment that the U.S. put into smallpox eradication pays itself off every 26 days -- in foregone treatment costs and vaccination costs. 
But smallpox eradication was hard; it was very, very hard. 
The first is that, when we started trying to eradicate polio about 20 years ago, more than twice as many countries were infected than had been when we started off with smallpox. 
But the third challenge we have -- and probably even bigger one, the biggest challenge -- is that, in contrast to smallpox where you could always see your enemy -- every single person almost who was infected with smallpox had this telltale rash. 
So you could get around the disease; you could vaccinate around the disease and cut it off. 
So you can't see the enemy most of the time, and as a result, we've needed a very different approach to eradicate polio than what was done with smallpox. 
And at the same time, the polio eradication program has been working to help with a lot of other areas. 
So things were looking very exciting, and then about five years ago, this virus, this ancient virus, started to fight back. 
The first problem we ran into was that, in these last four countries, the strongholds of this virus, we just couldn't seem to get the virus rooted out. 
And then to make the matters even worse, the virus started to spread out of these four places, especially northern India and northern Nigeria, into much of Africa, Asia, and even into Europe, causing horrific outbreaks in places that had not seen this disease for decades. 
Let's settle for control -- that's good enough." 
The brutal truth is, if we don't have the will or the skill, or even the money that we need to reach children, the most vulnerable children in the world, with something as simple as an oral polio vaccine, then pretty soon, more than 200,000 children are again going to be paralyzed by this disease every single year. 
And so when the going got really tough in the polio eradication program about two years ago, when people were saying, "We should call it off," the Polio Partnership decided to buckle down once again and try and find innovative new solutions, new ways to get to the children that we were missing again and again. 
And now they've even started using these devices -- speaking of cool technology -- these little devices, little GIS trackers like this, which they put into the vaccine carriers of their vaccinators. 
Ladies and gentlemen, with a combination of smart people, smart technology and smart investments, polio can now be eradicated anywhere. 
Finishing polio is a smart thing to do, and it's the right thing to do. 
Now we're in tough times economically. 
Help us build the momentum so that very soon every child, every parent everywhere can also take for granted a polio-free life forever. 
So the tough ones: going to get the top of Nigeria finished and getting Pakistan finished. 
They're going to be the tough ones. 
It sounds like a lot of money; it is a lot of money. 
And that great buy costs us a little bit more. 
On the dark side, politics doesn't seem to escape people like me. 
From the fact that they are only serving one audience, mainly the Western culture. 
I came mainly to be reunited with my family and to reconnect in a way that I found my place in the society. 
So I made a group of work that at once faced my own personal questions in life, and yet it brought my work into a larger discourse -- the subject of martyrdom, the question of those who willingly stand in that intersection of love of God, faith, but violence and crime and cruelty. 
My obsession with this book, and the reason I made this into a film, is because it at once was addressing the question of being a female -- traditionally, historically in Iran -- and the question of four women who are all looking for an idea of change, freedom and democracy -- while the country of Iran, equally, as if another character, also struggled for an idea of freedom and democracy 
That all of you seem to remember Iran after the Islamic Revolution. 
It brought a lot of attention to all those Iranians who stand for basic human rights and struggle for democracy. 
They have broken every rule in the smallest and the biggest way. 
Because many scholars who study the history of Islamic thought -- Muslim scholars or Westerners -- think that actually the practice of dividing men and women physically came as a later development in Islam, as Muslims adopted some preexisting cultures and traditions of the Middle East. 
So what might look like a problem within Islamic faith might turn out to be a tradition that Muslims have subscribed to. 
These things which make Islamic Law, the troubling aspects of Islamic Law, were later developed into later interpretations of Islam. 
So Islamism is the problematic idea that really created a lot of problems in the 20th century Islamic world. 
So Europe is not just an example now to emulate; it's an enemy to fight and to resist. 
In 1950, Turkey had the first free and fair elections, which ended the more autocratic secular regime, which was the beginning of Turkey. 
Secondly, in the past two decades, thanks to globalization, thanks to the market economy, thanks to the rise of a middle-class, we in Turkey see what I define as a rebirth of Islamic modernism. 
And thanks to that, Turkey has been able to reasonably create a success story in which Islam and the most pious understandings of Islam have become part of the democratic game, and even contributes to the democratic and economic advance of the country. 
We are Muslim believers, but we want to be living as free people in free societies." 
So to test this crazy idea, we developed a small dune buggy prototype vehicle to test the feasibility. 
The system is also smart enough to figure out the safest way to operate the car. 
The computer tells you how to drive -- turn left, turn right, speed up, stop. 
So think of it as a monitor for the blind. 
So it's a small tablet, has many holes in it, and compressed air comes out, so it can actually draw images. 
  Dennis Hong: I'm so happy for you. 
In that year, what I did do a lot was look at all sorts of surveys, looking at a lot of data on this subject. 
That if you live in the best climate, in San Diego in the United States, or in the shittiest climate, in Buffalo, New York, you are going to be just as happy in either place. 
If you make more than 50,000 bucks a year in the U.S., any salary increase you're going to experience will have only a tiny, tiny influence on your overall well-being. 
So now the woman on the right is actually much happier than the guy on the left -- meaning that, if you have a lot of friends, and you have meaningful friendships, that does make a lot of difference. 
I, of course, and all of us, are very much in charge of these big decisions in our lives. 
If I make this whole thing a little bit more personal and see what makes me happy as a designer, the easiest answer, of course, is do more of the stuff that I like to do and much less of the stuff that I don't like to do -- for which it would be helpful to know what it is that I actually do like to do. 
Quite consciously, design projects that need an incredible amount of various techniques, just basically to fight straightforward adaptation. 
We have a lot of data, so we have a lot of power. 
♫ Dum da ta da dum ♫ ♫ Dum da ta da dum ♫ ♫ Da ta da da ♫ That's a lot of power. 
I think about World War II -- some of our great technologists then, some of our great physicists, studying nuclear fission and fusion -- just nuclear stuff. 
You'd think with a bunch of smart people we wouldn't be such suckers just for the pretty phones. 
And Plato, he had a lot of the same concerns that we did. 
But he was worried that all we seem to be doing is trading opinions about this. 
If you don't think that way, well, you have a lot of company in the history of Western philosophy, because the tidy idea, you know, people criticized it. 
Suppose I go up and I say, "I'm going to take your phone." 
And the response to that is that we demand the exercise of thinking from every sane person. 
Every person in this room do this: think of the last time you had a decision to make where you were worried to do the right thing, where you wondered, "What should I be doing?" 
Bring that to mind, and now reflect on that and say, "How did I come up that decision? 
Go find a friend and explain to them how you made that decision. 
We have found a lot of evidence from when they were juveniles to when they were adults. 
The appearance of them would have been different -- which it is in all social animals. 
And everybody's happy about that. 
 And they're happy over and over again. 
And they're in what appear to be the blood channels that go through the bone. 
And out in eastern Montana there's a lot of space, a lot of badlands, and not very many people, and so you can go out there and find a lot of stuff. 
And we did find a lot of stuff. 
We found a lot of Tyrannosaurs, but we found one special Tyrannosaur, and we called it B-rex. 
There were flexible, clear blood vessels. 
  But the sixth-graders demand it. 
And they obviously make a lot of money off of them. 
Its shape was too complex now. 
And what happens when people try to assemble themselves back into life, because of our taboos around suicide, we're not sure what to say, and so quite often we say nothing. 
And when I met Harriet in person the next year at the TED Conference, she'd gone online and ordered our own happy Haplotype T-shirts. 
And one of the major things we can do we've talked a bit about here today is moving the curve to the left. 
where you can pee on a little chip connected to your iPhone and check yourself for an STD. 
And now we can see inside of the brain with a resolution and ability that was never before available, and essentially learn how to reconstruct, and maybe even re-engineer, or backwards engineer, the brain so we can better understand pathology, disease and therapy. 
The scanners for these are getting small, less expensive and more portable. 
So I want you to imagine when in a couple of years, when we've started to apply this cloud-based information, when we really have the A.I. physician and leverage our brains to connectivity to make decisions and diagnostics at a level never done. 
We're now in the era of virtual visits -- from sort of the Skype-type visits you can do with American Well, to Cisco that's developed a very complex health presence system. 
So imagine we already have wireless scales. 
Consumers now can buy basically hundred-dollar devices, like this little FitBit. 
There's even mirrors today that can pick up your pulse rate. 
Probably in a few years, you'll check into your mirror and it's going to be diagnosing you. 
And these devices are getting smaller and going into more and more of these patients. 
Still in clinical trials, but imagine when we can connect these, for example, to the amazing bionic limb, such as the DEKA Arm built by Dean Kamen and colleagues, which has 17 degrees of motion and freedom and can allow the person who's lost a limb to have much higher levels of dexterity or control than they've had in the past. 
But the trend in medicine actually is to get exponentially smaller. 
We get into even smaller micro-robots that will eventually autonomously move through your system again and be able to do things that surgeons can't do in a much less invasive manner. 
On the cardiac side, pacemakers are getting smaller and much easier to place so you don't need to train an interventional cardiologist to place them. 
Here's one that's in prototyping by Medtronic that's smaller than a penny. 
If we go down the small pathway a little bit farther, we're entering the era of nanomedicine, the ability to make devices super small to the point where we can design red blood cells or microrobots that will monitor our blood system or immune system, or even those that might clear out the clots from our arteries. 
And by looking at the patterns, for example, in our blood of 10,000 biomarkers in a single test, we can start to look at these little patterns and detect disease at a much earlier stage. 
We've learned at Stanford and other places that we can discover cancer stem cells, the ones that seem to be really responsible for disease relapse. 
So if you think of cancer as a weed, we often can whack the weed away. 
And that makes me really sad because I'm sick and tired of things not working. 
You know, I'm sick and tired of us not living up to our potential. 
I'm sick and tired of us being last. 
And this is despite the fact that everybody knows that small business is the engine of economies. 
So I think it should be really, really clear that our system is broken. 
She passes that virus on to baby, and it takes a really, really, really long time -- as the redwood trees -- for that serious meme to get out of our operating system. 
We create robotic workers that we treat like assets, to lever and just throw away. 
I'm the boss and I know better than you. 
Well I'm going to say no. 
It's been shown to promote pre-frontal cortex development where a lot of cognition is happening. 
Little exercise just for a second: close your eyes and try to imagine a world without play. 
What does this world look like? 
Now imagine your workplace. 
"Oh, my colleagues see me laughing. I must not have enough work," or, "Oh, I've got to hide because my boss might see me. 
It provides a sense of purpose and mastery -- two key motivational things that increase productivity, through play. 
And when customers call for service and they're dealing with happy people that can make decisions and are fulfilled, how do the customers feel? They feel great. 
They buy more of your service and they tell more of their friends, which leads to more profit. 
When I got there, we had zero happy customers. 
I care that your customer and your team is happy and you're organized with that. 
Through promoting fun and a great environment, and, in just three short years -- sounds like a long time, but change is slow -- every customer, from zero to every customer referring us, above average profits for the industry and happy stakeholders. 
Well we did win, every year that we entered, one of the rankings for best employer for small business. 
Because it's by challenging the way things are always done is that we are able to break out of the rut that we're in and create innovative solutions to problems of today. 
Imagining a solo cello concert, one would most likely think of Johann Sebastian Bach unaccompanied cello suites. 
We've been surrounded by images of space our whole lives, from the speculative images of science fiction to the inspirational visions of artists made possible by complex technologies. 
How many of you here could describe the sound of a single planet or star? 
 So my artistic practice is all about listening to the weird and wonderful noises emitted by the magnificent celestial objects that make up our universe. 
The line carried the telephone signals that would later make Bell a household name. 
But the medium is lossy -- it's subject to a lot of noise and interference. 
So Bell employed an engineer to study those noises, to try and find out where they came from, with a view towards building the perfect hardware codec, which would get rid of them so they could think about using radio for the purposes of telephony. 
So our story ends at the beginning -- the beginning of all things, the Big Bang. 
And secondly, because what I'm going to say is true, and it will make a lot of people nervous because it's something we don't want to hear. 
It's like someone who has a serious illness and pretends it's the flu and it will just go away. 
Many people in Mexico are afraid today. 
This vicious circle ends up with the whole population stuck inside their houses, scared to death -- even more afraid than when we were out on the streets. 
His brothers, Benjamín and Julián, got together with the rest of the community to think of the best course of action: to pay the ransom, to take up arms and go after the kidnappers or to ask the government for help. 
In the end, Benjamín and Julián decided the best thing they could do was to organize the community and act together. 
Seven days later, Eric was set free and was able to return home. 
This is a call so that every single thing we love about Mexico -- the festivals, the markets, the restaurants, the cantinas, the tequila, the mariachis, the serenades, the posadas, El Grito, the Day of the Dead, San Miguel, the joy, the passion for life, the fight and everything it means to be Mexican -- doesn't disappear from this world. 
The battle is won, but we still have to fight it. 
Now imagine archeologists digging through the rubble of one of our cities. 
Given that it was such a vast civilization, you might expect to find really powerful rulers, kings, and huge monuments glorifying these powerful kings. 
They've found small objects such as these. 
And the proponents of this theory point to that small pocket of Dravidian-speaking people in the North, actually near Afghanistan, and they say that perhaps, sometime in the past, Dravidian languages were spoken all over India and that this suggests that the Indus civilization is perhaps also Dravidian. 
And I'd like to describe some of the results that we have found. 
There's a lot of text that start with this diamond-shaped symbol. 
So imagine a monkey sitting at a keyboard. 
But just imagine it's a really random jumble of letters. 
And that would explain why we have these strange patterns that are very different from the kinds of patterns you see in the text that are found within the Indus Valley. 
What would we find out about them? About us? 
And so a few years ago -- fours years ago, actually -- I set out to say, is there a way we can communicate science and technique and wonder? 
The idea here is to explain what happens when you steam broccoli. 
Then each of the different little pieces around it explain some fact. 
One is you can actually explain what happens when you steam broccoli. 
Well, that first cutaway picture worked, so we said, "Okay, let's do some more." 
The point of this cutaway is to show people a view of hamburgers they haven't seen before and to explain the physics of hamburgers and the chemistry of hamburgers, because, believe it or not, there is something to the physics and chemistry -- in particular, those flames underneath the burger. 
Most of the characteristic char-grilled taste doesn't come from the wood or the charcoal. 
So it's the fat that drips down and flares up that causes the characteristic taste. 
In addition to cutaways, we also explain physics. 
It's a little couple paragraphs to explain why we call that unit of heat the watt, and where he got his inspiration. 
Now watch closely. This is popcorn. I'll explain it here. 
And because people watch Mythbusters and CSI, I thought, well, let's put in a recipe for a ballistics gelatin. 
Well, if you have a high-speed camera, and you have a block of ballistics gelatin lying around, pretty soon somebody does this. 
They take an enormous amount of energy and a lot of resources. 
There are markings on many plants that look like other insects. 
Now you can imagine that if nectar is such a valuable thing and expensive for the plant to produce and it attracts lots of pollinators, then, just as in human sex, people might start to deceive. 
They might say, "I've got a bit of nectar. Do you want to come and get it?" 
So not only has the fly not got the nectar from the mimic plant, it's also -- if you look very closely just at the head end, you can see that it's got a bit of pollen that it would be transmitting to another plant, if only some botanist hadn't come along and stuck it to a blue piece of card. 
This flower with its black dots: they might look like black dots to us, but if I tell you, to a male insect of the right species, that looks like two females who are really, really hot to trot. 
I think of it as insidium sometimes. 
This is a flower that really, really smells pretty nasty and is designed, again, evolved, to look like carrion. 
They lay their eggs in it, thinking it's a nice bit of carrion, and not realizing that there's no food for the eggs, that the eggs are going to die, but the plant, meanwhile, has benefited, because the bristles release and the flies disappear to pollinate the next flower -- fantastic. 
They drink this fabulous nectar and then they're all a bit sticky. 
So instead of having starch, which is the food of plants, it takes something rather similar to brown fat and burns it at such a rate that it's burning fat, metabolizing, about the rate of a small cat. 
This is what it looks like if you take out the red. 
And just as flowers spend a lot of effort trying to get pollinators to do their bidding, they've also somehow managed to persuade us to plant great fields full of them and give them to each other at times of birth and death, and particularly at marriage, which, when you think of it, is the moment that encapsulates the transfer of genetic material from one organism to another. 
Now to put this into a broader context, I want you to imagine that you are an eternal alien watching the Earth from outer space, and your favorite show on intergalactic satellite television is the Earth channel, and your favorite show is the Human Show. 
The World Health Organization tells us that depression is the number one disease on Earth in terms of years lived with disability. 
I discovered during my recovery the third leading cause of death amongst teenagers is suicide. 
I felt empty and full, hot and cold, euphoric and depressed because the brain is the world's first fully functional quantum computer; it can occupy multiple states at the same time. 
Up to 30 percent of the population have a disorder, disease or dysfunction in the jaw that affects the entire body. 
If that sounds like a very, very strange thing to say and rather a bold statement -- How can the jaw affect the entire body? -- let me simply point out to you, if I ask you tomorrow to put one grain of sand between your teeth and go for a nice long walk, how far would you last before you had to remove that grain of sand? 
It has been simulated and tested to endure in the body corrosion-free for over 80 years. 
And the following morning, my mother came to explain that I'd not always been in this bed, in this room, that I'd been working in film and television and that I had been in a crash and that, yes, I was married, but Marcy had been killed instantly in the crash. 
 You know, when I heard Simon's -- please sit down; I just want to talk to him for a second -- when I read his book, I went to LA to meet him. 
I didn't expect that person that I was going to meet to be him. 
This down here, if the camera can see that, that is a small antenna. 
I could tell you the story: this was going to be an abandoned technology, but Alfred Mann met the doctor who was going to retire, [Dr. Schindler.] And he was going to retire -- all the technology was going to be lost, because not a single medical manufacturer would take it on because it was a small issue. 
Alfred Mann has set up this foundation to advance this research because he saw there's no way venture capital would come in for something like this. 
You'd think, there's plenty of paralyzed people in the world, but the audience is too small, and the amount of research, the time it takes, the FDA clearances, the payback time is too long for V.C. to be interested. 
He's done a lot of very cutting-edge science. 
Our enemies shall talk themselves to death, and we will fight them with their own confusion. 
We have a situation where private companies are applying censorship standards that are often quite arbitrary and generally more narrow than the free speech constitutional standards that we have in democracies. 
In a pre-Internet world, sovereignty over our physical freedoms, or lack thereof, was controlled almost entirely by nation-states. 
After all, even the leader of the free world needs a little help from the sultan of Facebookistan if he wants to get reelected next year. 
But overthrowing a government is one thing and building a stable democracy is a bit more complicated. 
But there's been a lot of debate in Tunisia about how to handle this kind of problem. 
In fact, on Twitter, there were a number of people who were supportive of the revolution who said, "Well actually, we do want democracy and free expression, but there is some kinds of speech that need to be off-bounds because it's too violent and it might be destabilizing for our democracy. 
The reality is that even in democratic societies today, we do not have good answers for how you balance the need for security and law enforcement on one hand and protection of civil liberties and free speech on the other in our digital networks. 
In fact, in the United States, whatever you may think of Julian Assange, even people who are not necessarily big fans of his are very concerned about the way in which the United States government and some companies have handled Wikileaks. 
In Russia, they do not generally block the Internet and directly censor websites. 
And what does that look like? 
But it's going to require innovation that's not only going to need to focus on politics, on geopolitics, but it's also going to need to deal with questions of business management, investor behavior, consumer choice and even software design and engineering. 
And these ideas and narratives that bump people across borders are increasingly beginning to affect the way in which people behave. 
If I asked you to think of the ideas of Al-Qaeda, that's something that comes to your mind immediately. 
If I ask you to think of their narratives -- the West being at war with Islam, the need to defend Islam against the West -- these narratives, they come to your mind immediately. 
If I ask you to think of their symbols and their leaders, they come to your mind immediately. 
However, if I ask your minds to focus currently on Pakistan, and I ask you to think of the symbols and the leaders for democracy in Pakistan today, you'll be hard pressed to think beyond perhaps the assassination of Benazir Bhutto. 
When talking about those reasons, let's break down certain preconceptions. 
Is it just about a lack of education? 
Not exclusive to these things, but in addition to them, is propagating a genuine demand for democracy on the ground. 
Whereas Islamists and far-right organizations, for decades, have been building demand for their ideology on the grassroots. 
Mass movements in Pakistan have been represented after the Arab uprisings mainly by organizations claiming for some form of theocracy, rather than for a democratic uprising. 
Because since pre-partition, they've been building demand for their ideology on the ground. 
But without freedom of speech, you can't have free and fair elections. 
So what's needed is those organizations on the ground advocating for the democratic culture itself to create the demand on the ground for this culture. 
Whereas if we start building this demand on the ground on a civilizational level, rather than merely on a political level, a level above politics -- movements that are not political parties, but are rather creating this civilizational demand for this democratic culture. 
What we'll have in the end is this ideal that you see on the slide here -- the ideal that people should vote in an existing democracy, not for a democracy. 
To get to that stage, we genuinely need to start building demand in those societies on the ground. 
And after just a few days, it becomes clear that whatever is causing this illness, marmite is the cure. 
Now you've got to imagine at the moment -- forget this photo, imagine this guy with this long ginger beard and this shock of red hair. 
Now I can describe the symptoms of the God complex very, very easily. 
So the symptoms of the complex are, no matter how complicated the problem, you have an absolutely overwhelming belief that you are infallibly right in your solution. 
And doctors suffer from the God complex a lot. 
Now I'm an economist, I'm not a doctor, but I see the God complex around me all the time in my fellow economists. 
And you know, with the future billions that we've been hearing about, the world is simply far too complex Well let me give you an example. 
And what we learned is Cesar's work is far too good to explain in The New York Times Magazine. 
Five thousand products -- imagine counting every product category in Cesar Hidalgo's data. 
Now imagine doing the same thing for every different type of product on sale in Walmart. 
Now imagine trying to count every different specific product and service such as Tokyo, London or New York. 
This is how complex the economy we've created is. 
This perhaps is why we find the God complex so tempting. 
But the way we solve them is with humility -- to abandon the God complex and to actually use a problem-solving technique that works. 
Now you show me a successful complex system, and I will show you a system that has evolved through trial and error. 
You try out all 10; you keep the one that works best. 
You try out all 10. You keep the one that works best. 
You try out 10 variations on that one. 
It looks a bit like a chess piece -- functions absolutely brilliantly. 
And the moment you step back from the God complex -- let's just try to have a bunch of stuff; let's have a systematic way of determining what's working and what's not -- you can solve your problem. 
It didn't come because you put some incredibly smart person in charge. 
They had the God complex in spades. 
Shut it down at once." 
It turned out to be absolutely instrumental many decades later in proving Fermat's Last Theorem. 
He made a lot of mistakes. 
And in my third year, I started becoming confused because I was Yemeni, but I was also mixing up with a lot of my friends in college. 
So since then I've been the bridge, and a lot of people have walked over me. 
It was very hard at first. 
But with all due respect to all the men, and the older men especially, they did not want me around. 
One of them is the IPI Free Media Pioneer Award. 
If you could please stand up, [unclear]. 
 PM: And we should point out that he works with you as well at the paper. 
But in assuming this responsibility and going about it as you have, you have become a bridge between an older and traditional society and the one that you are now creating at the paper. 
And so along with changing who worked there, you must have come up against another positioning that we always run into, in particular with women, and it has to do with outside image, dress, the veiled woman. 
NA: As you know, the image of a lot of Yemeni women is a lot of black and covered, veiled women. 
And a lot of it is because women are not able, are not free, to show their face to their self. 
A lot of people look up to me. 
A lot of young girls look up to me. 
And this is probably something I'm going to share with you in Western media probably -- and how there's a lot of stereotypes -- thinking of Yemen in one single frame: this is what Yemen is all about. 
A lot of reporters come to Yemen and they want to write a story on Al-Qaeda or terrorism. 
And certainly, when we look at the ways in which we have separated ourselves from others and we've created fear and danger, often from lack of knowledge, lack of real understanding, how do you see the way that the Western press in particular is covering this and all other stories out of the region, but in particular, in your country? 
So it's about the lack of research, basically. 
And here's the street or road leading to this building, which is 730 Nizam block at Allama Iqbal Town. 
So let me just show you a couple of examples of what they used to look like. 
Once you gain access to other people's credit card information, you can just go online and buy whatever you want with this information. 
So the Internet is as if someone would have given free plane tickets to all the online criminals of the world. 
PLC's, these small boxes which have no display, no keyboard, which are programmed, are put in place, and they do their job. 
 I've spent my life defending the Net, and I do feel that if we don't fight online crime, we are running a risk of losing it all. 
The self that I attempted to take out into the world was rejected over and over again. 
I can hardly find the words to describe the peace I felt when I was acting. 
And I honestly believe the key to my success as an actor and my progress as a person has been the very lack of self that used to make me feel so anxious and insecure. 
Imagine what kind of existence we can have if we honor inevitable death of self, appreciate the privilege of life and marvel at what comes next. 
But it's also a fiction. There's a lot of work that went into it after that. 
And if they do that all at once, it's like playing poker and going all in right away. 
You can find these kinds of things wherever you look, once you learn how to look for them. 
Pragmatic Chaos, like all Netflix algorithms, determines, in the end, 60 percent of what movies end up being rented. 
What would it look like? 
So if you were an algorithm, you'd look for an architect like the one that I met in Frankfurt who was hollowing out a skyscraper -- throwing out all the furniture, all the infrastructure for human use, and just running steel on the floors to get ready for the stacks of servers to go in -- all so an algorithm could get close to the Internet. 
And you think of the Internet as this kind of distributed system. 
And when you think about this, that we're running through the United States with dynamite and rock saws so that an algorithm can close the deal three microseconds faster, all for a communications framework that no human will ever know, that's a kind of manifest destiny; and we'll always look for a new frontier. 
And the truth is I don't really understand a lot of what they're talking about. 
And the thing that you might have noticed about those blue dots is that a lot of them are in the middle of the ocean. 
We'll actually part the water to pull money out of the air, because it's a bright future if you're an algorithm. 
So be careful later on. 
And this was one issue: to build it that lightweight that no one would be hurt if it fell down. 
So if you go down, you have the large area of propulsion, and if you go up, the wings are not that large, and it is easier to get up. 
So, as the president now reassures us, we are on track to achieve our goals. 
A girl, if you're lucky, in the corner of a dark room -- lucky to be able to look at the Koran. 
But in those early days when we're told we didn't have enough troops and enough resources, we made a lot of progress in Afghanistan. 
In Sangin where I was sick in 2002, the nearest health clinic was within three days walk. 
And we had progress in the free media. 
And the reason I'm looking a little bit perplexed in this photograph is I was somewhat frightened, and I was too afraid on this occasion to ask him, having run for an hour through the desert and taken refuge in this house, why he had turned up and wanted to have his photograph taken with me. 
These are people who were able to say consistently that the increase in development aid was making Afghanistan less secure, not more secure -- that the counter-insurgency strategy was not working and would not work. 
Or General David Richards to come in 2006 and say he had the strategy and the resources to deliver the "crunch year." 
Or in 2008, Major General Champoux to come in and say he would deliver the "decisive year." 
It's very difficult for a politician, because you're afraid that many lives have been lost in vain. 
And finally, we need to understand that in Bosnia and Kosovo, a lot of the secret of what we did, a lot of the secret of our success, was our humility -- was the tentative nature of our engagement. 
So if I can finish with a metaphor for intervention, what we need to think of is something like mountain rescue. 
Because when people talk about intervention, they imagine that some scientific theory -- the Rand Corporation goes around counting 43 previous insurgencies producing mathematical formula saying you need one trained counter-insurgent for every 20 members of the population. 
When you're doing mountain rescue, you don't take a doctorate in mountain rescue, you look for somebody who knows the terrain. 
What we look for in firemen, in climbers, in policemen, and what we should look for in intervention, is intelligent risk takers -- not people who plunge blind off a cliff, not people who jump into a burning room, but who weigh their risks, weigh their responsibilities. 
We imagine there are only two choices: either full engagement and troop deployment or total isolation. 
And the question is: Is that what Edinburgh and London and New York are going to look like in 2050, or is it going to be this? 
I must say, many of the indicators look like this is what it's going to look like, but let's talk about it. 
You could drop an atom bomb on a city, and 30 years later it's surviving. 
Despite the fact that this is the most complex and diverse system in the universe, there's an extraordinary simplicity being expressed by this. 
Now any physiological variable you can think of, any life history event you can think of, if you plot it this way, looks like this. 
If you double the size of a city from 100,000 to 200,000, from a million to two million, 10 to 20 million, it doesn't matter, you get a 15 percent increase in wages, wealth, number of AIDS cases, number of police, anything you can think of. 
So if it is those networks and their mathematical structure, unlike biology, which had sublinear scaling, economies of scale, you had the slowing of the pace of life If it's social networks with super-linear scaling -- more per capita -- then the theory says that you increase the pace of life. 
And in fact, if you compare it to data, it fits very well with the development of cities and economies. 
So if you tell me the size of some company, some small company, I could have predicted the size of Walmart. 
Let's go up to 2008. 
 It will make a difference if they turn out to be much younger or much older than you think they are. 
This is why spouses in happy marriages tend to think that their husband or wife looks much better than anyone else thinks that they do. 
But there's at least one case where Capgras syndrome had a happy ending. 
After she got it, "She was happy to report that she has discovered that he possessed a double who was rich, virile, handsome and aristocratic." 
So for instance, we told some people, "Look, you can buy the sweater, but you can't tell anybody you own it, and you can't resell it." 
If people want to get me something at the end of the conference, you could buy me a Chagall. 
And that could explain the difference between an original and a forgery. 
I think this approach can explain differences in people's taste in art. 
But what I want to point out is you can buy this from iTunes. 
The second shock feels less painful, because you get a bit used to it. 
There's going to be a lot of people. 
And if you fill the cup with local agriculture from small farmers, you have a transformative effect. 
So is this a hopeless cause? 
And simple ideas can transform the face, not of small areas, of big areas of the world. 
Amartya Sen won his Nobel Prize for saying, "Guess what, famines happen in the presence of food because people have no ability to buy it." 
Food can be there and people can't buy it. 
Well this picture -- I was in Hebron in a small shop, this shop, where instead of bringing in food, we provide digital food, a card. 
In virtually every case, when poor farmers are given a guaranteed market -- if you say, "We will buy 300 metric tons of this. 
And they require that a third of that food come from the smallest farmers who would have no opportunity. 
I've gone out there; I've met with the small farmers who have built their livelihoods on the opportunity and platform provided by this. 
And the world can come in with enabling environments and opportunities to do this. 
If I left this pink noise on for more than a couple of minutes, you would literally cease to hear it. 
Well there are a lot of reasons for this. 
 So even if you're in a noisy environment like this -- and we all spend a lot of time in places like this -- listen in the coffee bar to how many channels of sound can I hear? 
In advance, I asked that once my body finally shut down from the punishments of my cancer, then my family and friends publish this prepared message I wrote -- the first part of the process of turning this from an active website to an archive." 
Now to be clear, I'm a journalist and not a technologist, so what I'd like to do briefly is paint a picture of what the present and the future are going to look like. 
Death: Death can catch you anywhere, anytime, even at the Organic. 
Now a lot of you are probably familiar with Deb Roy who, back in March, demonstrated how he was able to analyze more than 90,000 hours of home video. 
And I think as that happens, it's going to become possible for our digital personas to continue to interact in the real world long after we're gone thanks to the vastness of the amount of content we're creating and technology's ability to make sense of it all. 
You can imagine what something like this might look like five, 10 or 20 years from now as our technical capabilities improve. 
And it's this limitation that doesn't cope with the demand of wireless data transmissions and the number of bytes and data which are transmitted every month. 
These 1.4 million cellular radio masts, or base stations, consume a lot of energy. 
So not only do we have this huge amount of spectrum, let's compare that with a number I've just mentioned. 
We fit in an LED light bulb, worth three U.S. dollars, put in our signal processing technology. 
In the future we hope that we can integrate this little hole into these smart phones. 
This is a smart academic doing a little bit of tricks here." 
And if you do the energy budget, the data transmission comes for free -- highly energy efficient. 
Look around. Everywhere. Look at your smart phone. 
We have had a century of very nice, smart application developers. 
And every street lamp could be a free access point. 
So, all we would need to do is to fit a small microchip to every potential illumination device. 
And just imagine the sense of wonder in a baby when it first discovers that, merely by uttering a sound, it can get objects to move across a room as if by magic, and maybe even into its mouth. 
Why wouldn't they just go to a shop and buy a bag of nuts that somebody else had already cracked open for them? 
Now the reason the chimpanzees don't do that is that they lack what psychologists and anthropologists call social learning. 
They seem to lack the ability to learn from others by copying or imitating or simply watching. 
In fact, we could go away for a million years and come back and these chimpanzees would be doing the same thing with the same sticks for the termites and the same rocks to crack open the nuts. 
It's not even clear that our very close genetic relatives, the Neanderthals, had social learning. 
But in fact, it turns out that some time around 200,000 years ago, when our species first arose and acquired social learning, that this was really the beginning of our story, not the end of our story. 
If I can learn by watching you, I can steal your best ideas, and I can benefit from your efforts, without having to put in the time and energy that you did into developing them. 
One of those options was that we could have retreated into small family groups. 
And this is because in small groups there are fewer ideas, there are fewer innovations. 
And small groups are more prone to accidents and bad luck. 
And you can see that, in a developing society that was beginning to acquire language, not having language would be a like a bird without wings. 
Let's imagine that you are really good at making arrowheads, but you're hopeless at making the wooden shafts with the flight feathers attached. 
Two other people you know are very good at making the wooden shafts, but they're hopeless at making the arrowheads. 
If you look at our ancestors, the Neanderthals and the Homo erectus, our immediate ancestors, they're confined to small regions of the world. 
Now think of the absurdity of this situation. 
And so if language really is the solution to the crisis of visual theft, if language really is the conduit of our cooperation, the technology that our species derived to promote the free flow and exchange of ideas, in our modern world, we confront a question. 
And you can probably think of many, many more in your own everyday lives. 
Humans in the developed world spend more than 90 percent of their lives indoors, where they breathe in and come into contact with trillions of life forms invisible to the naked eye: microorganisms. 
Buildings are complex ecosystems that are an important source of microbes that are good for us, and some that are bad for us. 
The fate of microbes indoors depends on complex interactions with humans, and with the human-built environment. 
And today, architects and biologists are working together to explore smart building design that will create healthy buildings for us. 
All this time I lived in the city because, to be honest, I was afraid of trees. 
I began to see my body like a thing, a thing that could move fast, like a thing that could accomplish other things, many things, all at once. 
I would drive it and demand things from it. 
In my second chemo, my mother got very sick and I went to see her. 
And as the warm Gulf washed over my naked head, I realized that it held the best and the worst of us. 
It was having a vision of the future and something to fight for, because I know this struggle isn't my own. 
It was a lot of anger, insane humor, a lot of attention, outrage. 
Boys are 30 percent more likely than girls to drop out of school. 
In Canada, five boys drop out for every three girls. 
And we're seeing a steady increase among males. 
And this peaks at Super Bowl Sunday when guys would rather be in a bar with strangers, watching a totally overdressed Aaron Rodgers of the Green Bay Packers, rather than Jennifer Lopez totally naked in the bedroom. 
We tend to think of energy use as a behavioral thing -- I choose to turn this light switch on -- but really, enormous amounts of our energy use are predestined by the kinds of communities and cities that we live in. 
I won't show you very many graphs today, but if I can just focus on this one for a moment, it really tells us a lot of what we need to know -- which is, quite simply, that if you look, for example, at transportation, a major category of climate emissions, there is a direct relationship between how dense a city is and the amount of climate emissions that its residents spew out into the air. 
So you can think of it as tent poles that actually raise the density of the entire city. 
And we find that when we do that, we can, in fact, have a few places that are really hyper-dense within a wider fabric of places that are perhaps a little more comfortable and achieve the same results. 
Now we may find that there are places that are really, really dense and still hold onto their cars, but the reality is that, by and large, what we see when we get a lot of people together with the right conditions is a threshold effect, where people simply stop driving as much, and increasingly, more and more people, if they're surrounded by places that make them feel at home, give up their cars altogether. 
And this is a huge, huge energy savings, because what comes out of our tailpipe is really just the beginning of the story with climate emissions from cars. 
And as we just heard earlier, of course, we're also learning how to put information on dumb objects. 
And so what we do is we buy these drills that have a potential capacity of thousands of hours of drill time, use them once or twice to put a hole in the wall and let them sit. 
On June 23, 2000, a ship named the Treasure sank off the coast of Cape Town, South Africa, spilling 1,300 tons of fuel, which polluted the habitats of nearly half the entire world population of African penguins. 
It was Estelle van Der Merwe calling from SANCCOB, saying, "Please come help. 
So the day after we arrived, two of us from the aquarium were put in charge of room two. 
Now, mind you -- three days earlier, we had 60 penguins under our care, so we were definitely overwhelmed and just a bit terrified -- at least I was. 
But what gave us hope were these incredibly dedicated and brave volunteers, three of whom here are force-feeding penguins. 
He said, "OK, why don't we try and collect the birds at the greatest risk of getting oiled" -- they collected 20,000 -- "and we'll ship them 500 miles up the coast to Port Elizabeth in these open-air trucks, and release them into the clean waters there and let them swim back home?" 
And the main thing learned during the Apollo Sea rescue in '94 was that most of those penguins had died due to the unwitting use of poorly ventilated transport boxes and trucks, because they just had not been prepared to deal with so many oiled penguins at once. 
The first penguins to make that transition to free feeding were the ones that had a metal band on their wing from the Apollo Sea spill six years earlier. 
And when we come together and work as one, we can achieve extraordinary things. 
And at that point, I read a book by Frank Barnaby, this wonderful nuclear physicist, and he said that media had a responsibility, that all sectors of society had a responsibility to try and progress things and move things forward. 
Could I go and speak to older and wiser people who would tell me how they made sense of the things that are going on? 
I'm really clear about how young people feel when you talk to them about this idea of having a starting point for their actions for a more peaceful world through their poetry, their art, their literature, their music, their sport, whatever it might be. 
And it was this stuff, this, where I actually was in the beginning kind of thinking no matter what happened, it didn't actually matter. 
And that was even worse than actually what had just happened in many ways, because it couldn't not work. 
You can't just expect it to work. You have to get out and work." 
But what we can do in the meantime is measure the light from our stars and learn about this relationship between the planets and their parent stars to suss out clues about which planets might be good places to look for life in the universe. 
MT: I like to think of myself as an honest magician. 
I use a lot of tricks, which means that sometimes I have to lie to you. 
And he explained to me that, when I shave, I have little black dots on the left side of my face where the hair is, but on the right side of my face I was badly burned so I have no hair, and this creates lack of symmetry. 
I said, "What happens when I grow older and my hair becomes white? 
So we had one group that I hoped their performance would be very high, another group that I thought their performance would be very low, and when I got the results, that's what we got -- I was very happy -- aside from one person. 
He was 20-some years older than anybody else in the sample. 
We probably wouldn't have looked at the data at all, and if we did look at the data, we'd probably have said, "Fantastic! What a smart guy who is performing this low," because he would have pulled the mean of the group lower, giving us even stronger statistical results than we could. 
And we can then see the result of such mutations when we compare DNA sequences among us here in the room, for example. 
If we compare my genome to the genome of you, approximately every 1,200, 1,300 letters will differ between us. 
So a model to explain this is that a part of the African variation, but not all of it, [has] gone out and colonized the rest of the world. 
Perhaps the biggest difference most of us would imagine existed. 
So we can relax the criterion a bit and say: How many positions do we find where 95 percent of people in Africa have one variant, 95 percent another variant, and the number of that is 12. 
So what this means now is that those traits we then look at and so readily see -- facial features, skin color, hair structure -- are not determined by single genes with big effects, but are determined by many different genetic variants that seem to vary in frequency between different parts of the world. 
There are also a number of features that vary between continents like that with how our immune systems deal with microbes that try to invade our bodies. 
It's easy to imagine how particularly those parts of our bodies were quickly influenced by selection from the environment and shifted frequencies of genes But if we look on other parts of our bodies where we don't directly interact with the environment -- our kidneys, our livers, our hearts -- there is no way to say, by just looking at these organs, where in the world they would come from. 
And you can begin to compare it to the genomes of people who live today. 
And the way to ask that question is to look at the Neanderthal that comes from Southern Europe and compare it to genomes of people who live today. 
We would expect there to be no difference, because Neanderthals were never in Africa. 
So the model we've proposed to explain this is that when modern humans came out of Africa sometime after 100,000 years ago, they met Neanderthals. 
So we can then ask for Denisovans the same things as for the Neanderthals: Did they mix with ancestors of present day people? 
If we ask that question, and compare the Denisovan genome to people around the world, we surprisingly find no evidence of Denisovan DNA in any people living even close to Siberia today. 
So from studying these genomes of extinct humans, we're beginning to arrive at a picture of what the world looked like when modern humans started coming out of Africa. 
They would lose 40 percent of their land and be surrounded, so they would lose free access to the rest of the West Bank. 
Fatah Party Member: We must empty our minds of traditional thinking. 
They were going to be surrounded, lose a lot of their lands and not have freedom of access, either to the West Bank or Jerusalem. 
The examples of Wallajeh and the Solidariot movement show that even a small-budget independent film can play a role in transforming nonviolence into a functional behavior. 
Now imagine the power that big media players could have if they started covering the weekly nonviolent demonstrations happening in villages like Bil'in, Ni'lin, Wallajeh, in Jerusalem neighborhoods like Sheikh Jarrah and Silwan -- the nonviolent leaders valued and effective in their work. 
So I'm going to show you what I believe is the current state of manufacturing, and then compare that to some natural systems. 
So there's all of this complexity in our natural systems, but they're extremely efficient, far more efficient than anything we can build, far more complex than anything we can build. 
So I'm going to show you a number of projects that my colleagues and I at MIT are working on to achieve this self-assembling future. 
It basically embeds the most fundamental building block of computing, the digital logic gate, directly into your parts. 
And then it gives you an output in 3D space. 
I had the privilege of working on death row in a maximum security [prison] for six years. 
And when I worked in the prison system, it was so clear to me, this: in this room, and almost all of the men that I worked with on death row, the seeds of their own compassion had never been watered. 
I've learned that they're really the essence of what makes for progress, even when they seem to be terrible. 
And I could just imagine the committees reporting back to them on where agriculture was going to take humanity, at least in the next few hundred years. 
First of all, worse nutrition, maybe shorter life spans. 
It was the beginning of a much higher degree of inequality among people. 
There is evidence that the human mouth and teeth are growing smaller all the time. 
But I think from the point of view of a Neanderthal, there would have been a lot of disapproval of the wimpish choppers that we now have. 
In the ancient world there was a lot of respect for unintended consequences, and there was a very healthy sense of caution, reflected in the Tree of Knowledge, in Pandora's Box, and especially in the myth of Prometheus in recent metaphors about technology. 
Now if we look forward a bit to the 19th century, we find a new style of technology. 
We find more and more complex arrangements of machines that make it harder and harder to diagnose what's going on. 
The lesson of the Titanic, for a lot of the contemporaries, was that you must have enough lifeboats for everyone on the ship. 
So the 20th century, then, saw how much more complex reality was, but it also saw a positive side. 
And my favorite example of that occurred beginning in 1976, that the bacteria causing Legionnaires disease had always been present in natural waters, but it was the precise temperature of the water in heating, ventilating and air conditioning systems that raised the right temperature for the maximum reproduction of Legionella bacillus. 
So one of the characteristic problems of our time is how to close this gap between capabilities and foresight. 
of 20th century technology, though, was the way in which other kinds of calamities could lead to positive advances. 
Think of the financial world, for example. 
Now think of the large and small plagues that we have now -- bed bugs, killer bees, spam -- and it's very possible that the solutions to those will really extend well beyond the immediate question. 
If we think, for example, of Louis Pasteur, who in the 1860s was asked to study the diseases of silk worms for the silk industry, and his discoveries were really the beginning of the germ theory of disease. 
Now this may seem a bit ambitious, but when you look at yourself, you look at your hands, you realize that you're alive. 
And in fact, the smallest unit of matter that can evolve independently is, in fact, a single cell -- a bacteria. 
Biologists seem to think so. 
Now, that's a bit boring. 
If your pen could replicate, that would be a bit of a problem. 
Well, I like think of it as a flame in a bottle. 
They took the basic ingredients, put them in a single jar and ignited them and put a lot of voltage through. 
And the key thing is to have lots of complex chemistry just bubbling away. 
But that's probably going to end in failure, so we need to be a bit more focused. 
And I imagine you have a similar thing in cellular biology with the emergence of life. 
So what we're going to try and do is come up with an inorganic Lego kit of molecules. 
And we can aggregate them together and make literally thousands and thousands of really big nano-molecular molecules the same size of DNA and proteins, but there's no carbon in sight. 
And so with this Lego kit, we have the diversity required for complex information storage without DNA. 
So imagine we make a little cell. 
Wouldn't it be great if you could take these artificial biological cells and fuse them with biological ones to correct problems that we couldn't really deal with? 
So the other thing that if we were able to create life that's not based on carbon, maybe we can tell NASA what really to look for. 
Don't go and look for carbon, go and look for evolvable stuff. 
You know, I don't even believe in the concept of an ideal family. 
And conversely, only when you teach perspectives will a child be able to imagine and put themselves in the shoes of someone who is different from them. 
It can plan for the long-term benefits of the country and in the process, evict millions of people -- that's just a small technical issue. 
In developing countries, the most common mode of transportation is the railways, and the British built a lot of railways in India. 
India is the smaller of the two countries, and yet it had a longer system of railways until the late 1990s. 
So clearly, infrastructure doesn't explain why China did better before the late 1990s, In fact, if you look at the evidence worldwide, the evidence is more supportive of the view that the infrastructure are actually the result of economic growth. 
And it's very common that we compare India with China. 
I will take you to the Cultural Revolution, when China went mad, and compare that country's performance with India under Indira Gandhi. 
But India still has a lot of work to do in terms of gender equality. 
By looking at these two pictures, I say no, it won't overtake China for a while. 
India still has a long way to go to catch up with China. 
When you explain change -- for example, economic growth; economic growth is about change -- when you explain change, you use other things that have changed to explain change, rather than using the constant to explain change. 
Sometimes a fixed effect can explain change, but a fixed effect only explains changes in interaction with the things that change. 
In fact, if you compare India with the average developing country, even before the more recent period of acceleration of Indian growth -- now India is growing between eight and nine percent -- even before this period, India was ranked fourth in terms of economic growth among emerging economies. 
Now you can imagine the panic that would have generated in the newsroom at Fox. 
But one thing is true: we are at the beginning of a mighty struggle for control of the Internet. 
But in order to try and explain the whole thing, I would need another 18 minutes or so to do it, so you're just going to have to take it on trust from me on this occasion, and let me assure you that all of these issues are involved in cybersecurity and control of the Internet one way or the other, but in a configuration that even Stephen Hawking would probably have difficulty 
So despite the fact that we are beginning to pour billions, hundreds of billions of dollars, into cybersecurity -- for the most extraordinary technical solutions -- no one wants to talk to these guys, the hackers, who are doing everything. 
Well, I say nothing, but actually there is one teeny weeny little research unit in Turin, Italy called the Hackers Profiling Project. 
Because where we have a surplus of technology in the cybersecurity industry, we have a definite lack of -- call me old-fashioned -- human intelligence. 
Cybercriminals would go there to buy and sell stolen credit card details, to exchange information about new malware that was out there. 
And its creators were incredibly smart and entrepreneurial, because they were faced with one enormous challenge as cybercriminals. 
And he explained to me how in 2003 and 2004 he would go on sprees in New York, taking out $10,000 from an ATM here, $30,000 from an ATM there, He was making, on average a week, $150,000 -- tax free of course. 
And I want to explain this to you by introducing you to six characters who I met while I was doing this research. 
Now in the late 1990s, he discovered a vulnerability on all U.S. government networks, and he went in and patched it up -- because this included nuclear research facilities -- sparing the American government a huge security embarrassment. 
He also had the most effective virtual private network security arrangement the police have ever encountered Now the important thing about all of these people is they share certain characteristics despite the fact that they come from very different environments. 
But all of the people who I've spoken to who have fallen foul of the law, they have all said, "Please, please give us a chance to work in the legitimate industry. 
Chris Anderson: Okay, well that makes sense. Thanks a lot Misha. 
 So just to give you a bit of context, as June said, I'm an artist, a technologist and an educator. 
And to tell you a bit about the things that I make, the easiest place to start the story is with a hat. 
 And in the end, some of these things just act as invitations. 
Women have two copies of that big X chromosome; men have the X and, of course, that small copy of the Y. 
Guys, this is a long scale; you don't typically see lines that go up like that. 
She comes back three years later at age 42 with more ovarian cancer, more chemotherapy. 
So first: the way in which this woman was treated, in as little as 10 years, will look like bloodletting. 
Their mom is a very brave woman who didn't believe it; the symptoms weren't matching up. 
And through some heroic efforts and a lot of Internet searching, she was able to convince the medical community that, in fact, they had something else. 
Turns out the gentleman in this picture is a guy named Joe Beery, who was lucky enough to be the CIO of a company called Life Technologies. 
So a hundred surgeries later, he looks at his mom and says, "Mom, please pray for me. 
as long as we continue to increase the population, we'll have to continue to grow and eat genetically modified foods. 
I just recently had to buy life insurance, and I was required to answer: A. I have never had a genetic test; B. I've had one, here you go; or C. I've had one and I'm not telling. 
So it's likely I'm related to every Resnick that I ever meet, So imagine if my genome were De-identified, sitting in software, And a third cousin's genome was also sitting there, and there was software that could compare the two and make these associations. 
But a lot of people don't love it so much. 
I kind of think of it as this cartoon devil or angel sitting on our shoulders. 
So thanks very much. 
So it really doesn't look like empire is a great explanation for the Great Divergence. 
You may think we can explain the Great Divergence in terms of geography. 
So let me just explain to you that the smartest man ever was a Scotsman. 
He was Adam Smith -- not Billy Connolly, not Sean Connery -- though he is very smart indeed. 
I want to explain to you that there were six killer apps that set the West apart from the rest. 
But behind the icon, there's complex code. 
You can play a game and try and think of one I've missed at, or try and boil it down to just four, but you'll lose. 
Nothing like this existed in China, where there was one monolithic state covering a fifth of humanity, and anyone with any ambition had to pass one standardized examination, which took three days and was very difficult and involved memorizing vast numbers of characters and very complex Confucian essay writing. 
Think of what that means. 
Modern medicine in the late 19th century against the infectious diseases that killed a lot of people. 
Any society can adopt these institutions, and when they do, they achieve what the West achieved after 1500 -- only faster. 
He's now free again, But I don't think his studio has been rebuilt. 
Complex civilizations do that, because they operate, most of the time, on the edge of chaos. 
That's one of the most profound insights to come out of the historical study of complex institutions like civilizations. 
I think if you look at what is happening in Brazil in particular, but also Chile, in transforming the institutions of economic life, there's a very bright future indeed. 
And that's all we seem to be caring about recently. 
The financial crisis is really a relatively small historic phenomenon, which has just accelerated this huge shift, which ends half a millennium of Western ascendancy. 
And what we do is go through all of those records and exclude everything that's not the highest quality data. 
Well of course, you want to take the books and release the full text of these five million books. 
 Now again, we kind of caved in, and we did the very practical approach, which was a bit less awesome. 
We said, well instead of releasing the full text, we're going to release statistics about the books. 
As of about six months ago, the state of the art in this field is that you would, for instance, go up to the following psychologist with fabulous hair, and you'd say, "Steve, you're an expert on the irregular verbs. 
And we compare that to the fame that we observe. 
If the suppression index is very, very, very small, then you very well might be being suppressed. 
What you expect is basically what you observe. 
But then also many people on the far right who seem to benefit from propaganda. 
But it turns out this is just a reminder that, although this is a lot of fun, when you interpret these graphs, you have to be very careful, and you have to adopt the base standards in the sciences. 
And so while I was in the DRC, I spent a lot of time talking to people about condoms, including Damien. 
Joseph and Christine, who run a pharmacy where they sell a number of these condoms, said despite the fact that donor agencies provide them at low or no cost, and they have marketing campaigns that go along with them, their customers don't buy the branded versions. 
Everyone's familiar with cancer, but we don't normally think of cancer as being a contagious disease. 
[The] Tasmanian devil is found only on the island of Tasmania, which is that small island just to the south of the mainland of Australia. 
The disease was first sighted in the northeast of Tasmania in 1996 and has spread across Tasmania like a huge wave. 
Now there's only a small part of the population, which remains unaffected. 
This disease appears first as tumors, usually on the face or inside the mouth of affected Tasmanian devils. 
This one in particular sticks in my mind, because this is the first case of this disease that I saw myself. 
In fact, the infectious agent of disease in this cancer is something altogether more sinister, and something that we hadn't really thought of before. 
But in order for me to explain what that is, I need to spend just a couple of minutes talking more about cancer itself. 
Cancer is a disease that affects millions of people around the world every year. 
That's why cancer is such a difficult disease to treat. 
However cancer is constrained by living inside our bodies, and its continued growth, its spreading through our bodies and eating away at our tissues, leads to the death of the cancer patient and also to the death of the cancer itself. 
This was work from many people, but I'm going to explain it through a confirmatory experiment that I did a few years ago. 
That means that all of these cancers actually are the same cancer that arose once from one individual devil, that have broken free of that first devil's body and spread through the entire Tasmanian devil population. 
And if you're squeamish, please look away now. 
But a small number of them did, and they were mostly people who were otherwise ill -- whose immune systems were probably compromised. 
But that does not mean that we should give up hope in the fight against cancer. 
In fact, I believe, given more knowledge of the complex evolutionary processes that drive cancer's growth, we can defeat cancer. 
I spend a lot of time teaching adults how to use visual language and doodling in the workplace. 
And naturally, I encounter a lot of resistance, because it's considered to be anti-intellectual and counter to serious learning. 
And Bell then goes on to explain to the students. 
You notice that the coat she's carrying is too small for the child who is with her, and therefore, she started out the journey with two children, but dropped one off along the way. 
And when Bell actually strips the patient, begins to examine the patient, you can only imagine how much more he would discern. 
And his father used to go down into the basement to tap on the sides of casks of wine to determine how much wine was left and whether to reorder. 
And basically everything we know about percussion, which you can think of as an ultrasound of its day -- organ enlargement, fluid around the heart, fluid in the lungs, abdominal changes -- all of this he described in this wonderful manuscript "Inventum Novum," "New Invention," which would have disappeared into obscurity, except for the fact that this physician, Corvisart, a famous French physician -- famous only because he was physician to this gentleman -- 
And it was followed a year or two later by Laennec discovering the stethoscope. 
But the arrival of auscultation and percussion represented a sea change, a moment when physicians were beginning to look inside the body. 
One had to do with a friend of mine who had a breast cancer, had a small breast cancer detected -- had her lumpectomy in the town in which I lived. 
And she then spent a lot of time researching to find the best cancer center in the world to get her subsequent care. 
Which is why I was surprised a few months later to see her back in our own town, getting her subsequent care with her private oncologist. 
Although, God knows, of late, in our hubris, we seem to have drifted away. 
We seem to have forgotten -- as though, with the explosion of knowledge, the whole human genome mapped out at our feet, we are lulled into inattention, forgetting that the ritual is cathartic to the physician, necessary for the patient -- forgetting that the ritual has meaning and a singular message to convey to the patient. 
Where it comes from is an organization called the Young Foundation, which, over many decades, has come up with many innovations in education, like the Open University and things like Extended Schools, Schools for Social Entrepreneurs, Summer Universities and the School of Everything. 
First of all, we wanted small schools -- about 300, 400 pupils -- 14 to 19 year-olds, and critically, about 80 percent of the curriculum done not through sitting in classrooms, but through real-life, practical projects, to businesses, NGO's and others. 
And what we found -- and we got quite a lot of things wrong and then improved them -- but we found that the young people loved it. 
And perhaps most important of all, two years later when the exam results came through, the pupils who had been put on these field trials who were in the lowest performing groups had jumped right to the top -- in fact, pretty much at the top decile of performance in terms of GCSE's, which is the British marking system. 
And indeed, the head of the Chambers of Commerce is now the chairman of the Studio Schools Trust and helping it, not just with big businesses, but small businesses all over the country. 
We feel we're on the beginning of a journey to turn the Studio School idea into something which is present, not as a universal answer for every child, but at least as an answer for some children in every part of the world. 
And before I even knew it, I was suddenly on a stage surrounded by thousands of cheering people And I realized that, when I'd left the country, free and fair elections in a democratic environment were a dream. 
The polling stations opened to the voters at 7:00 AM, but voters, eager to take their own political fate into their hands, were starting to line up at 4:00 AM in the morning. 
Now the first round of the voting didn't bring forth a clear winner -- so nobody had achieved the absolute majority -- so voting went into a second round three weeks later. 
Inflated results started coming in and the mob was starting to get out of control. 
Now the second round of voting did not bring forth a clear winner either. 
And that's a really useful thing to describe but on the question of your own personal risk of getting breast cancer if you drink red wine, it tells you absolutely bugger all. 
They were taking 3,000 children, they were going to give them all these huge fish oil pills, six of them a day, and then a year later, they were going to measure their school exam performance and compare their school exam performance against what they predicted their exam performance would have been if they hadn't had the pills. 
But actually in a lot of situations that's wrong. 
You can also rig your data by making the thing you compare your new drug against really rubbish. 
How can we explain this strange phenomenon? 
And a funnel plot is a very clever way of spotting if small negative trials have disappeared, have gone missing in action. 
And as you go up towards the top of the graph, what you see is each dot is a trial. 
And as you go up, those are the bigger trials, so they've got less error in them. 
If there is publication bias, if small negative trials have gone missing in action, you can see it on one of these graphs. 
So you can see here that the small negative trials that should be on the bottom left have disappeared. 
I hope I try to go out of my way to try and read and understand all the literature. 
So we do a lot of things. 
First of all, who are they? [What] do they look like? 
But anyway, the public still doesn't buy it. 
That could pose a potential danger to the society, but who knows; we're in a globalized world, so they can look for girlfriends from other countries. 
And for those who are ready to get married and buy their apartment, they figured out they have to work for 30 to 40 years to afford their first apartment. 
Now it's 0.5 -- even worse than that in America -- showing us the income inequality. 
For the past decade or so, a massive urbanization and development have let us witness a lot of reports on the forced demolition of private property. 
We heard about polluted air, polluted water, poisoned food. 
They have sorts of ingredients that you brush on a piece of chicken or fish, and it turns it to look like beef. 
While young people seem to be very sure about their participation in public policy-making, but sometimes they're a little bit lost in terms of what they want for their personal life. 
They're taking those bags and clothes as a sense of identity and social status. 
But of course, we do have young people who would still prefer to smile, whether in a BMW or [on] a bicycle. 
I know it because people come up to me, like colleagues, and say, "Chris, you have a strange career." 
 And I can see their point, because I started my career as a theoretical nuclear physicist. 
One day a NASA manager comes into my office, sits down and says, "Can you please tell us, how do we look for life outside Earth?" 
And he told me, "Biosignatures, we need to look for a biosignature." 
So once you start looking and looking at smaller and smaller things -- so this particular person wrote a whole article and said, "Hey, these are bacteria." 
Except, if you look a little bit closer, you see, in fact, that this thing is way too small to be anything like that. 
And what you might get -- and anything that actually refers to things that we are used to, you throw away. 
And then you might come up with something like this. 
Who on Earth would write something as convoluted and complex and inane? 
And I'm really happy that no photo survives of the three of us anywhere close together. 
And the way we would do that -- I would like to find out how I can distinguish text that was written by a million monkeys, as opposed to text that [is] in our books. 
So that inspired me to think about, well, what if I try to use this idea in order, not to detect random texts from texts with meaning, but rather detect the fact that there is meaning in the biomolecules that make up life. 
In fact, chemistry's extremely rich, and our body uses a lot of them. 
The Avidians being the denizens of this computer world where they are perfectly happy replicating and growing in complexity. 
And I have to explain to you, the top of this graph shows you that frequency distribution that I talked about. 
And I'm starting this at a mutation rate that is so high that, even if you would drop a replicating program that would otherwise happily grow up to fill the entire world, if you drop it in, it gets mutated to death immediately. 
Because it really only has to do with these concepts of information, of storing information within physical substrates -- anything: bits, nucleic acids, anything that's an alphabet -- and make sure that there's some process so that this information can be stored for much longer than you would expect the time scales for the deterioration of information. 
And once we have that, then it is not such a difficult task anymore to say, if we understand the fundamental processes that do not refer to any particular substrate, then we can go out and try other worlds, figure out what kind of chemical alphabets might there be, figure enough about the normal chemistry, the geochemistry of the planet, so that we know what this distribution would look like in the absence of life, 
and then look for large deviations from this -- this thing sticking out, which says, "This chemical really shouldn't be there." 
So I'm going to suggest that less stuff and less space are going to equal a smaller footprint. 
And it's going to give you a little more ease in your life. 
Smaller space is going to make for smaller utilities -- save some more money there, but also a smaller footprint. 
We've got to clear the arteries of our lives. 
By all means, we should buy and own some great stuff. 
Secondly, our new mantra: small is sexy. 
Most of us, maybe all of us, are here pretty happily for a bunch of days with a couple of bags, maybe a small space, a hotel room. 
I hope, within the next 10 minutes, to change the way you think about a lot of the stuff in your life. 
 Well after spending about 20 years in the recycling industry, it's become pretty clear to me that we don't necessarily leave these toddler rules behind as we develop into adults. 
Now a million pounds a day sounds like a lot of stuff, but it's a tiny drop of the durable goods that are disposed each and every year around the world -- well less than one percent. 
Now when you see these mountains, most people think of garbage. 
And the reason we see mines is because there's a lot of valuable raw materials that went into making all of this stuff in the first place. 
Because as we've heard all week at TED, the world's getting to be a smaller place with more people in it who want more and more stuff. 
Another consequence of metals being so easy to recycle by humans is that a lot of our stuff from the developed world -- and sadly to say, particularly from the United States, where we don't have any recycling policies in place like here in Europe -- finds its way to developing countries for low-cost recycling. 
Now because the plastics are so plentiful -- and by the way, those other methods don't lead to the recovery of plastics, obviously -- but people do try to recover the plastics. 
They bring them below those roofs into small workshops like these, and people try very hard to separate the plastics, by color, by shape, by feel, by any technique they can. 
So about 20 years ago, I literally started in my garage tinkering around, trying to figure out how to separate these very similar materials from each other, and eventually enlisted a lot of my friends, in the mining world actually, and in the plastics world, and we started going around to mining laboratories around the world. 
It starts with metal recyclers who shred our stuff into very small bits. 
They recover the metals and leave behind what's called shredder residue -- it's their waste -- a very complex mixture of materials, but predominantly plastics. 
We take out the things that aren't plastics, such as the metals they missed, carpeting, foam, rubber, wood, glass, paper, you name it. 
We grind the plastic down to about the size of your small fingernail. 
We push that material to extruders where we melt it, push it through small die holes, make spaghetti-like plastic strands. 
And I hope that you stop looking at yourself as a consumer -- that's a label I've always hated my entire life -- and think of yourself as just using resources in one form, until they can be transformed to another form for another use later in time. 
But I'm happy to say now that the world has moved on, music has moved on with it. 
And I remember at the beginning of my career, again and again, on these dismal outings with orchestras, I would be going completely insane on the podium, trying to engender a small scale crescendo really, just a little upsurge in volume. 
I spent a lot of time in those early years weeping silently in dressing rooms. 
from great British veteran conductor Sir Colin Davis who said, "Conducting, Charles, is like holding a small bird in your hand. 
So I went out there, and I auditioned, mainly in rural township locations, right around the country. 
Now you can imagine what this knowledge did to the temperature in the room, the general atmosphere. 
And I think, in no small way, that's due to one fundamental fact: they're not bound to a system of notation. 
And if I can broaden this out for a second, I'm willing to bet that every single one of you sitting in this room would be happy to speak with acuity, with total confidence, about movies, probably about literature. 
And what I'm going to say to you now is I'm just urging you to get over this supreme lack of self-confidence, to take the plunge, to believe that you can trust your ears, you can hear some of the fundamental muscle tissue, fiber, DNA, what makes a great piece of music great. 
Charles Hazlewood: Yeah, you sound a bit more like cows really than human beings. 
And look, if you're adventurous, you go up the octave. 
  CH: I only wish that some of those musicians were here with us today, so you could see at firsthand how utterly extraordinary they are. 
If any of you thinks you want to help me in any way to achieve what is a fairly impossible and implausible dream still at this point, please let me know. 
Now one day in 1772, the prince decreed that the musicians' families, the orchestral musicians' families, were no longer welcome in the castle. 
I mean, after all, if you look at babies superficially, they seem pretty useless. 
If we look across many, many different species of animals, not just us primates, but also including other mammals, birds, even marsupials like kangaroos and wombats, it turns out that there's a relationship between how long a childhood a species has and how big their brains are compared to their bodies and how smart and flexible they are. 
And crows and other corvidae, ravens, rooks and so forth, are incredibly smart birds. 
They're as smart as chimpanzees in some respects. 
Well some animals, like the chicken, seem to be beautifully suited to doing just one thing very well. 
So they seem to be beautifully suited to pecking grain in one environment. 
If this is true, if these babies are designed to learn -- and this evolutionary story would say children are for learning, that's what they're for -- we might expect that they would have really powerful learning mechanisms. 
And essentially what Bayes did was to provide a mathematical way using probability theory to characterize, describe, the way that scientists find out about the world. 
All right, now that might seem like an even taller order to actually demonstrate. 
If I showed you this detector, you would be likely to think to begin with that the way to make the detector go would be to put a block on top of the detector. 
Because if you wave a block over the top of the detector, something you wouldn't ever think of to begin with, the detector will actually activate two out of three times. 
Whereas, if you do the likely thing, put the block on the detector, it will only activate two out of six times. 
So in these circumstances, the children are using statistics to find out about the world, but after all, scientists also do experiments, and we wanted to see if children are doing experiments. 
And what you'll see is that this little boy will go through five hypotheses in the space of two minutes. 
If you look at the way children play, when you ask them to explain something, what they really do is do a series of experiments. 
Well, if you go back to those psychologists and philosophers, a lot of them have said that babies and young children were barely conscious if they were conscious at all. 
Our consciousness of that thing that we're attending to becomes extremely bright and vivid, and everything else sort of goes dark. 
I think babies and young children seem to have more of a lantern of consciousness than a spotlight of consciousness. 
But they're very good at taking in lots of information from lots of different sources at once. 
That's the kind of attention, the kind of consciousness, that we might expect from those butterflies who are designed to learn. 
Well if we want to think about a way of getting a taste of that kind of baby consciousness as adults, I think the best thing is think about cases where we're put in a new situation that we've never been in before -- when we fall in love with someone new, or when we're in a new city for the first time. 
And what happens then is not that our consciousness contracts, it expands, so that those three days in Paris seem to be more full of consciousness and experience than all the months of being a walking, talking, faculty meeting-attending zombie back home. 
And it makes sense that we put a lot of effort into making babies think like adults do. 
And from that point on, from my age at the time, I began to think of things in a different way. 
And during a lot of this work, we found something, or I found something, that really fascinated me, and maybe you can remember it. 
So this leads me to think of this in a different way. 
Sensorily, we're taking in all sorts of things -- mixtures of things that are good, bad, exciting, frightening -- to come up with that sensorial exposure, that sensation of what's going on. 
So a lot of it tends to be extrinsic. 
I mean, if I just go through some of them now -- I know about laminar flow when it comes to air-piercing objects, and that does it consummately well, you can see it can. 
But unfortunately, the likes of me and people that are like me have to deal with compromise all the time with beauty. 
We have to deal with it. 
I've had to make a bit of a compromise there. 
And the one I showed you before was, of course, a massively complex one. 
Now I'm using microseconds wrongly here, so please ignore me. 
But you're a slave of that first flash. 
It feels fantastic when you do it, you look forward to doing it, and when you tell somebody else about it -- like you probably have -- you look really smart. 
The knowledge bubble that sits around the outside, the stuff that costs nothing, because that knowledge is free -- bundle that together and where do we come out? 
Apple introduced a thing called HyperCard, and they made a bit of a fuss about it. 
So I know it may sound like tough love, but look, if at some point you got lied to, it's because you agreed to get lied to. 
And what a trained interrogator does is they come in and in very subtle ways over the course of several hours, they will ask that person to tell that story backwards, and then they'll watch them squirm, and track which questions produce the highest volume of deceptive tells. 
 John Edwards: I'd be happy to participate in one. 
But I'm happy to participate in one. 
PM: Okay, those head shakes are much easier to spot once you know to look for them. 
Look, listen, probe, ask some hard questions, get out of that very comfortable mode of knowing, walk into curiosity mode, ask more questions, have a little dignity, treat the person you're talking to with rapport. 
What you want to look for here is an incredible discrepancy between horrific events that she describes and her very, very cool demeanor. 
 Erin Runnion: I wrote this statement on the third anniversary of the night you took my baby, and you hurt her, and you crushed her, you terrified her until her heart stopped. 
The Center for Disease Control in the U.S. 
But as I watch the mushrooms grow and digest my body, I imagine the Infinity Mushroom as a symbol of a new way of thinking about death and the relationship between my body and the environment. 
 What I've learned from talking to these folks is that we share a common desire to understand and accept death and to minimize the impact of our death on the environment. 
I wanted to cultivate this perspective just like the mushrooms, so I formed the Decompiculture Society, a group of people called decompinauts who actively explore their postmortem options, seek death acceptance and cultivate decomposing organisms like the Infinity Mushroom. 
The Decompiculture Society shares a vision of a cultural shift, from our current culture of death denial and body preservation to one of decompiculture, a radical acceptance of death and decomposition. 
Accepting death means accepting that we are physical beings who are intimately connected to the environment, as the research on environmental toxins confirms. 
I believe this is the beginning of true environmental responsibility. 
I was in a bit of a spot. 
Went to the roof, and all the women said, "Clear out. 
The men should clear out because we don't want to share this technology with the men. 
 It is a bit of jaggery, a bit of urens and a bit of other things I don't know. 
And the girl, who's on her left, turned to me and looked at the queen straight in the eye and said, "Please tell her I'm the prime minister." 
They said, "Impossible. They don't even go out of their rooms, and you want to take them to India." 
  I'll just wind up by saying that I think you don't have to look for solutions outside. 
Look for solutions within. 
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, and then you win." 
And I wondered, what if the answer to some of our biggest problems could be found in the smallest of places, where the difference between what is valuable and what is worthless is merely the addition or subtraction of a few atoms? 
Think of the space that we spend most of our time. 
We're trying to heat up and all that is trying to get out through the window. 
You think of carbon as black. 
As we were working on this incredible discovery at University of Florida, we were told to go down the corridor to visit another scientist, and he was working on a pretty incredible thing. 
The total width of it is 600 times smaller than the width of a decimal place. 
And it takes all the infrared available at night, converts it into an electron in the space of two small films, and is enabling you to play an image which you can see through. 
EBox is testing new nanomaterials to park an electron on the outside, hold it until you need it, and then be able to release it and pass it off. 
This is why we have to solve our problems, and I know the answer as to how is to be able to get exquisite control over a building block of nature, the stuff of life: the simple electron. 
Similarly, if we'd had this talk 30 or 40 years ago, we would have seen how the rise of nuclear weapons, and the threat of mutually assured destruction they imply, prevents a direct fight between the two superpowers. 
The first issue: Imagine a potential enemy announcing they're building a cyberwar unit, but only for their country's defense. 
This gives a tremendous advantage to the attacker, because the defender doesn't know who to fight back against. 
In May 2009, General Kevin Chilton, commander of the U.S. nuclear forces, stated that in the event of cyberattacks against the U.S., all options would be on the table. 
Cyber weapons do not replace conventional or nuclear weapons -- they just add a new layer to the existing system of terror. 
So you might say, let's go to the brain and put something in the brain to record signals, or in the end of the peripheral nerve and record them there. 
You have to put in hundreds of microscopic wires to record from little tiny individual neurons -- ordinary fibers that put out tiny signals that are microvolts. And it's just too hard to use now and for my patients today. 
Imagine, with somebody who's lost their whole arm, we still have four major nerves that go down your arm. 
His hand sensation grew into his chest again probably because we had also taken away a lot of fat, so the skin was right down to the muscle and deinnervated, if you would, his skin. 
Please welcome Amanda Kitts. 
 So Amanda, would you please tell us how you lost your arm? 
TK: Okay, so I think about nine months later that you had the targeted reinnervation surgery, took six more months to have all the reinnervation. 
There's a lot of information in those nerve signals, and we wanted to get more. 
But I can't put in an electrode and say, "Go there." 
So we've developed a small microcomputer that is blinking somewhere behind her back all by the way she trains it to use her individual muscle signals. 
We're excited about where we are and a lot of things we want to do. 
We want to develop these little tiny capsules about the size of a piece of risotto that we can put into the muscles and telemeter out the EMG signals, so that it's not worrying about electrode contact. 
So it'll be the smallest and lightest and the smartest arm ever made. 
Once we can do it that small, it's a lot easier making them bigger. 
And none of those problems could I have dealt with, but I have a really bright research team. 
I then compare my information to the things I find on the Internet -- satellite images, weather data from weather stations as well as offshore buoys. 
I use natural reed, because natural reed has a lot of tension in it that I cannot fully control. 
What I come up with are forms like these. 
What's changed is we now can look at the evidence, we can compare societies, more and less equal societies, and see what inequality does. 
I'm going to take you through that data and then explain why the links I'm going to be showing you exist. 
These are small areas of England and Wales -- the poorest on the right, the richest on the left. 
A lot of difference between the poor and the rest of us. 
And as soon as you've got that idea, you should immediately wonder: what happens if we widen the differences, or compress them, make the income differences bigger or smaller? 
Kids do worse in the more unequal societies. 
We did it first on these rich, developed countries, and then as a separate test bed, we repeated it all on the 50 American states -- asking just the same question: do the more unequal states do worse on all these kinds of measures? 
WHO put together figures using the same diagnostic interviews on random samples of the population to allow us to compare rates of mental illness in each society. 
That relationship is not mainly driven by more crime. 
And the more unequal societies are more likely also to retain the death penalty. 
And as we like to say -- and I know there are a lot of Americans in the audience here -- if Americans want to live the American dream, they should go to Denmark. 
But there are endless problems with social gradients that are worse in more unequal countries -- not just a little bit worse, but anything from twice as common to 10 times as common. 
Think of the expense, the human cost of that. 
One is that, in graph after graph, we find the countries that do worse, whatever the outcome, seem to be the more unequal ones, and the ones that do well seem to be the Nordic countries and Japan. 
The position of women, how closely they keep to the nuclear family, are on opposite ends of the poles in terms of the rich developed world. 
It starts off with much smaller differences in earnings before tax. 
There are some states that do well through redistribution, some states that do well because they have smaller income differences before tax. 
And in a number of studies, it's possible to compare how people do in more and less equal countries at each level in the social hierarchy. 
Some Swedes very kindly classified a lot of their infant deaths according to the British register of general socioeconomic classification. 
But even at the top, there seems to be a small benefit to being in a more equal society. 
I should say that to deal with this, we've got to deal with the post-tax things and the pre-tax things. 
People have been coming up to me ever since to ask me questions about spaghetti sauce, which is a wonderful thing in the short term --  but it's proven to be less than ideal over seven years. 
And of course, the Swiss can be divided into two general categories: those who make small, exquisite, expensive objects and those who handle the money of those who buy small, exquisite, expensive objects. 
In fact, one of his classmates is a young man named Lenin who would go on to break small, expensive, exquisite objects. 
He wears three-piece suits; and he has a very, very small, important mustache; and he is domineering and narcissistic and driven and has an extraordinary ego; and he works 16-hour days; and he has very strong feelings about alternating current; and he feels like a suntan is a sign of moral weakness; and he drinks lots of coffee; and he does his best work sitting in his mother's kitchen in Zurich for hours 
And what he allows people to do is he makes the bombardier take this particular object, visually sight the target, because they're in the Plexiglas cone of the bomber, and then they plug in the altitude of the plane, the speed of the plane, the speed of the wind and the coordinates of the target. 
And as Norden famously says, "Before that bombsight came along, bombs would routinely miss their target by a mile or more." 
Here was an army that had just had experience in the First World War, where millions of men fought each other in the trenches, getting nowhere, making no progress, and here someone had come up with a device that allowed them to fly up in the skies high above enemy territory and destroy whatever they wanted with pinpoint accuracy. 
Well God's will was that the amount of suffering in any kind of war be reduced to as small an amount as possible. 
So in the years leading up to the Second World War, the U.S. military buys 90,000 of these Norden bombsights at a cost of $14,000 each -- again, in 1940 dollars, that's a lot of money. 
But we need to be very clear about how little that means. 
In the Iraq War, at the beginning of the first Iraq War, the U.S. military, the air force, sent two squadrons of F-15E Fighter Eagles to the Iraqi desert equipped with these five million dollar cameras that allowed them to see the entire desert floor. 
We think the things we make can solve our problems, but our problems are much more complex than that. 
And that is, on August 6, 1945, a B-29 bomber called the Enola Gay flew over Japan and, using a Norden bombsight, dropped a very large thermonuclear device on the city of Hiroshima. 
And as was typical with the Norden bombsight, the bomb actually missed its target by 800 ft. 
But what it means is that we've failed to identify a greasy pocket in these proteins, into which we, like molecular locksmiths, can fashion an active, small, organic molecule or drug substance. 
And so, I guess you'd say, dissatisfied with the performance and quality of these medicines, I went back to school, in chemistry, with the idea that perhaps by learning the trade of discovery chemistry and approaching it in the context of this brave new world of the open source, the crowd source, the collaborative network that we have access to within academia, that we might more quickly bring powerful and targeted therapies 
And so, please consider this a work in progress, but I'd like to tell you today a story about a very rare cancer called midline carcinoma, about the undruggable protein target that causes this cancer, called BRD4, and about a molecule developed at my lab at Dana-Farber Cancer Institute, called JQ1, which we affectionately named for Jun Qi, the chemist that made this molecule. 
I have a small lab. 
The cancer cells -- small, round and rapidly dividing, grew these arms and extensions. 
We gave them our email address, suggesting that if they write us, we'll send them a free molecule. 
This molecule will soon leave our benches and go into a small start-up company called Tensha Therapeutics. 
 I chose papercutting because paper is cheap, it's light, and you can use it in a lot of different ways. 
So artist books have a lot of definitions. 
They come in a lot of different shapes. 
So scrolls are very convenient, because you can create a large image on a very small table. 
I cannot speak for all my images, so I'll just go through a few of my worlds just with the title. 
I started with small images, I started with a few miles. 
 And running gives me a lot of energy. 
So the whole "Hells and Heavens" is about free will and determinism. 
So the stories, they have a lot of possibilities. 
They have a lot of scenarios. 
This was in Tampa, Florida, so I was like, "Winter clothes that I have no use for in Florida. 
 So I spent a lot of time in this building. 
Don't want to make it look like I'm making any sudden moves." 
And when you're in a situation where you have to justify every moment of your existence, you're put in the situation where you react in a very different manner. 
Sometimes they're really small purchases. 
Sometimes there's a lot of information. 
Sometimes you just get this, just an empty hallway in Salt Lake City, January 22nd. 
I spend a lot of time on the road. 
I spend a lot of time in gas stations too -- empty train stations. 
And then sometimes you don't get much information at all, you just get this empty bed. 
And sometimes you get a lot of text information and no visual information. 
So there's different categorizations of meals eaten outside empty train stations, empty gas stations. 
And really, it's not the most user-friendly interface. 
And if I give you this information directly, than if you were to try to go through and try to get bits and pieces. 
As an altar boy, I breathed in a lot of incense, and I learned to say phrases in Latin, but I also had time to think about whether my mother's top-down morality applied to everybody. 
So I started smaller. 
Yes, my mom was happy about that last one. 
We found, testing thousands of individuals, that five percent of the population don't release oxytocin on stimulus. 
So if you trust them, their brains don't release oxytocin. 
So we've studied sexually abused women, and about half those don't release oxytocin on stimulus. 
Weddings cause a release of oxytocin, but they do so in a very particular way. 
She had the biggest increase in oxytocin. 
I also worried that my trust experiments with small amounts of money didn't really capture how often we actually trust our lives to strangers. 
So we investigated the role of social media and found the using social media produced a solid double-digit increase in oxytocin. 
And they indeed also release oxytocin. 
And it's so easy to cause people's brains to release oxytocin. 
I'm happy to share a little more love in the world, it's great, but here's your prescription from Dr. Love: eight hugs a day. 
We have found that people who release more oxytocin are happier. 
We looked at the historical attempts that had been out there and realized that, despite the fact that we have a lot of modern innovations to draw on today that weren't available previously -- we have modern composite materials, we have aircraft engines that get good fuel economy and have better power-to-rate ratios than have ever been available, we have glass cockpit avionics that bring the information you need to fly 
It's a two-seat, single-engine airplane that works just like any other small airplane. 
Fortunately, necessity remains the mother of invention, and a lot of the design work that we're the most proud of with the aircraft came out of solving the unique problems of operating it on the ground -- everything from a continuously-variable transmission and liquid-based cooling system that allows us to use an aircraft engine in stop-and-go traffic, to a custom-designed gearbox that powers either the propeller when you're flying or the wheels on the ground, 
And you're all thinking what your neighbors would think of seeing that. 
 Test Pilot: Until the vehicle flies, 75 percent of your risk is that first flight. 
Radio: What did you think of that? 
We leverage a lot of technology from the state-of-the-art in general aviation and from automotive racing. 
Now since we started Terrafugia about 6 years ago, we've had a lot of those baby steps. 
The Transition will cost in line with other small airplanes. 
While nearly all of the commercial air travel in the world goes through a relatively small number of large hub airports, there is a huge underutilized resource out there. 
The Transition simultaneously expands our horizons while making the world a smaller, more accessible place. 
And in neuroscience, we have to deal with many difficult questions about the brain. 
We have a brain for one reason and one reason only, and that's to produce adaptable and complex movements. 
There can be no evolutionary advantage to laying down memories of childhood or perceiving the color of a rose if it doesn't affect the way you're going to move later in life. 
When it comes to being dexterous, it's not even clear what the algorithm is you have to solve to be dexterous. 
And we'll see you have to both perceive and act on the world, which has a lot of problems. 
Now a lot of robotics is very impressive, but manipulation robotics is really just in the dark ages. 
Now we can compare this to cutting-edge human performance. 
So if you're lucky enough to be able to knock a small white ball into a hole several hundred yards away using a long metal stick, our society will be willing to reward you with hundreds of millions of dollars. 
I'm not going to explain what that formula is, but it's very beautiful. 
But you can imagine looking inside the brain. 
So one way to reconstruct that is to compare the prediction -- which is only based on your movement commands -- with the reality. 
Well there's one very clear example where a sensation generated by myself feels very different then if generated by another person. 
If I move in this particular way, I end up with a smaller variability across many movements. 
So we've shown that using this, we can explain a huge amount of data -- that exactly people are going about their lives planning movements so as to minimize negative consequences of noise. 
But it's also relevant for disease and rehabilitation. 
And finally, I want to remind you, when you see animals do what look like very simple tasks, the actual complexity of what is going on inside their brain is really quite dramatic. 
DW: No, no, actually I think they're all important to drive the right movement behavior to get reproduction in the end. 
The fact that we forget most of our childhood, for example, is probably fine, because it doesn't effect our movements later in life. 
 You heard her, go ahead. 
So we go from, say, this beautiful and complex crystal as non-life, and this rather beautiful and complex cat on the other side. 
If we couple the first two -- the body and the metabolism -- we can come up with a system that could perhaps move and replicate, and if we coupled these now to inheritable information, we can come up with a system that would be more lifelike, and would perhaps evolve. 
You might think of this as kind of like a primitive cell. It is a simple chemical model of a living cell, and if you consider for example a cell in your body may have on the order of millions of different types of molecules that need to come together, play together in a complex network to produce something that we call alive. 
So just through self-assembly, mixing things together in the lab, we can come up with, say, a metabolic surface with some informational molecules attached inside of this membrane body, right? 
Now, this doesn't have a brain, it doesn't have a neural system. This is just a sack of chemicals that is able to have this interesting and complex lifelike behavior. 
On the other hand we have two moving protocells that like to circle each other, and they form a kind of a dance, a complex dance with each other. 
So the way this works is, you have a simple system of five chemicals here, a simple system here. When they hybridize, you then form something that's different than before, it's more complex than before, and you get the emergence of another kind of lifelike behavior which in this case is replication. 
Rather, they'd be a real complex mixture of all kinds of stuff, because uncontrolled chemical reactions produce a diverse mixture of organic compounds. 
Think of it like a primordial ooze, okay? 
So the challenge then is, throw away all your pure chemicals in the lab, and try to make some protocells with lifelike properties from this kind of primordial ooze. 
And we put them into one of these experiments, as you've seen earlier, and then we watch lively movement that comes out. 
These are very dirty little protocells, But they have lifelike properties, is the point. 
And as I grew up, it became worse and worse, And I started to think of it as a form of control. 
He would hold on to the receiver and expect me to dial a number for him. 
So here you can see, we embedded a lot of electronics that understands all of the mechanical actions and converts it to digital. 
Well imagine a small cube that's about this big standing in front of you in the middle of the room, and as you approached it, it tried to intimidate you that's twice its height and [eight] times its volume. 
So we work with a lot of technology, but we don't really love technology, because it gives us a lot of pain in our work over years and years. 
We also produce media for dissemination to the public -- free through the CyArk website. 
The more I got involved in the heritage field, the more it became clear to me that we are losing the sites and the stories faster than we can physically preserve them. 
This includes arson, urban sprawl, acid rain, not to mention terrorism and wars. It was getting more and more apparent that we're fighting a losing battle. 
Because of this accelerated pace of destruction, it became clear to us that we needed to challenge ourselves and our partners to accelerate our work. 
Towards the front of the brain is the place in which all of the more complex thought, decision making -- it's the last to mature in late adulthood. 
But there's actually a lot of structure there. 
There are also these smaller cells as you'll see. 
There's a lot of criteria by which we're selecting these brains. 
We want to make sure that we have normal humans between the ages of 20 to 60, they died a somewhat natural death with no injury to the brain, no history of psychiatric disease, no drugs on board -- we do a toxicology workup. 
Males are much more likely to die an accidental death in the prime of their life. 
And you can think of this as our satellite view for our map. 
And again, you can think of this as almost mapping our interstate highways, if you will. 
So this is where experts come in and they make basic anatomic assignments. 
From this, we're able to then fragment that brain into further pieces, which then we can put on a smaller cryostat. 
You can see collections and configurations of large and small cells in clusters and various places. 
Now this may look like a bunch of dots to you, but each one of these individual dots is actually a unique piece of the human genome that we spotted down on glass. 
So if you're in drug discovery, for example, you can go through an entire listing of what the genome has on offer to find perhaps better drug targets and optimize. 
But what you get out of such an exercise is simply a list of genes. 
Now they can come in and they can start to get clues about activity. 
Now what do those differences look like? 
And watching that videotape later that day inspired me to keep doing what I do. 
A high school kid in Texas wrote me in 2006 and said, "You should get as many people as possible to put on blue polo shirts and khaki pants and go into a Best Buy and stand around." 
This is the Best Buy in New York City. 
A lot of them made jokes about trying to get us to go to the back to get heavy television sets for customers. 
Ultimately, the police had to inform Best Buy management to wear a blue polo shirt and khaki pants. 
 So we had been there for 20 minutes; we were happy to exit the store. 
But the one camera guy they never caught was the guy that went in just with a blank tape and went over to the Best Buy camera department and just put his tape in one of their cameras and pretended to shop. 
So I decided to try and stage something that could make it as happy as possible for one morning. 
And you know, not everybody's going to like everything you do, and I've certainly developed a thick skin thanks to Internet comments, but that one's always bothered me, because we don't have too much time on our hands. 
Commentator Two: And as he approaches the ground, he's going to pull down on those toggles to flare, slow himself down just a little bit, and then come in for a nice landing. 
YR: It was about 20 years ago, when I discovered free falling. 
When you go out of an airplane, you are almost naked. 
So the idea was, okay, keep that feeling of freedom, but change the vector and increase the time. 
YR: That's really the goal, because if you put in steering, then you reinvent the airplane. 
I want to go down like that. 
BG: Describe for me the equipment, since you have it here. 
So I just check before it's finished. 
Never with that type of wing, but at the beginning. I can release my wing when I am in a spin or unstable. 
And you don't look like a crazy guy; you're a Swiss airline pilot, so you're rather a checklist kind of guy. 
BG: So the beginning of the flight is actually you jump off a plane or a helicopter, and you go on a dive and accelerate the engines, and then you basically take off mid-air somewhere. 
 Thanks to the increasing technology, better technology, it will be safe. 
I created it because a lot of people at school disliked Justin Bieber a little bit, so I decided to make the app. 
A lot of people ask me, how did I make these? 
A lot of times it's because the person who asked the question wants to make an app also. 
A lot of kids these days like to play games, but now they want to make them, and it's difficult, because not many kids know where to go to find out how to make a program. 
And their parents, the kid's parents might have done some of these things when they were young, but not many parents have written apps.  Where do you go to find out how to make an app? 
I've gotten a lot of interest and encouragement from my family, friends, teachers and even people at the Apple Store, and that's been a huge help to me. 
I've gotten a lot of inspiration from Steve Jobs, and I've started an app club at school, and a teacher at my school is kindly sponsoring my app club. 
When we design the app and we sell it, it will be free to local districts and other districts that we sell to, all the money from that will go into the local ed foundations. 
So if there are genes like that, then you can imagine that, if you could change one of the genes in an experiment, an aging gene, maybe you could slow down aging and extend lifespan. 
So we've set out to look for genes that control aging. 
And we were very lucky to find that mutations that damage one single gene called daf-2 doubled the lifespan of the little worm. 
And now I want to show what they actually look like in this movie here. 
Is it miserable? It doesn't seem to be. 
Now get out your handkerchiefs here. 
And when I tell people about this, they tend to think of maybe an 80 or 90 year-old person who looks really good for being 90 or 80. 
So that means that the normal function of this hormone receptor is to speed up aging. 
You know about a lot of them. 
So it suggests that, if we could have a therapeutic or a pill to take to replicate some of these effects in humans, maybe we would have a way of combating lots of different age-related diseases all at once. 
So FOXO turns on a lot of genes. 
Well we think that insulin and IGF-1 hormones are hormones that are particularly active under favorable conditions -- in the good times -- when food is plentiful and there's not a lot of stress in the environment. 
So you can think of FOXO as being like a building superintendent. 
And that means that, maybe if we tweak it a little bit, we can increase the health and longevity of people. 
So we've been trying in our lab now to develop drugs that will activate this FOXO cell using human cells now in order to try and come up with drugs that will delay aging and age-related diseases. 
CK: There are. There are some animals that don't seem to age. 
If you look at birds, which live a long time, cells from the birds tend to be more resistant to a lot of different environmental stresses like high temperature or hydrogen peroxide, things like that. 
So what I'm going to do and in a moment of PowerPoint democracy, you can imagine what you'd like to see. 
So therefore, we get a lot of complaints every single week -- complaints including one we get very often, which is to say the very title, "Infinite Monkey Cage," celebrates the idea of vivisection. 
We have made it quite clear to these people that an infinite monkey cage is roomy. 
 Now astrology -- we remove the banal idea that your life could be predicted; that you'll, perhaps today, meet a lucky man who's wearing a hat. 
If you ever think that your life is rubbish, always remember there's another you that's made much worse decisions than that. 
Even though I know the chair is made of atoms and therefore actually in many ways empty space, I find it comfortable. 
And I realize I'm observing this with the brain, the human brain, the most complex thing in the known universe. 
Now for some people, that seems to lead to an idea of nihilism. 
Now we'll explain that in a second. 
Let me first explain how Rezero actually keeps his balance. 
Due to the Ballbot system, it has a very small footprint and it's also easy to move around. 
 For this delight and for this wonder,  They were happy because the story survived, and that the world would keep on spinning. 
I'd go to the general store for a cup of coffee and a brownie, and I'd ship my film to San Francisco, and lo and behold, two days later, it would end up on my front door, which was way better than having to fight the traffic of Hollywood.  I didn't have much money, but I had time and a sense of wonder.  So I started shooting time-lapse photography. 
I've been shooting time-lapse flowers continuously, non-stop, 24 hours a day, seven days a week, for over 30 years, and to see them move is a dance I'll never get tired of. 
When we see ourselves in nature, it also connects us to every one of us, because it's clear that it's all connected in one. 
When people see my images, a lot of times they'll say, "Oh my God." Have you ever wondered what that meant? 
And if you compare light energy to musical scales, it would only be one octave that the naked eye could see, which is right in the middle? 
We just think of the weather, and even with the weather, we don't think of all the many nuances of weather. 
We just think of good weather and bad weather. 
So I was basically just willing to settle for just reading the next Wired magazine and finding out how the experts were going to figure out how to solve all these problems for us in the future. 
Now light and temperature vary with each window's microclimate, so a window farm requires a farmer, and she must decide what kind of crops she is going to put in her window farm, and whether she is going to feed her food organically. 
Back at the time, a window farm was no more than a technically complex idea that was going to require a lot of testing. 
And I really wanted it to be an open project, because hydroponics is one of the fastest growing areas of patenting and could possibly become another area like Monsanto, where we have a lot of corporate intellectual property in the way of people's food. 
 So to bring on more co-developers, what we did was we created a social media site on which we published the designs, we explained how they worked, and we even went so far as to point out everything that was wrong with these systems. 
What we get out of this project is we get support for our own work, as well as an experience of actually contributing to the environmental movement in a way other than just screwing in new light bulbs. 
But I think that Eileen expresses best what we really get out of this, which is the actual joy of collaboration. 
It wasn't until days later as I lay in a coma that the doctors diagnosed me with bacterial meningitis, a vaccine-preventable blood infection. 
I thought the worst was over until weeks later when I saw my new legs for the first time. 
The calves were bulky blocks of metal with pipes bolted together for the ankles and a yellow rubber foot with a raised rubber line from the toe to the ankle to look like a vein. 
Four months later I was back up on a snowboard, although things didn't go quite as expected: My knees and my ankles wouldn't bend and at one point I traumatized all the skiers on the chair lift when I fell and my legs, still attached to my snowboard —  — went flying down the mountain, and I was on top of the mountain still. 
But if you ask me today, if I would ever want to change my situation, I would have to say no. 
And then three years later -- which in fairness, kind of is forever by Hollywood standards -- they broke up, and Johnny went and got a little bit of repair work done. 
I made a lot of mistakes and dumb decisions, of course. 
In other words, I had drunk our great cultural Kool-Aid about regret, which is that lamenting things that occurred in the past is an absolute waste of time, that we should always look forward and not backward, and that one of the noblest and best things we can do is strive to live a life free of regrets. 
And it seems like kind of an admirable philosophy at first -- something we might all agree to sign onto ... 
It's also, by the way, a characteristic of certain kinds of brain damage. 
So if, in fact, you want to live a life free of regret, there is an option open to you. 
We need to be able to imagine going back and making a different choice, and then we need to be able to kind of spool this imaginary record forward and imagine how things would be playing out in our present. 
Well because, if you miss your flight by three minutes, it is painfully easy to imagine that you could have made different decisions that would have led to a better outcome. 
Now within that framework, we can obviously experience regret about a lot of different things. 
Here's what the answers turn out to look like. 
So if you're sitting there stressing about large cap versus small cap, or company A versus company B, or should you buy the Subaru or the Prius, you know what, let it go. 
And the thought was, "Make it go away!" 
The second characteristic component of regret is a sense of bewilderment. 
Now the effect of perseveration is to basically take these first three components of regret So it's not that I sat there in my bedroom that night, thinking, "Make it go away." 
It's that I sat there and I thought, "Make it go away. Make it go away. 
Make it go away. Make it go away." 
And I think of this as a kind of existential wake-up call. 
And I think it's particularly painful for us now in the West in the grips of what I sometimes think of as a Control-Z culture -- Control-Z like the computer command, undo. 
But it might seem like a kind of cruel or glib suggestion when it comes to these more profound regrets. 
Here's the thing, if we have goals and dreams, and we want to do our best, and if we love people and we don't want to hurt them or lose them, we should feel pain when things go wrong. 
He was struggling to explain something to me: a beautiful experiment that uses lasers to cool down matter. 
So as my friend was trying to explain that experiment, it seemed like the more he said, the less I understood. 
Because if you're trying to give someone the big picture of a complex idea, to really capture its essence, the fewer words you use, the better. 
In fact, the ideal may be to use no words at all. 
Of course, there never seem to be any dancers around when you need them. 
Instead of explaining their research with words, scientists have to explain it with dance. 
It's basically efficient brainstorming, and when I visited David to learn about his research, he used dancers to explain it to me rather than the usual method: PowerPoint. 
Rather than dancing our Ph.Ds, we should use dance to explain all of our complex problems. 
Imagine our politicians using dance to explain why we must invade a foreign country or bail out an investment bank. 
Now when we think of our senses, we don't usually think of the reasons why they probably evolved, from a biological perspective. 
We don't really think of the evolutionary need to be protected by our senses, but that's probably why our senses really evolved -- to keep us safe, to allow us to live. 
Really when we think of our senses, or when we think of the loss of the sense, we really think about something more like this: the ability to touch something luxurious, to taste something delicious, to smell something fragrant, to see something beautiful. 
It takes about an hour and a half to two hours, depending on where it's done, And in the end, you achieve something like this where an electrode array is inserted inside the cochlea. 
Now there are a lot of reasons for that. 
I mean, most of us know that pitch is a fundamental building block of music. 
Now this is a MIDI arrangement of Rachmaninoff's Prelude. 
Go ahead and play this one. 
The sound quality, or the sound of the sound is how I like to describe timbre, tone color -- they cannot tell these things whatsoever. 
Go ahead and play that. 
 And so there is certainly a lot of hope, but there's a lot more that needs to be done. 
And let me tell you right now, it's fine that we would all be very happy with speech. 
It helped a local, Lech Walesa, to kick out one million Soviet troops from Poland, and in beginning the end of the Soviet Union as we know it. 
And everybody was amazed when the refrigerator opened, and millions of young, mainly secular people stepped out to do the change. 
Well, the news here is that your skills during the conflict seem to be more important than the conditions. 
You look at the Egyptians, they fight on Tahrir Square, they get rid of their individual symbols, they appear on the street only with the flag of Egypt. 
First, you start small. 
So, we pick tactics accommodated to the event, especially this thing we call the small tactics of dispersion. 
You know, we were just a small group of crazy students in Serbia when we made this big skit. 
Well, that's just the beginning of the show. 
They also make it a bit safer for the participants, because they give partial anonymity. We're watching the great example of something else the Internet can do. 
So for example, in the case of Ticketmaster, the reason you have to type these distorted characters is to prevent scalpers from writing a program that can buy millions of tickets, two at a time. 
And since they're used so often, a lot of times the precise sequence of random characters that is shown to the user is not so fortunate. 
So let me explain how this works. 
So there's a lot of projects out there trying to digitize books. 
Especially for older books where the ink has faded and the pages have turned yellow, OCR cannot recognize a lot of the words. 
We don't tell you which one's which, and we say, please type both. 
And basically, since we released it about three or four years ago, a lot of websites have started switching from the old CAPTCHA where people wasted their time to the new CAPTCHA where people are helping to digitize books. 
So every time you buy tickets on Ticketmaster, you help to digitize a book. 
So this actually has given rise to a really big Internet meme that tens of thousands of people have participated in, which is called CAPTCHA art. 
So the question that motivates my research is the following: If you look at humanity's large-scale achievements, these really big things that humanity has gotten together and done historically -- like for example, building the pyramids of Egypt or the Panama Canal or putting a man on the Moon -- there is a curious fact about them, and it is that they were all done with about the same number off people. 
So based on this question, we've had a lot of different projects that we've been working on. 
Okay, so there's a lot of things to say about this question. 
It makes a lot of mistakes. 
Wikipedia exists in Spanish, but it's very small compared to the size of English. 
If we wanted to translate the other 80 percent into Spanish, it would cost at least 50 million dollars -- and this is at even the most exploited, outsourcing country out there. 
The first one is a lack of bilinguals. 
The other problem you're going to run into is a lack of motivation. 
And that is to transform language translation into something that millions of people want to do, and that also helps with the problem of lack of bilinguals, and that is language education. 
So what we've been working on for the last year and a half is a new website -- it's called Duolingo -- where the basic idea is people learn a new language for free while simultaneously translating the Web. 
There's, of course, a lot of very simple sentences on the Web. 
And as you get more and more advanced, we give you more and more complex sentences to translate. 
But the magical thing here is that they're paying with their time, but that is time that would have had to have been spent anyways learning the language. 
Each of these silk fibers exits from the spigot, and if you were to trace the fiber back into the spider, what you would find is that each spigot connects to its own individual silk gland. A silk gland kind of looks like a sac with a lot of silk proteins stuck inside. 
This is the kind of sequence that I love looking at day and night.  So what you're seeing here is the one letter abbreviation for amino acids, and I've colored in the glycines with green, and the alanines in red, and so you can see it's just a lot of G's and A's. 
You can also see that there's a lot of short sequence motifs that repeat over and over and over again, so for example there's a lot of what we call polyalanines, or iterated A's, AAAAA. There's GGQ. There's GGY. 
You can think of these short motifs that repeat over and over again as words, and these words occur in sentences. 
Specifically, if you look on the vertical axis, that's stress. If you look at the maximum stress value for each of these fibers, you can see that there's a lot of variation, and in fact dragline, or major ampullate silk, is the strongest of these fibers. 
On the other hand, if you were to look at strain -- this is how much a fiber can be extended -- if you look at the maximum value here, again, there's a lot of variation and the clear winner is flagelliform, or the capture spiral filament. 
Think of hunting with silly string. 
We don't really know why scytodes needs such a tough dragline, but it's unexpected results like this that make bio-prospecting so exciting and worthwhile. 
And the strength, extensibility and toughness of spider silks combined with the fact that silks do not elicit an immune response, have attracted a lot of interest in the use of spider silks in biomedical applications, for example, as a component of artificial tendons, for serving as guides to regrow nerves, and for scaffolds for tissue growth. 
Spider silks also have a lot of potential for their anti-ballistic capabilities. 
So it's hard to even describe what a funny note would be. 
 Anyway, I just wanted to sort of point out the way that we handle it. 
If I come up and I dictate to the band that I want to play like this and I want the music to go this way, and I just jump right in ... 
These are opium-addicted people on the roofs of Kabul 10 years after the beginning of our war. 
What do we know about the death threats by the Taliban nailed on the doors of the people who dare to send their daughters to school as in Balkh? 
My aim is to give a voice to the silent people, behind the curtain of the great game, the small worlds ignored by the media and the prophets of a global conflict. 
And that may be 20 minutes later per piece. 
Please go cut that piece out." 
So imagine that you make a solution full of this sticky material and inject it into the veins of someone who has cancer, everything's going to get lit up. 
And the two pieces are then linked by something that can only be cut if you have the right molecular scissors -- for example, the kind of protease enzymes that tumors make. 
The light that the fluorescence emits can go through tissue. 
You see a lot of little, roundish bumps there. 
I won't go into this very much, but our technology, besides being able to tag tumor and metastatic lymph nodes with fluorescence, we can also use the same smart three-part molecule to tag gadolinium onto the system so you can do this noninvasively. 
That's a lot of people to have a lot of problems -- and this is even in so-called nerve-sparing surgery, which means that the surgeon is aware of the problem, and they are trying to avoid the nerves. 
But you know what, these little nerves are so small, in the context of prostate cancer, that they are actually never seen. 
And at first this didn't get a lot of support. 
Basically, we've come up with a way to stain tissue and color-code the surgical field. 
This was a bit of a breakthrough. 
And we showed it to a lot of my surgical colleagues. 
We began the project with an interim report, which quickly pulled together a lot of information that had been collected on the subject by many, many researchers. And amongst our compiled results was the startling revelation that, in fact, we were losing natural capital -- the benefits that flow from nature to us. 
We then have gone on since to present for [the] international community, for governments, for local governments and for business and for people, for you and me, a whole slew of reports, which were presented at the U.N. last year, which address the economic invisibility of nature and describe what can be done to solve it. 
We did estimates in our study that for countries like Brazil, India and Indonesia, even though ecosystem services -- these benefits that flow from nature to humanity for free -- they're not very big in percentage terms of GDP -- two, four, eight, 10, 15 percent -- but in these countries, if we measure how much they're worth to the poor, the answers are more like 45 percent, 75 percent, 90 percent. 
So you compare the two sides of the coin and you find that it's more like 1,200 to 600. 
Just a year later the Yangtze flooded, causing something like 5,500 deaths. 
Now that's not a happy situation for them, but they have the confidence and the courage to come forward and say, "Here's what we are measuring. 
If more companies did this, and if more sectors engaged this as sectors, you could have analysts, business analysts, and you could have people like us and consumers and NGOs actually look and compare the social performance of companies. 
A bit like inflation: you over-issue currency, you get what you see, declining prices. 
Well I'm afraid not. 
Instead of making foods that look like things that you wouldn't eat, we decided to make ingredients look like dishes that you know. 
So the chips are candied, the ground beef is made from chocolate, and the cheese is made from a shredded mango sorbet that gets shredded into liquid nitrogen to look like cheese. 
And basically the reaction tends to be kind of like this.  BR: Yeah, that's our chef de cuisine, Chris Jones. This is not the only guy that just flips out when we assign a ridiculous task, but a lot of these ideas, they're hard to understand. 
There's a lot of research and a lot of failure, trial and error -- I guess, more error -- so we don't always get it right, and it takes a while for us to be able to explain that to people. 
So after we do that, we put it into a vacuum bag, add a little bit of seaweed, some spices, and we roll it, and this starts taking on the appearance of tuna. 
I told the staff, let's just take a bunch of wild plants, think of them as food ingredients. As long as they're non-poisonous to the human body, go out around Chicago sidewalks, take it, blend it, cook it and then have everybody flavor-trip on it at Moto. 
So developing nations and first-world nations, imagine if you could take these wild plants and consume them, food miles would basically turn into food feet. 
People swore they were eating barbecue sauce, and this is free food. 
Somebody was smart and put a Bic pen in my neck to open up my airway so that I could get some air in there. 
I was wrapped in ice and then eventually put into a drug-induced coma. 
18 months later I woke up. 
I had lots of titanium put in me, cadaver bones to try to get my feet moving the right way. 
But imagine what it was like for them when I showed up at their doorstep? 
This kid needs a lot of work." 
So I had to go through trying to eat again. 
But I did say no to the blue hair. 
10 years later I gained my sight back. 
And it's quite clear that, in order to make minds, we need to construct neural maps. 
So imagine a grid, like the one I'm showing you right now, and now imagine, within that grid, that two-dimensional sheet, imagine neurons. 
Now to bring home the point of how close it is -- the relationship between the grid of neurons and the topographical arrangement of the activity of the neurons and our mental experience -- I'm going to tell you a personal story. 
So just think of this: you have a grid of neurons, and now you have a plane mechanical change in the position of the grid, and you get a warping of your mental experience. 
If you deviate too much that are close to the midline of that life-permitting survival range, you go into disease or death. 
Because if you don't have that sameness, physiologically, you're going to be sick or you're going to die. 
Only the wealth of our minds is, not the very fact that we have a self that we can refer to our own existence, and that we have any sense of person. 
Think of strokes that can devastate your mind or render you unconscious. 
Well resisting temptation is hard, as the 19th century English economist Nassau William Senior said, "To abstain from the enjoyment which is in our power, or to seek distant rather than immediate results, are among the most painful exertions of the human will." 
If you set goals for yourself and you're like a lot of other people, you probably realize it's not that your goals are physically impossible that's keeping you from achieving them, it's that you lack the self-discipline to stick to them. 
That is to say, we somehow might not believe that we're going to get old, or we might not be able to imagine that we're going to get old some day. 
So my coauthors and I have used computers, the greatest tool of our time, to assist people's imagination and help them imagine what it might be like to go into the future. 
Being up at the top means that you're enjoying a high income in retirement. 
Once you find an investment that you're happy with, what people do is they click "done" and the markers begin to disappear, slowly, one by one. 
Yes, this person retired at 150 percent of their working income in retirement. 
If you're like most people, just seeing that gave you a small sense of elation and joy -- just to think about making 50 percent more money in retirement than before. 
However, had you ended up on the very bottom, it might have given you a slight sense of dread and/or nausea thinking about struggling to get by in retirement. 
By using this tool over and over and simulating outcome after outcome, people can understand that the investments and savings that they undertake today determine their well-being in the future. 
As you move down the ladder of apartments, you see that they get worse and worse. 
Some of them look like places I lived in as a graduate student. 
The older face is miserable. 
Well I'm not a particularly brave person, I have to confess it, but I could not just ignore him. 
I was ready to tell him, "Listen, if someone such-and-such comes tomorrow, please tell him that it was a mistake. 
We have to go away. We cannot stay here." 
So we chose a small spot in the garden. 
And I will never forget Mahmoud and his son walking together pushing the empty wheelchair. 
He read my mind, and he said, "I ask for a job." 
"Well yes, we need to increase the production of feet. 
We need to increase the production." 
And it's even cruel to think of anything like this. 
He has regained his full dignity thanks to that job. 
This potential is not for the lucky few. 
Now let me say something about the staircase, which may seem like an odd metaphor for seniors given the fact that many seniors are challenged by stairs. 
In this article, Mr. Selinger wrote the following to describe what was happening to him. 
I discovered a couple of years later that this process that I had gone through is called by psychologists "doing a life review." 
You may discover, as I did, that a lot of things that you used to think were your fault, a lot of things you used to think about yourself, really had nothing to do with you. 
You're able to free yourself from your past. 
And my message for you is that I believe we are condemned, if you like, to live at just one of those moments in history when the gimbals upon which the established order of power is beginning to change and the new look of the world, the new powers that exist in the world, are beginning to take form. 
You might argue that the last time it happened -- and that's what Housman felt coming and what Churchill felt too -- was that when power passed from the old nations, the old powers of Europe, across the Atlantic to the new emerging power of the United States of America -- the beginning of the American century. 
Mao Zedong used to refer to them as the European civil wars, and it's probably a more accurate way of describing them. 
And the second is about some new dimension which I want to refer to, which has never quite happened in the way it's happening now. 
These live in a global space which is largely unregulated, not subject to the rule of law, and in which people may act free of constraint. 
The revelation of 9/11 is that even if you are the most powerful nation on earth, even in your most iconic of cities one bright September morning. 
And I believe that the decades ahead of us now will be to a greater or lesser extent turbulent the more or less we are able to achieve that aim: to bring governance to the global space. 
And if you look, you can see them happening, already beginning to emerge. 
And watch that beginning to happen. 
You're beginning to see the emergence of a multi-polar world. 
a great British foreign secretary, Lord Canning, used to describe it as the "European concert of powers." 
My guess is that we're reaching the beginning of the end of 400 years -- I say 400 years because it's the end of the Ottoman Empire -- of the hegemony of Western power, Western institutions and Western values. 
Because the actions of a nation state are neither confined to itself, nor is it sufficient for the nation state itself to control its own territory, because the effects outside the nation state are now beginning to affect what happens inside them. 
I was a young soldier in the last of the small empire wars of Britain. 
Now if I want to talk about the defense of my country, I have to speak to the Minister of Health because pandemic disease is a threat to my security, I have to speak to the Minister of Agriculture because food security is a threat to my security, I have to speak to the Minister of Industry because the fragility of our hi-tech infrastructure is now a point of attack for our enemies -- 
And it goes: "Every man's death affected me, for I am involved in mankind, send not to ask for whom the bell tolls, it tolls for thee." 
And I also encountered a project called Six-Word Memoirs where people were asked, take your whole life and please sum this up into six words, such as these here: "Found true love, married someone else." 
So if a novel can be put into six words and a whole memoir can be put into six words, you don't need more than six words for a TEDTalk. 
So I started asking all my friends, please take your favorite TEDTalk and put that into six words. 
Or some even included references to the speakers, such as Nathan Myhrvold's speaking style, or the one of Tim Ferriss, which might be considered a bit strenuous at times. 
The challenge here is, if I try to systematically do this, I would probably end up with a lot of summaries, but not with many friends in the end. 
And luckily there's a website for that called Mechanical Turk, which is a website where you can post tasks that you don't want to do yourself, such as "Please summarize this text for me in six words." 
So what if I don't let people summarize individual TEDTalks to six words, but give them 10 TEDTalks at the same time and say, "Please do a six-word summary for that one." 
But in the end, amazingly, again, people were able to do it. 
This time I paid 25 cents because I thought the task was a bit harder. 
And unfortunately when I first received the answers -- and here you'll see six of the answers -- I was a bit disappointed. 
Because I think you'll agree, they all summarize some aspect of TED, but to me they felt a bit bland, or they just had a certain aspect of TED in them. 
They are also organic compounds in which one or more of the hydrogens in ammonia is replaced with a more complex group. 
Studies show that antioxidants are known to decrease these heterocyclic amines. 
And as you can see, none of the organizations consider the compounds to be safe, which justifies the need to decrease them in our diet. 
Now you might wonder how a 13 year-old girl could come up with this idea. 
They weren't sued because there was carcinogens in the chicken, but they were sued because of California's Proposition 65, which stated that if there's anything dangerous in the products then the companies had to give a clear warning. 
And I was wondering why nobody knew more about this dangerous grilled chicken, which doesn't seem very harmful. 
And later in biology class, I learned that it's due to a process called denaturing, which is where the proteins will change shape and lose their ability to chemically function. 
And I found that if you increase the time cooked, the amount of carcinogens rapidly increases. 
However, anything you can do to decrease the risk of potential carcinogens can definitely increase the quality of lifestyle. 
And I want all of you to imagine a little girl holding a dead blue spinach plant. 
It got a bit more complicated from there. 
My older brother Panaki Bose spent hours of his time explaining atoms to me when I barely understood basic algebra. 
And I remember watching my family go through that and thinking that I never wanted another family to feel that kind of loss. 
So that's what we set out to do. 
In fact, it means that if a patient comes in and they're resistant to this drug, then if we give them a chemical to block this protein, then we can treat them again with the same drug. 
One death every 20 seconds. 
At first, I just wanted to figure out which of these four pollutants have the largest negative health impact on the lung health of asthmatic patients. 
So I want you to imagine that you're in Julie's shoes, or someone who's really close to you who suffers from asthma or another lung disorder. 
So any user can come in here and click on "lung function report" and it'll take them to this report that I created. 
And if you're remodeling your house, take out all the carpeting and put in hardwood flooring." 
And that made a huge impact on me Because what I feel, is a lot of us think that the environment is at a macro level, that we can't do anything to change our air quality or to change the climate or anything. 
Can I have Shree and Lauren come up really quickly? 
Amongst all the troubling deficits we struggle with today -- we think of financial and economic primarily -- the ones that concern me most is the deficit of political dialogue -- our ability to address modern conflicts to go to the source of what they're all about and to understand the key players and to deal with them. 
We who are diplomats, we are trained to deal with conflicts between states and issues between states. 
And we struggle with how to deal with them. 
The rules of engagement: how to talk, when to talk, and how to deal with them. 
And the way they deal with their conflicts rapidly spreads to other countries. 
They need an inclusive process where the real fabric of this very complicated society can deal with their issues. 
And who knows what it will be called in the end. 
And we find out in the West that we know very little about what's happening. 
So now that they are emerging in the street and we salute the democratic revolution, we find out how little we know. 
If you talk in the right way, you make it very clear that talking is not agreeing. 
How can we escape [having] a double-standard, if we at the same time preach democracy and at the same time don't want to deal with the groups that are representative? 
If we're going to deal with political conflict-solving of conflicts, if we're going to understand these new groups which are coming from bottom-up, supported by technology, which is available to all, we diplomats cannot be sitting back in the banquets believing that we are doing interstate relations. 
When I enter into dialogue, I really hope that the other side would pick up my points of view, my opinions and my values. 
How are we going to solve climate change through negotiations, unless we are able to make civil society and people, not part of the problem, but part of the solution? It is going to demand an inclusive process of diplomacy as we are heading to new rounds of difficult climate negotiations, but when we move toward something which has to be much more along a broad mobilization. 
And when tension increased, they already had that dialogue, and that was a strength to deal with different issues. 
♫ she said, "You will grow free on this land" ♫ ♫ Women of hope ♫ ♫ Women of change ♫ ♫ Women of war and pain ♫ ♫ I can feel your power ♫ ♫ in these words she said ♫ ♫ If you're feeling helpless ♫ ♫ help someone ♫ ♫ If you're feeling helpless ♫ ♫ help someone ♫ ♫ Nobody really knows ♫ ♫ how far they will go ♫ 
It's a fast, cheap device that answers an important question: Is this water contaminated? 
PIPA is short for PROTECTIP, which is itself short for Preventing Real Online Threats to Economic Creativity and Theft of Intellectual Property -- because the congressional aides who name these things have a lot of time on their hands. 
They want to raise the cost of copyright compliance to the point where people simply get out of the business of offering it as a capability to amateurs. 
Now the domain name system is the thing that turns human-readable names, like Google.com, into the kinds of addresses machines expect -- 74.125.226.212. 
Now to understand how Congress came to write a bill that won't accomplish its stated goals, but will produce a lot of pernicious side effects, you have to understand a little bit about the back story. 
Which meant that if you fielded average content, you got a third of the U.S. public for free -- tens of millions of users for simply doing something that wasn't too terrible. 
This is like having a license to print money and a barrel of free ink. 
And they thought that they clarified the issue, because they'd set out a clear distinction between legal and illegal copying. 
So when the Audio Home Recording Act of 1992 was passed, the media businesses gave up on the idea of legal versus illegal distinctions for copying because it was clear that if Congress was acting in their framework, they might actually increase the rights of citizens to participate in our own media environment. 
It was a complicated piece of legislation, a lot of moving parts. 
Now the DMCA had, and is continuing to have, a lot of complicated effects, but in this one domain, limiting sharing, it has mostly not worked. 
But where the DMCA was surgical -- we want to go down into your computer, we want to go down into your television set, down into your game machine, and prevent it from doing what they said it would do at the store -- PIPA and SOPA are nuclear and they're saying, we want to go anywhere in the world and censor content. 
Now the mechanism, as I said, for doing this, is you need to take out anybody pointing to those IP addresses. 
Because in the end, the real threat to the enactment of PIPA and SOPA is our ability to share things with one another. 
Imagine this sign everywhere -- except imagine it doesn't say College Bakery, imagine it says YouTube and Facebook and Twitter. 
They just want the sharing to go away. 
Because until we convince Congress that the way to deal with copyright violation is the way copyright violation was dealt with with Napster, with YouTube, which is to have a trial with all the presentation of evidence and the hashing out of facts and the assessment of remedies that goes on in democratic societies. 
What I'm going to do is, I'm going to explain to you an extreme green concept that was developed at NASA's Glenn Research Center But before I do that, we have to go over the definition of what green is, 'cause a lot of us have a different definition of it. 
One of the national aeronautics goals is to develop the next generation of fuels, biofuels, using domestic and safe, friendly resources. 
If you are into the business of the next generation of aviation fuels, algae is a viable option, there's a lot of funding right now, and we have an algae to fuels program. 
What we are trying to do is to come up with a single species that can survive anywhere in the world, where there's barren desert. 
So a lot of people ask me, "How did you get started?" 
It's a seedling lab. We have 26 different species of halophytes, and five are winners. What we do here is — actually it should be called a death lab, 'cause we try to kill the seedlings, make them rough — and then we come to the GreenLab. 
This is a macro-algae that loves excess nutrients. If you are in the aquarium industry you know we use it to clean up dirty tanks. 
And so we do G.C. extraction, lipid optimization, so on and so forth, because our goal really is to come up with the next generation of aviation fuels, aviation specifics, so on and so forth. 
And the reason why you see red, red and yellow, is a lot of people think NASA employees don't work on Saturday — This is a picture taken on Saturday. 
Here's a concept with this: We are using the GreenLab for a micro-grid test bed for the smart grid concept in Ohio. 
So I get a lot of questions about, "What are you doing in that lab?" 
This might seem to you like a very odd question. 
At least we have to understand a bit better what that means. 
A lot of companies use these for recruitment. 
You answer a lot of questions, and this is supposed to reveal something about your core personality. 
And if you pick up one of those magazines, it's hard to resist, isn't it? 
And I have to say now, I'll say it a bit later, but I'm not challenging this just because I'm weird, the challenge actually has a very, very long and distinguished history. 
There is a person who has all the things that make up our life experiences. 
In some ways, it's a small difference from the common-sense understanding. 
Why think of ourselves as somehow not just being a collection of all our parts, but somehow being a separate, permanent entity which has those parts? 
Well, a lot of people actually do use this talk of illusion and so forth. 
These are three psychologists, Thomas Metzinger, Bruce Hood, Susan Blackmore, a lot of these people do talk the language of illusion, the self is an illusion, it's a fiction. 
The fact that we are, in some ways, just this very, very complex collection, ordered collection of things, does not mean we're not real. 
But if you think of yourself as being, in a way, not a thing as such, but a kind of a process, something that is changing, then I think that's quite liberating. 
If you watch the X-Factor too much, you might buy into this idea that we can all be whatever we want to be. 
They have been around for almost 30 years now, which is quite amazing to think of, but they're only just starting to filter into the public arena. 
And we can take out the physical product, and ready to use, or to, perhaps, assemble into something else. 
And over time -- quite rapidly actually, in a number of hours -- we can build a physical product, ready to take out of the machine and use. 
Again you can see, this is a building of the Free University in Berlin and it was designed by Foster and Partners. 
They're also now small enough to sit on a desktop. 
You can buy a machine today for about $300 that you can create yourself, which is quite incredible. 
Can you imagine going online -- this is a reality -- and finding that spare part from a database of geometries of that discontinued product and downloading that information, that data, and having the product made for you at home, ready to use, on your demand? 
In fact, every major household name is allowing you to interact with their products on a daily basis -- all the way from Smart Cars to Prada to Ray Ban, for example. 
This fascination led me to submerge myself in art, study neuroscience and later to become a psychotherapist. 
If you think about it, this imperative is kind of the defining characteristic of our species, isn't it? 
Under the deluge of minute-to-minute text conversations, emails, relentless exchange of media channels and passwords and apps and reminders and Tweets and tags, we lose sight of what all this fuss is supposed to be about in the first place: ourselves. 
Think of the term we use, "Retreat." 
It means we've got to get out of here. 
That's why we've spent a lot of time thinking about how to make this data meaningful to the people who use it. 
For instance, what if I could use this data to find out how relaxed I am at any moment? 
By the way, feel free to check in on my head at any time. 
And then we were asked to do something really big for the Olympics. 
And so we began looking into inventing thought-controlled applications in a more complex frame than just control. 
So you can imagine kids playing video games with their brain waves and improving their ADD symptoms as they do it. 
We can peer inside our heads and interact with what was once locked away from us, what once mystified and separated us. 
As it aligns with our human behaviors, it can allow us to make better sense of what we do and, more importantly, why, creating a big picture out of all the important little details that make up who we are. 
I look forward to the day that I can sit beside you, easel-side, watching the world that we can create with our new toolboxes and the discoveries that we can make about ourselves. 
And in ways both big and small, the narrative of the victim shapes the way we see women. 
I set out to write a compelling economic story, one that had great characters, that no one else was telling, and one that I thought mattered. 
Because we aim low and we think small when it comes to women. 
China, women run 20 percent of all small businesses. 
Those in small businesses can't get the capital they need to expand and those in microbusiness can't grow out of them. 
She had come seeking serious investment dollars so that she could build the factory and buy the equipment she needs to export her chocolates to Africa, Europe, the Middle East and far beyond -- capital that would help her to employ more than the 20 people that she already has working for her, and capital that would fuel her own country's economic climb. 
And Kiva.org, the microlender, is actually now experimenting with crowdsourcing small and medium sized loans. 
Just think of the benefits when it comes to jobs, productivity, employment, child nutrition, maternal mortality, literacy and much, much more. 
Because, as the World Economic Forum noted, smaller gender gaps are directly correlated And not one country in all the world has eliminated its economic participation gap -- not one. 
First of all, for exceptions, there are a lot of them and they're important. 
We shopped double coupons and layaway and consignment stores, and when she got sick with stage four breast cancer and could no longer work, we even applied for food stamps. 
And I said, "Hold on, zero dollars per hour, what I would do is 'hire' 10,000 workers to come to the warehouse every morning at 8 a.m., walk into the warehouse and pick up one item of inventory and then just stand there. 
We send the little orange robots out to pick up the blue shelving pods. 
And the game here is to pick up the shelves, take them down the highway and deliver them straight to the pick worker. 
So what we've done is take out all of the non-value added walking, searching, wasting, waited time, and we've developed a very high-fidelity way to pick these orders, where you point at it with a laser, scan the UPC barcode, and then indicate with a light which box it needs to go into. 
All that pink chalky candy has moved to the front of the building and is now being picked into a lot of orders in those pick stations. 
Come in two days after Valentine's Day, and that candy, the leftover candy, has all drifted to the back of the warehouse and is occupying the cooler zone on the thermal map there. 
The reason we can say that, though, is that workers in a lot of these buildings now compete for the privilege of working in the Kiva zone that day. 
And sometimes we'll catch them on testimonial videos saying such things as, they have more energy after the day to play with their grandchildren, or in one case a guy said, "the Kiva zone is so stress-free that I've actually stopped taking my blood pressure medication." 
And now I think next time you go to your front step and pick up that box that you just ordered online, you break it open and the goo is in there, you'll have some wonderment as to whether a robot assisted in the picking and packing of that order. 
Weapons can do a lot of harm. 
He had a clear shot at the German soldiers who came to occupy a free country, his country, our country. 
Ladies and gentlemen, until the day comes when we can do away with the gun, I hope we all agree that peace and stability do not come free of charge. 
And once our lives are touched by cancer, we quickly learn that there are basically three weapons, or three tools, that are available to fight the disease: surgery, radiation and chemotherapy. 
I'm very thankful to Jay and to Mark and the TEDMED team for inviting me today to describe a fourth tool, a new tool, that we call Tumor Treating Fields. 
And they use low-intensity electric fields to fight cancer. 
The best way to visualize an electric field is to think of gravity. 
In cancer, cells rapidly divide and lead to uncontrolled tumor growth. We can think of a cell from an electrical perspective as if it's a mini space station. 
What we see are, first of all, a very active culture, a lot of divisions, and then very clear nuclei once the cells have separated. 
It's a death sentence. 
I'm going to let him, in this very short clip, describe his impressions of the therapy in his own words. 
I'm also very hopeful that in the next decades, we will make big strides on reducing that death rate that has been so challenging in this disease. 
Somehow, without any help or push from her older brother at all, Amy disappeared off of the top of the bunk bed and landed with this crash on the floor. 
 Now, that was cheating, because there was nothing she would want more than not to be Amy the hurt five year-old little sister, but Amy the special unicorn. 
What we stumbled across at this tender age of just five and seven -- we had no idea at the time -- was was going be at the vanguard of a scientific revolution occurring two decades later in the way that we look at the human brain. 
Which is fantastic if I'm trying to find out how many Advil the average person should be taking -- two. 
I didn't expect to get in, and my family had no money for college. 
Even in a classroom full of people smarter than you, I felt you'd be happy just to be in that classroom. 
And in my research and my teaching, I found that these students, no matter how happy they were with their original success of getting into the school, two weeks later their brains were focused, not on the privilege of being there, nor on their philosophy or physics, but on the competition, the workload, the hassles, stresses, complaints. 
And into the silence, I said, "I'd be happy to speak at your school, but that's not a wellness week, that's a sickness week. 
The absence of disease is not health. 
We find that meditation allows your brain to get over the cultural ADHD that we've been creating by trying to do multiple tasks at once and allows our brains to focus on the task at hand. 
It needs an extremely well-trained anesthesiologist with years of training with complex machines to help her monitor the flows of the gas and keep her patients safe and anesthetized throughout the surgery. 
In other words, this machine requires a lot of stuff that this hospital cannot offer. This is the electrical supply for a hospital in rural Malawi. 
And the World Bank sees this and estimates that a hospital in this setting in a low-income country can expect up to 18 power outages per month. 
So it seems crazy, but the model that we have right now that were designed for that first environment that I showed you and donating or selling them to hospitals in this environment. 
He took one part from here and another from there, and he tried to come up with a machine that would work in the reality that he was facing. 
We're then able to compare the results from that study with real world experience, because we're putting two of these in hospitals that Johns Hopkins works with in Sierra Leone, including the hospital where that emergency C-section happened. 
If more people in the health delivery space really working on some of these challenges in low-income countries could start their design process, their solution search, from outside of that proverbial box and inside of the hospital -- in other words, if we could design for the environment that exists in so many parts of the world, rather than the one that we wished existed -- we might just save a lot of lives. 
So we're going to imagine we're recording from a single neuron in the hippocampus of this rat here. 
And some of these patients played a video game where they drive around a small town. 
And what you see, for example, if the flag was where that cross was in a small square environment, and then if you ask people where it was, but you've made the environment bigger, where they think the flag had been stretches out in exactly the same way that the place cell firing stretched out. 
Now grid cells are found, again, on the inputs to the hippocampus, and they're a bit like place cells. 
So together, it's as if the rat can put a virtual grid of firing locations across its environment -- a bit like the latitude and longitude lines that you'd find on a map, but using triangles. 
So we can put people in an MRI scanner and have them do a little video game like the one I showed you and look for this signal. 
So beyond spatial memory, if we look for this grid-like firing pattern throughout the whole brain, we see it in a whole series of locations which are always active when we do all kinds of autobiographical memory tasks, like remembering the last time you went to a wedding, for example. 
So it may be that the neural mechanisms for representing the space around us are also used for generating visual imagery so that we can recreate the spatial scene, at least, of the events that have happened to us when we want to imagine them. 
They could define the viewing direction from which you want to generate an image for your visual imagery, so you can imagine what happened when you were at this wedding, for example. 
So this is just one example of a new era really in cognitive neuroscience where we're beginning to understand psychological processes like how you remember or imagine or even think in terms of the actions of the billions of individual neurons that make up our brains. 
And a lot of these deployments that we're actually sending military personnel to these days aren't traditional wars. 
In fact, a lot of the jobs that we're asking the military personnel to do in these situations are ones that, in their own countries, in Australia, the United States and so on, would actually be done by police officers. 
One particular thing that's come up that I am especially interested in is the question of whether, when we're sending military personnel to do these sorts of jobs, we ought to be equipping them differently, and in particular, whether we ought to be giving them access to some of the sorts of non-lethal weapons that police have. 
If this person doesn't follow directions, then they may end up shooting them and then find out afterward either, yes, we shot the right person, or, no, this was just an innocent person who didn't understand what was going on. 
But if they respond, there's a range of other people around, who are innocent people who might also get hurt -- be collateral damage that the military often doesn't want to talk about. 
So again, they would say, "Well if we have access to non-lethal weapons, if we've got someone we know is hostile, we can do something to deal with them and know that if we hit anyone else around the place, at least, again, we're not going to kill them." 
And anybody who is hit with this feels this sudden burst of heat and just wants to get out of the way. 
So you feel this massive heat, and you go, "I want to get out of the way." 
And they're thinking, well this will be really useful in places like where we need to clear a crowd out of a particular area, if the crowd is being hostile. 
They generally seem to think, "Well, why would we care what's happened with the police? 
We're looking at something different," and didn't seem to recognize, in fact, they were looking at pretty much the same stuff. 
It was routinely being used in this period, and, of course, still is routinely used -- because there were no complaints about it, not within the context of this study anyway -- it was routinely being used to deal with people who were violent, who were potentially violent, and also quite frequently used to deal with people who were simply passively non-compliant. 
This was something explicitly introduced to be an alternative to firearms, but it's being routinely used to deal with a whole range of other sorts of problems. 
And in fact, one particular instance where I think that actually happens where you can look at it was the Dubrovka Theatre siege in Moscow in 2002, which probably a lot of you, unlike most of my students at ADFA, are actually old enough to remember. 
So Chechens had come in and taken control of the theater. 
So when they had a look at it afterward, there were only a couple of people who'd apparently been shot by the hostage takers or shot by the police forces coming in and trying to deal with the situation. 
Second problem that people sometimes talk about with military use of non-lethal weapons, and it's actually the reason why in the chemical weapons convention, it's very clear that you can't use riot control agents as a weapon of warfare, the problem with that is that it's seen that sometimes non-lethal weapons might actually be used, not as an alternative to lethal force, but as a lethal force multiplier -- that you use non-lethal weapons first 
The people you're going to be shooting at aren't going to be able to get out of the way. 
And she says, "Oh, go ahead. Tase me." And so he does. 
The last thing that I would just like to say, when I'm talking to the police about what a perfect non-lethal weapon would look like, they almost inevitably say the same thing. 
What would these guys have done if they'd had access to Tasers or to a manned, portable version of the Active Denial System -- a small heat ray that you can use on people and not worry about it. 
Instead, she felt more free, more free because she could wear whatever she wanted She could come to work in her pajamas and nobody would care. 
And I think a lot of people in this room, I can see a lot of you are in the same position as myself. 
So I want to ask a question: What should culture in the 21st century look like? 
They make a lot of money. 
Why else do Greeks demand the return of the Elgin Marbles? 
Some of you might have heard of the Algerian artist Baya Mahieddine, but I doubt a lot of people know that this artist worked in Picasso's studio in Paris in the 1930s. 
Shall I ask for a show of hands or a clapping of people in different generations? 
And he showed that if you were to take a baby and an adult and make an average of what it should look like, if it grew in sort of a linear fashion, it would have a crest about half the size of the adult. But the actual sub-adult at 65 percent had no crest at all. 
Now we have a way of actually testing to see whether a dinosaur, or any animal, is a young one or an older one. 
They don't like it if you come in and want to saw them open and look inside. 
And if you cut into an older dinosaur, it's very massive. 
they say, "Go away." 
It's unclear to me how they actually sorted these three of them out. 
The spikes on the back of the Stygimoloch are actually resorbing, which means they're getting smaller as that dome is getting bigger. 
Which of course means we have 10 primary dinosaurs to deal with. 
Triceratops, if you've heard the news, a lot of the newscasters got it all wrong. 
But I didn't have to cut any of them really, because I just lined up their jaws and it turned out the biggest one had 12 teeth and the next smallest one had 13 and the next smallest had 14. 
So again, real easy to say that Tyrannosaurus ontogeny included Nanotyrannus, and therefore we can take out another dinosaur. 
And they're not happy with this. 
I've been lucky enough over the last 10 years to work with amazing people who've helped me redefine leadership in a way that I think has made me happier. 
That was such an eye-opening, transformative moment for me, to think that maybe the biggest impact I'd ever had on anyone's life, a moment that had a woman walk up to a stranger four years later and say, "You've been an important person in my life," was a moment that I didn't even remember. 
If you think you haven't, think of all the hands that didn't go up when I asked. 
As long as we make leadership something bigger than us, as long as we keep leadership beyond us and make it about changing the world, we give ourselves an excuse not to expect it every day, from ourselves and from each other. 
And it's a simple idea, but I don't think it's a small one. 
And many of these chemicals are now linked to the skyrocketing incidents of chronic childhood disease that we're seeing across industrialized nations. 
And in Europe, there's certain parts of Europe, where we're seeing a four-fold increase in certain genital birth defects. 
Interestingly, one of those birth defects has seen a 200 percent increase in the U.S. 
We were a bit surprised when we found out that when we exposed frogs to very low levels of atrazine -- 0.1 parts per billion -- that it produced animals that look like this. 
And so I find it interesting that instead of treating this disease by preventing exposure to the chemicals that promote it, we simply respond by putting more chemicals into the environment. 
Of those rats that don't abort, atrazine causes prostate disease in the pups so the sons are born with an old man's disease. 
And the frogs that are exposed to atrazine, the testes are full of holes and spaces, because the hormone imbalance, instead of allowing sperm to be generated, such as in the testis here, the testicular tubules end up empty and fertility goes down by as much as 50 percent. 
We know what we're putting out there, we have a sense of those repercussions, but we are so ignorant of this sense of what happens when we put things, or things are put into our bodies. 
It's obvious that this leads to marital bliss because, women, we care a great deal about being thin and good looking, whereas men mostly care about sex ... 
The data were based entirely on whether people looked happy in these early pictures. 
But still, I have a huge pile of fake happy childhood pictures and I'm glad they make me less likely than some people to get a divorce. 
It is the marriage kiss of death and something that should be avoided. 
 Apparently, the bitter realization that maybe it could happen to us, but it obviously hasn't and it probably never will, makes our lives seem unbearably grim in comparison. 
We even live longer, which is a pretty compelling argument for marrying someone you like a lot Now if you're not currently experiencing the joy of the joint tax return, I can't tell you how to find a chore-loving person of the approximately ideal size and attractiveness who prefers horror movies and doesn't have a lot of friends hovering on the brink of divorce, but I can only encourage you to try, 
On the other hand, I have the fake happy picture thing. 
And we're very lucky in Ireland, we have plenty of basking sharks and plenty of opportunities to study them. 
Or at times, they would row out in their small currachs and kill it with a lance through the back of the neck. 
We're often all frightened of sharks thanks to "Jaws." 
So what we've been doing a couple of years -- but last year was a big year -- is we started tagging sharks so we could try to get some idea of sight fidelity and movements and things like that. 
So we concentrated mainly in North Donegal and West Kerry as the two areas where I was mainly active. 
Go up in your boat and tag the shark. 
I'll show you what they look like. 
A satellite tag only works when the air is clear of the water and can send a signal to the satellite. 
So Les Noble in Aberdeen kind of found this a bit unbelievable really. 
So it does seem to be that basking sharks, for some reason, have incredibly low diversity. 
They all basically seem the same. 
But again, it's kind of surprising. You wouldn't really expect that. 
So what it tells us actually is that there's actually a risk of extinction of this species because its population is so small. 
So it's very important work, and they can ask some really good questions, and they can tell us about population size and subpopulations and structure, but they're constrained by lack of samples. 
And I remembered -- I used to spend a lot of time out on commercial fishing boats -- I remember fishermen telling me they can always tell when a basking shark's been caught in the net because it leaves this black slime behind. 
So we thought, okay, we're going to try to get out and get some slime. 
  I've been working on whales and dolphins in Ireland for 20 years now, and they're kind of a bit more dramatic. 
Hopefully I might get something a bit more dramatic and romantic before I die. 
For those of us on the ground in those early days, it was clear for even the most disaster-hardened veterans that Haiti was something different. 
Haiti allowed us to glimpse into a future of what disaster response might look like where people have access to mobile smart devices. 
If you were to arrive in Nairobi today and pick up a tourist map, Kibera is represented as a lush, green national park devoid of human settlement. 
You can find out about the latest impromptu music session. 
You can find out about the latest security incident. 
You can find out about places of worship. 
You can find out about the health centers. 
It has always been the elusive ideal to ensure full participation of people affected by disasters in the humanitarian effort. 
The western border of the boreal in British Columbia is marked by the Coast Mountains, and on the other side of those mountains is the greatest remaining temperate rainforest in the world, the Great Bear Rainforest, and we'll discuss that in a few minutes in a bit more detail. 
So instead of thinking of that as a truck, think of that as a 3,000-square-foot home. 
And then think of how large that very small section of one mine is. 
Again, imagine those all back and forth there. 
The tar sands consume more water than any other oil process, three to five barrels of water are taken, polluted and then returned into tailings ponds, the largest toxic impoundments on the planet. 
And you can see in the context, it's just a relatively small section of one of 10 mining complexes and another 40 to 50 on stream to be approved soon. 
And as a parent, I just can't imagine what that does to your soul. 
What they're proposing is an almost four-times increase in production, and that would industrialize an area the size of Florida. 
And we need to all gather together and say no to the tar sands. 
I hope that you will all, if you've been moved by this presentation, join with the growing international community to get Canada to step up to its responsibilities, to convince Canada to go back to being a climate change champion instead of a climate change villain, and to say no to the tar sands, and yes to a clean energy future for all. 
And in order to make it even more exciting, he added a bit of sacrilege to the rest of the fun, and he brings out the temple vessels. 
Cyrus, king of the Persians, has entered Babylon without a fight -- the great empire of Babylon, which ran from central southern Iraq to the Mediterranean, falls to Cyrus. 
This is probably the first real press release by a victorious army that we've got. 
He goes on to say that, having conquered Babylon, he will at once let all the peoples that the Babylonians -- Nebuchadnezzar and Belshazzar -- have captured and enslaved go free. 
The Lord God be with him, and let him go up.'" "Go up" -- aaleh. 
And it's quite clear the cylinder is older than the text of Isaiah, and yet, Jehovah is speaking in words very similar to those used by Marduk. 
The state of Israel is setup, and 50 years later, in the late 60s, it's clear that Britain's role as the imperial power is over. 
So when the British Museum and Tehran National Musuem cooperate and work together, as we've been doing, the Iranians ask for one thing only as a loan. 
Will Iran set free the people that the tyrants have enslaved and expropriated? 
Time after time, whenever I set out to share some great truth with a soon-to-be grateful recipient, it had the opposite effect. 
Fey demonstrated far more effectively than any political pundit the candidate's fundamental lack of seriousness, cementing an impression that the majority of the American public still holds today. 
On the other side of the political spectrum, the first time that I heard Rush Limbaugh refer to presidential hopeful John Edwards as the Breck girl I knew that he'd made a direct hit. 
And the comedy comes along, dealing with a lot of the same areas where our defenses are the strongest -- race, religion, politics, sexuality -- only by approaching them through humor instead of adrenalin, we get endorphins and the alchemy of laughter turns our walls into windows, revealing a fresh and unexpected point of view. 
Because from what I can tell, the three things gay Americans seem to want most are to join the military, get married and start a family. 
Bill Hicks -- and if you don't know his work, you should really Google him -- Hicks had a routine about getting into one of those childhood bragging contests on the playground, where finally the other kid says to him, "Huh? Well my dad can beat up your dad," to which Hicks replies, "Really? How soon?" 
And my guess here -- and I have no research on this -- is that if you really were to look back at it and if you could research it, you'd find out that comedy is the second oldest viral profession. 
Now Governor Perry of my newly-adopted state of Texas was pushing this same line this past summer at the beginning of his oops-fated campaign for the Republican presidential nomination, proclaiming over and over that the science wasn't complete at the same time that 250 out of 254 counties in the state of Texas were on fire. 
 That is a lot of punch for 14 words. 
A lot of people buy the biggest house they can afford, and actually slightly bigger than that. 
I see a lot of hands coming down. 
They cannot have money go away from their paycheck into a 401 plan What about the remaining half of the people? 
Take out those who say they save too little. 
Christmas is coming, we might as well buy a lot of gifts for everyone we know. 
And in Germany, if you would like to donate your organs -- God forbid something really bad happens to you -- when you get your driving license or an I.D., you check the box saying, "I would like to donate my organs." 
One percent check the box. The rest do nothing. 
Not many people check boxes. 
In Germany, 12 percent check the box. 
Inertia, lack of action. 
What is the default setting if they keep procrastinating, if they don't check the boxes? 
In too many 401 plans, if people do nothing, it means they're not saving for retirement, if they don't check the box. 
We hate losing stuff, even if it doesn't mean a lot of risk. 
You would hate to go to the ATM, take out 100 dollars and notice that you lost one of those $20 bills. 
If people have to check a lot of boxes to join a 401 plan, they're going to keep procrastinating and not join. 
Save More Tomorrow invites employees to save more maybe next year -- sometime in the future when we can imagine ourselves eating bananas, volunteering more in the community, exercising more and doing all the right things on the planet. 
Once you tell me you would like to save more in the future, let's say every January you're going to be saving more automatically and it's going to go away from your paycheck to the 401 plan before you see it, before you touch it, before you get the issue of immediate gratification. 
They take a little bit of the increase in the paycheck home and spend more -- take a little bit of the increase and put it in a 401 plan. 
We're seeing here a three and a half-year period, four pay raises, people who were struggling to save, were saving three percent of their paycheck, three and a half years later saving almost four times as much, almost 14 percent. 
There's a lot of opportunities to make it powerful again and again and again. 
Apparently, I was in charge of making sure that no one stole the computers from the university.  And, you know, that's a perfectly reasonable thing for her to think, because I told her I was working in computer security, and it was interesting to get her perspective. 
The most ridiculous thing I ever heard is, I was at a dinner party, and a woman heard that I work in computer security, and she asked me if -- she said her computer had been infected by a virus, and she was very concerned that she might get sick from it, that she could get this virus.  And I'm not a doctor, but I reassured her that it was very, very unlikely that this would happen, 
but if she felt more comfortable, she could be free to use latex gloves when she was on the computer, and there would be no harm whatsoever in that. 
1960, the first internal pacemaker was implanted, hopefully a little smaller than that one that you see there, and the technology has continued to move forward. 
There's several examples up on the screen of situations where doctors are looking to implant devices inside of people, and all of these devices now, it's standard that they communicate wirelessly, and I think this is great, but without a full understanding of trustworthy computing, and without understanding what attackers can do and the security risks from the beginning, there's a lot of danger in this. 
This is a car, and it has a lot of components, a lot of electronics in it today. 
Okay, so think of that as, someone gets to go to your car, they get to mess around with it, and then they leave, and now, what kind of trouble are you in? 
You might produce a lot of speeding tickets. 
So one question the researchers asked themselves is, could you block this thing, right? 
They went and reported this to the law enforcement agencies, after anonymizing it, and the vulnerability here is simply the user interface wasn't good enough. If you're talking about something really secure and sensitive, it should be really clear to you that this conversation is encrypted. 
Now that gave you a lot of information while someone was typing, and what they did then is used advanced artificial intelligence techniques called machine learning to have a training phase, and so they got most likely grad students to type in a whole lot of things, and to learn, to have the system use the machine learning tools that were available to learn what it is that the people were typing 
So what's the point? You can leave your iPhone next to someone's keyboard, and just leave the room, and then later recover what they did, even without using the microphone. 
There's several other notable attacks that unfortunately I don't have time to go into, but the one that I wanted to point out was a group from the University of Michigan which was able to take voting machines, the Sequoia AVC Edge DREs that were going to be used in New Jersey in the election that were left in a hallway, and put Pac-Man on it. 
In addition to that, it harbors a lot of the biodiversity on Earth, and much of it we don't know about. 
And so 10 years ago, an international program began called the Census of Marine Life, which set out to try and improve our understanding of life in the global oceans. 
And so this photograph shows a small boy next to a codfish. 
If you were to go out there today, 20 years after this fishery collapsed, if you could catch a fish, which would be a bit of a challenge, it would be half that size still. 
I want you to notice the scale on the slide, because when you see the same picture from the 1980s, we see the fish are much smaller and we're also seeing a change in terms of the composition of those fish. 
The oceans have lost a lot of their productivity and we're responsible for it. 
There's a lot of exciting things, and I'm going to tell you a little bit about them. 
And I want to start with a bit on technology, because, of course, this is a TED Conference and you want to hear something on technology. 
Now one of the other things that you may think about is that, when you go to the supermarket and you buy things, they're scanned. 
Now while a lot of the species we discovered in the census are things that are small and hard to see, that certainly wasn't always the case. 
So we still have quite a lot of work to do Now this bacterium is part of mats that are found off the coast of Chile. 
And so this particular bacterium is actually visible to the naked eye. 
But you can imagine the biomass that represents. 
We've lost a lot of paradise. 
And there are a lot of other pressures. 
Ocean acidification is a really big issue that people are concerned with, as well as ocean warming, and the effects they're going to have on coral reefs. 
On the scale of decades, in our lifetimes, we're going to see a lot of damage to coral reefs. 
In other words, thanks to those pesky laws of physics, when things aren't sustainable, they stop. 
We are certainly amazing, and we regularly solve complex problems with amazing creativity. 
Now imagine what that means for you, your family, your friends, your personal financial security. 
But when we think about the kind of possibilities I paint, we should feel a bit of fear. 
 Sure, if we get it wrong, we could face the end of this civilization, but if we get it right, it could be the beginning of civilization instead. 
When we think about the future I paint, of course we should feel a bit of fear. 
I know the free market fundamentalists will tell you that more growth, more stuff and nine billion people going shopping is the best we can do. 
What we're interested in is developing robots like this -- and here are two other pictures -- of robots that you can buy off the shelf. 
If you increase the speed of each of these rotors, then the robot flies up, it accelerates up. 
And the other way around, if you increase the speed of rotor three and decrease the speed of rotor one, then the robot pitches forward. 
So here, R is the characteristic length of the robot. 
So the smaller you make R, the more dramatically the inertia reduces. 
The smaller you make it, the more quickly you can turn. 
So this should be clear in these videos. 
You can send them inside buildings like this, as first responders to look for intruders, maybe look for biochemical leaks, gaseous leaks. 
So one of the problems with these small robots is their payload-carrying capacity. 
So let me show you some examples of what these minimum-snap trajectories look like. 
And here, you'll see Daniel throw this hoop into the air, while the robot is calculating the position of the hoop, and trying to figure out how to best go through the hoop. 
So one of the disadvantages of these small robots is its size. 
 So once you know how to fly in formation, you can actually pick up objects cooperatively. 
And he's summoned by his rich uncle, John Carter, to his mansion with a telegram saying, "See me at once." 
She gave a wonderful example of Michael Corleone, Al Pacino's character in "The Godfather," and that probably his spine was to please his father. 
And they were: No songs, no "I want" moment, no happy village, no love story. 
And the fax said, there should be songs, there should be an "I want" song, there should be a happy village song, there should be a love story and there should be a villain. 
And it wasn't until, on one of my later viewings, that the veil was lifted and it was in a scene where he's walked across the Sinai Desert and he's reached the Suez Canal, and I suddenly got it. 
I was lucky to grow up at a time when it was not difficult for the child of a tenant farmer to make his way to the state university. 
And I was really lucky to go to the University of Iowa where I could study under Professor James Van Allen who built instruments Professor Van Allen told me about observations of Venus, that there was intense microwave radiation. 
I had the privilege to speak twice to the president's climate task force. 
So I decided to give a public talk criticizing the lack of an appropriate energy policy. 
Let me describe the most important conclusion from the physics -- first, from Earth's energy balance and, second, from Earth's climate history. 
The deep ocean is also gaining heat at a smaller rate, and energy is going into the net melting of ice all around the planet. 
This shows that the effect of the Sun's variations on climate is overwhelmed by the increasing greenhouse gasses, mainly from burning fossil fuels. 
As Earth warms, now because of extra CO2 we put in the atmosphere, ice will melt, and CO2 and methane will be released by warming ocean and melting permafrost. 
Methane is also beginning to escape from the permafrost. 
What sea level rise can we look forward to? 
In recent years, because of global warming, they now cover about 10 percent -- an increase by a factor of 25 to 50. 
if global warming continues, will be on the breadbasket of our nation and the world, the Midwest and Great Plains, which are expected to become prone to extreme droughts, worse than the Dust Bowl, within just a few decades, if we let global warming continue. 
You're afraid if you look for your passion and don't find it, you'll feel like you're an idiot, so then you make excuses about why you're not going to look for your passion. 
We're going to go through a whole long list -- your creativity in thinking of excuses not to do what you really need to do if you want to have a great career. 
So let's deal with those of you who are trying to find your passion. 
You must look for alternatives so that you find your destiny, or are you afraid of the word "destiny"? 
And if you don't find the highest expression of your talent, if you settle for "interesting," what the hell ever that means, do you know what will happen at the end of your long life? 
Now, do you really want me to say now, tell you, "Really, I swear I don't kick children."  Look at the worldview you've given yourself. 
Last time I saw him, he was on the stairs crying.  What a wimp.  But what do you mean? That's what you expect me to say. 
You know what will happen someday, you ideal parent, you? 
Might fail, kid. Don't make a lot of money at that, kid. 
"But. I had a dream too, once, kid, but I was afraid to pursue it." 
You're afraid to look ridiculous. 
You're afraid to try. You're afraid you may fail. 
If you ever have that thought ricocheting in your brain, it will hurt a lot. 
Please raise your hand right now if you think of yourself as a religious person. 
 Okay, here's another question: Do you think of yourself as spiritual in any way, shape or form? Raise your hand. 
And when that happens, the feeling is ecstatic and we reach for metaphors of up and down to explain these feelings. 
Think of the collective joy in Britain on the day World War II ended. 
Think of the collective anger in Tahrir Square, which brought down a dictator. 
And think of the collective grief in the United States that we all felt, that brought us all together, after 9/11. 
In "The Descent of Man," Charles Darwin wrote a great deal about the evolution of morality -- where did it come from, why do we have it. 
He wrote about the scenario in which two tribes of early humans would have come in contact and competition. 
And so when a green interacts with a blue, you'll see the green gets larger and the blue gets smaller. 
Human groups may look like hives for brief moments, but they tend to then break apart. 
In fact, often, as we've seen happen in a lot of the Arab Spring revolts, often those divisions are along religious lines. 
And I think some dispassionate, quantitative reasoning could really bring a great deal to the debate. 
So this small missing chunk here is puzzling. 
And this is just one of the many mind-blowing statistics that copyright mathematicians have to deal with every day. 
I sat down, and she said, "God, you look like hell." 
And maybe the hardest part about my life ending is that I learned something hard about myself, and that was that, as much as I would be frustrated about not being able to get my work out to the world, there was a part of me that was working very hard to engineer staying small, staying right under the radar. 
How many of you think of vulnerability and weakness synonymously? 
One of the weird things that's happened is, after the TED explosion, I got a lot of offers to speak all over the country -- everyone from schools and parent meetings to Fortune 500 companies. 
We'd like you to come in and speak. 
About three months ago, I was in a sporting goods store buying goggles and shin guards and all the things that parents buy at the sporting goods store. 
Then we read your book and we renamed ourselves 'The Breakdown Babes.'"  And she said, "Our tagline is: 'We're falling apart and it feels fantastic.'"  You can only imagine what it's like for me in a faculty meeting. 
Because very few people here are afraid to fail. 
A lot of people refer to it as the "Man in the Arena" quote. 
I don't know how much perfume that commercial sold, but I guarantee you, it moved a lot of antidepressants and anti-anxiety meds. 
You show me a man who can sit with a woman who's just had it, she can't do it all anymore, and his first response is not, "I unloaded the dishwasher!"  But he really listens -- because that's all we need -- I'll show you a guy who's done a lot of work. 
And to get out from underneath it -- to find our way back to each other, we have to understand how it affects us and how it affects the way we're parenting, the way we're working, the way we're looking at each other. 
It's what we're going to use So from here, it's pretty clear to me, we would prefer to have cleaner, cheaper, domestic, ours -- and we have that, we have that -- which is natural gas. 
Somehow that doesn't seem right. 
But the days of cheap oil are over. 
They make it very clear to you, the Saudis do, they have to have 94 dollars a barrel to make their social commitments. 
There is no free market for oil. 
 Chris Anderson: Thanks for that. 
You cannot do a wind deal under six dollars an MCF. 
You burn it, you release CO2. 
And so everyone can be at least happy to see a shift from coal or oil to natural gas. 
CA: One of the questions from the audience is, with fracking and the natural gas process, what about the problem of methane leaking from that, methane being a worse global warming gas than CO2? 
Your picture then I guess of how the world eventually gets off fossil fuels is through innovation ultimately, that we'll someday make solar and nuclear cost competitive? 
That is, it's going to be a small part, because you can't rely on it. 
I think there's a lot of people who will want to engage with you. 
One out of two of you women will be impacted by cardiovascular disease in your lifetime. 
So where we used to think of heart disease as being a man's problem primarily -- which that was never true, but that was kind of how everybody thought in the 1950s and '60s, and it was in all the textbooks. 
So it's a woman's disease now. 
More and more women, two, three, four times more women, dying of heart disease than men. 
Heart disease kills more women than breast cancer. 
We can all think of someone, often a young woman, who has been impacted by breast cancer. 
We often can't think of a young woman who has heart disease. 
Heart disease kills people, often very quickly. 
So the first time heart disease strikes in women and men, half of the time it's sudden cardiac death -- no opportunity to say good-bye, no opportunity to take her to the chemotherapy, no opportunity to help her pick out a wig. 
She had to look like a man. 
And right around that time, in the 1980's, that we saw women and heart disease deaths going up, up, up, up, up, in the New England Journal of Medicine and said, the Yentl syndrome. 
Is it because women don't look like men, they don't look like that male-pattern heart disease that we've spent the last 50 years understanding and getting really good diagnostics and really good therapeutics, and therefore, they're not recognized for their heart disease. 
And this is the biggest biomedical enterprise research And it funds a lot of my research. 
It was a very big deal for her to become director. 
And she started, in the face of a lot of controversy, the Women's Health Initiative. 
 So I'll describe the male-pattern heart attack first. 
And they go up to the cath lab and boom, boom, boom get rid of the clot. 
So we said, "Look, women look like they're pretty good about putting kind of the garbage away, smoothly putting it away. 
And again, 50 years of good non-invasive stress testing, we're pretty good at recognizing male-pattern disease with stress tests. 
So unlike the CAT scans, X-rays, thalliums, for women whose breast is in the way of looking at the heart, every time we order something that has even a small amount of radiation, we say, "Do we really need that test?" 
What are the downstream consequences then, when female-pattern heart disease is not recognized? 
And it was just a pictogram to sort of show why more women are dying of heart disease, And when the woman has male-pattern disease -- so she looks like Barbara in the movie -- they get treated. 
And when you have female-pattern and you look like a woman, as Barbara does here with her husband, they don't get the treatment. 
And that is female-pattern and why we think the Yentl syndrome actually is explaining a lot of these gaps. 
Or do you want these guys, that look like they're out to lunch? 
Now are we happy with this? 
And I've told you, we've been working on male-pattern heart disease for 50 years. 
This is what we need to do with heart disease now. 
Breast cancer, as we said, kills women, but heart disease kills a whole bunch more. 
So if we can be as good as breast cancer and give women this new charge, we have a lot of lives to save. 
I am 17 years old and I am a nuclear physicist, which may be a little hard to believe, but I am. 
And I would like to make the case that nuclear fusion will be that point, that the bridge that T. Boone Pickens talked about will get us to. 
So nuclear fusion is our energy future. 
That is the inside of my nuclear fusion reactor. 
Now most of you are probably saying, well there's no such thing as nuclear fusion. 
I don't see any nuclear power plants with fusion energy. 
It doesn't produce more energy out than I put in, but it still does some pretty cool stuff. 
Instead of requiring multi-million-dollar facilities I've developed a device that, on a very small scale, can produce these isotopes. 
Oh, by the way, I make yellowcake in my garage, so my nuclear program is as advanced as the Iranians. 
It wants only to be here tomorrow, dressed perhaps in the sleeve of a plaid shirt, nose pressed against the page, writing a few more dutiful lines while I gaze out the window and imagine Budapest or some other city where I have never been. 
BC: So that makes it seem a little easier. 
He says that, "If at first you don't succeed, hide all evidence you ever tried." 
And when I would go up to the country, he would teach me things like deer hunting, which meant getting lost with a gun basically --  and trout fishing and stuff like that. 
The poem that's coming up is based on him trying to tell me a little something about a domestic point of etiquette in country living that I had a very hard time, at first, processing. 
And who could fail to notice, lit up in the blazing insulation, the tiny looks of wonderment on the faces of his fellow mice -- one-time inhabitants of what once was your house in the country? 
I wrote this after a friend's funeral, but not so much about the friend as something the eulogist kept saying, as all eulogists tend to do, which is how happy the deceased would be to look down and see all of us assembled. 
Of course, there will be time for all that later in your life, after you come out of your room and begin to blossom, or at least pick up all your socks. 
Anyway, the second thing I want to say about dying in the 21st century, apart from it's going to happen to everybody, is it's shaping up to be a bit of a train wreck for most of us, unless we do something to try and reclaim this process from the rather inexorable trajectory that it's currently on. 
And we have some wizard technology which I think has worked really well, and over the course of the time I've worked in intensive care, the death rate for males in Australia has halved, and intensive care has had something to do with that. 
Certainly, a lot of the technologies that we use have got something to do with that. 
So we kind of got a bit caught up with this, and we haven't really squared with you guys about what's really happening now, and it's about time we did. 
So I go down to the ward and see Jim, and his skin his translucent like this. 
He's very, very thin, and he is, indeed, very sick with pneumonia, and he's too sick to talk to me, so I talk to his daughter Kathleen, and I say to her, "Did you and Jim ever talk about what you would want done if he ended up in this kind of situation?" 
Sudden death has become very rare. 
The death of Little Nell and Cordelia and all that sort of stuff just doesn't happen anymore. 
But we realized, of course, that we are dealing with cultural issues, and this is, I love this Klimt painting, because the more you look at it, the more you kind of get the whole issue that's going on here, which is clearly the separation of death from the living, and the fear — Like, if you actually look, there's one woman there who has her eyes open. 
So here's the pitch: I think it's important that we don't just get on this freeway to ICU without thinking hard about whether or not that's where we all want to end up, particularly as we become older and increasingly frail and ICU has less and less and less to offer us. 
And I have one small idea, and one big idea about what could happen. 
And this is the small idea. 
The small idea is, let's all of us engage more with this in the way that Jason has illustrated. 
"In the event that you became too sick to speak for yourself, who would you like to speak for you?" 
I don't know, I don't think I look like that anymore, but I had, two of my kids were born at home in the '80s when home birth was a big thing, and we baby boomers are used to taking charge of the situation, so if you just replace all these words of birth, I like "Peace, Love, Natural Death" as an option. 
I want to make it absolutely crystal clear to you all, I hate euthanasia. I think it's a sideshow. 
Because the way things stand today, electricity demand must be in constant balance with electricity supply. 
But coal plants, nuclear plants can't respond fast enough. 
With a giant battery, we'd be able to address the problem of intermittency that prevents wind and solar from contributing to the grid in the same way that coal, gas and nuclear do today. 
The OED defines spectrum as "The entire range of wavelengths of electromagnetic radiation, from the longest radio waves to the shortest gamma rays of which the range of visible light is only a small part." 
And you know, if we're going to get this country out of its current energy situation, we can't just conserve our way out; we can't just drill our way out; we can't bomb our way out. 
 Until Volta, nobody could imagine a professor could be of any use. 
But David's young and he's smart and he wants a Ph.D., and he proceeds to build --  He proceeds to build the first ever liquid metal battery of this chemistry. 
And two months later on December 17th, Orville Wright powered the first airplane across a beach in North Carolina. 
You see, they were having trouble in this flight regime, and it wasn't at all clear that we could fly faster than the speed of sound. 
And on that first flight we got more data than in all U-2 missions combined. 
It took a lot of failures to get there. 
And so if we wanted to fly in this room or places where humans can't go, we'd need an aircraft small enough and maneuverable enough to do so. 
From the smallest wisp of air to the powerful forces of nature's storms. 
Last September, the gamers of Foldit solved the three-dimensional structure of the retroviral protease that contributes to AIDS in rhesus monkeys. 
So go ahead, ask yourself, what would you attempt to do if you knew you could not fail? 
CA: I imagine you're not planning to open up to passenger service from New York to Long Beach anytime soon. 
for a small maneuverable flying object? 
And you persuade people to go to these great feats of invention, but at a personal level, in a way I can't imagine doing your job. 
I bought her used clothes and bought her her first doll. 
be it an African girl or an American girl or a Japanese girl, fulfill her wish, fulfill her dream, achieve that dream? 
And this was at the beginning of elections. 
This is one place where women were never -- even the older ones barely sat in the circle with the men. 
There are tales of creation and loss, death and resurrection, and obstacles that must be overcome. 
Magicians play with fire and steel, defy the fury of the buzzsaw, dare to catch a bullet or attempt a deadly escape. 
Because the best stories always have a happy ending. 
Today, thanks to technology, we can share those stories as never before, by email, Facebook, blogs, tweets, on TED.com. 
But upon arrival there, in the fall of 1986, and doing a lot of interviews, I found that the only thing I was offered was to be Assistant to the Art Director at Alfred A. Knopf, a book publisher. 
My job was to ask this question: "What do the stories look like?" 
But they all have one thing in common: They all need to look like something. 
Now I took this diagram, and I put it in a Photostat machine,  and I took a piece of tracing paper, and I taped it over the Photostat with a piece of Scotch tape -- stop me if I'm going too fast --  -- and then I took a Rapidograph pen -- explain it to the youngsters --  and I just started to reconstitute the dinosaur. 
I had no idea what I was doing, I had no idea where I was going, but at some point, I stopped -- when to keep going would seem like I was going too far. 
And David especially loved this design because at book signings, which he does a lot of, he could take a magic marker and do this. 
Usually on the first day of Introduction to Typography, you get the assignment of, select a word and make it look like what it says it is. So that's Type 101, right? 
I want this book to look like it's lying to you, desperately and hopelessly, the way an alcoholic would. 
And now, we have to open it up to find out what's going to happen next. 
All those years, all those books, he never got tired of it. 
What does it look like? 
We see cities, we see oil fields, you can even make out fishing fleets in the sea, that we are dominating much of our planet, and mostly through the use of energy that we see here at night. 
If we come back to the same place in 2001, what we're going to find is that these roads spurt off more roads, and more roads after that, at the end of which is a small clearing in the rainforest where there are going to be a few cows. 
But this kind of fishbone pattern of deforestation is something we notice a lot of around the tropics, especially in this part of the world. 
These soybeans are being shipped to Europe and to China as animal feed, especially after the mad cow disease scare about a decade ago, where we don't want to feed animals animal protein anymore, because that can transmit disease. 
So we're using an enormous amount of land for agriculture, but also we're using a lot of water. 
The difference is mainly irrigating the desert for food, or maybe golf courses in Scottsdale, you take your pick. 
Well, this is a lot of water, and again, we're mining water and using it to grow food, and today, if you travel down further down the Colorado, it dries up completely and no longer flows into the ocean. 
Well, you can imagine what happens. You turn off the water supply to the Aral Sea, what's going to happen? 
One of those small islands that was remote and impossible to get to was a site of Soviet biological weapons testing. 
Well, that's the future we have to look forward to. 
We also use a lot of the atmosphere for agriculture. 
We have to provide food and feed and, yeah, fiber and even biofuels to something like seven billion people in the world today, and if anything, we're going to have the demands on agriculture increase into the future. It's not going to go away. 
It's going to get a lot bigger, mainly because of growing population. We're seven billion people today heading towards at least nine, probably nine and a half before we're done. 
They have a lot of biodiversity, a lot of carbon, things we want to protect. 
You see a lot of this in Africa, even Latin America, but interestingly, Eastern Europe, where Soviet Union and Eastern Bloc countries used to be, is still a mess agriculturally. 
We can grow food in the background -- that's a soybean field — and in this flower diagram, it shows we grow a lot of food, but we don't have a lot clean water, we're not storing a lot of carbon, we don't have a lot of biodiversity. 
Now, when I talk about this, people often tell me, "Well, isn't blank the answer?" -- organic food, local food, GMOs, new trade subsidies, new farm bills -- and yeah, we have a lot of good ideas here, but not any one of these is a silver bullet. 
Now, having this conversation has been really hard, and we've been trying very hard to bring these key points to people to reduce the controversy, to increase the collaboration. 
So thanks very much.  
 And my idea is this -- all these men and women should be free to decide whether they do or do not want to conceive a child. 
But, for an idea that is so broadly accepted in private, birth control certainly generates a lot of opposition in public. 
But let's compare that to other places, like Uttar Pradesh, one of the largest states in India. 
Women in Africa will tell you over and over again that what they prefer today is an injectable. 
The reason women like it so much in Africa is they can hide it from their husbands, who sometimes want a lot of children. 
So can you imagine the situation -- she walks all this way to go get her injection. 
There are another 600,000 women [per year] who say they didn't want to be pregnant in the first place, and they give birth to a baby and her baby dies in that first month of life. 
So if we're going to make progress on this issue, we have to be really clear about what our agenda is. 
Now, as a world, if we want to make the world better in the future -- things like fight diseases. 
We also need to help small farmers -- farmers who plow small plots of land in Africa -- so that they can grow enough food to feed their children. 
And I think as long as we're really clear about what our agenda is, there's a global movement waiting to happen and ready to get behind this totally uncontroversial idea. 
I was free to decide what that would be. 
There are many women who lack basic education. 
For 250 years, parents around the world have been deciding to have smaller families. 
The reason that trend toward smaller families spread was that this whole way was driven by an idea -- the idea that couples can exercise conscious control over how many children they have. 
Now, Indian women were really smart in this situation. 
Because in region after region, again and again, parents have wanted to have smaller families. 
One of the leading causes of economic growth across that region was this cultural trend towards smaller families. 
So, Melinda, in the last few years I've heard a lot of smart people say something to the effect of, "We don't need to worry about the population issue anymore. 
And I think a lot of this work is a journey. 
Sometimes it's the questions you ask that helps lead to the answer the next person that can help you answer it. 
And everybody's eyes just pop wide open like it's going to fall out of their heads. 
And then they come up to me after the show and they all have a story. 
Shivdutt's father's death and a want for his property led to this corruption. 
And then on the right is what I refer to as a footnote panel. 
In my past projects I've often worked in serial form, documenting things that have the appearance of being comprehensive through a determined title and a determined presentation, but in fact, are fairly abstract. 
These archives in Jerusalem, they maintain a card index file of the earliest immigrants and applicants for immigration to Palestine, and later Israel, Chapter three: Joseph Nyamwanda Jura Ondijo treated patients outside of Kisumu, Kenya for AIDS, tuberculosis, infertility, mental illness, evil spirits. 
You may notice in several of the chapters that I photographed there are empty portraits. 
These empty portraits represent individuals, living individuals, who couldn't be present. 
These rabbits were bred at a government facility, where they bred three bloodlines of rabbits and have infected them with a lethal disease and are monitoring their progress to see if it will effectively kill them. 
Haigh's Chocolate, with the Foundation for Rabbit-Free Australia, stopped all production of the Easter Bunny in chocolate and has replaced it with the Easter Bilby. 
These are personal effects dug up from a mass grave that are awaiting identification from family members and graffiti at the Potochari battery factory, which was where the Dutch U.N. soldiers were staying, and also the Serbian soldiers later during the times of the executions. 
This is one of the rare situations where I have no empty portraits. 
Now this bloodline includes numerous empty portraits, highlighting a complex relationship to one's family history. 
And finally, another individual sat for me from behind and later rescinded his participation, so I had to pixelate him out so he's unrecognizable. 
It was released in Poland to create friction between Frank and Hitler, so that Hitler would imagine Frank was trying to usurp his power. 
But it got violent in the last two decades and includes decapitation and the death of two mayors. 
And within this accumulation of images and texts, I'm struggling to find patterns and imagine that the narratives that surround the lives we lead are just as coded as blood itself. 
And there's this relentless persistence of birth and death and an unending collection of stories in between. 
And today, after briefly describing what they found, I'm going to tell you about a highly controversial framework for explaining their discovery, namely the possibility that way beyond the Earth, the Milky Way and other distant galaxies, we may find that our universe is not the only universe, but is instead part of a vast complex of universes that we call the multiverse. 
 But barring such an anomalous upbringing, it is strange to imagine other realms separate from ours, most with fundamentally different features, that would rightly be called universes of their own. 
In part one, I'm going to describe those Nobel Prize-winning results and to highlight a profound mystery which those results revealed. 
Finally, in part three, I'm going to describe a cosmological theory called inflation, which will pull all the pieces of the story together. 
How? Well according to Einstein's math, if space is uniformly filled with an invisible energy, sort of like a uniform, invisible mist, then the gravity generated by that mist would be repulsive, repulsive gravity, which is just what we need to explain the observations. 
Because the repulsive gravity of an invisible energy in space -- we now call it dark energy, but I've made it smokey white here so you can see it -- its repulsive gravity would cause each galaxy to push against every other, driving expansion to speed up, not slow down. 
When the astronomers worked out how much of this dark energy must be infusing space to account for the cosmic speed up, look at what they found. 
This number is small. 
Expressed in the relevant unit, it is spectacularly small. 
And the mystery is to explain this peculiar number. 
Some details provide windows into uncharted realms of reality, and this peculiar number may be doing just that, as the only approach that's so far made headway to explain it invokes the possibility of other universes -- an idea that naturally emerges from string theory, which takes me to part two: string theory. 
It says that if you examine any piece of matter ever more finely, at first you'll find molecules and then you'll find atoms and subatomic particles. 
But the theory says that if you could probe smaller, much smaller than we can with existing technology, you'd find something else inside these particles -- a little tiny vibrating filament of energy, a little tiny vibrating string. 
But string theory says that, on fantastically small scales, there are additional dimensions crumpled to a tiny size so small that we have not detected them. 
Now when these ideas were first developed, there were only about five different candidate shapes, so you can imagine analyzing them one-by-one to determine if any yield the physical features we observe. 
In this context, the laws of physics can't explain one number for the dark energy because there isn't just one number, there are many numbers. 
And he worked for decades trying to explain this number, but he never succeeded, and we know why. 
So hoping that the laws of physics will explain one particular number, 93 million miles, well that is simply wrongheaded. 
Well let me describe one way that might one day happen. 
Or would they believe in the black, static empty universe that their own state-of-the-art observations reveal? 
How do you think of where cosmology is now, in a sort of historical side? 
It's a difficult task to deal with cities. 
I want you all to imagine Rio. 
Every time you think of a city, you've got to think green. 
So the second commandment I want to leave you tonight is, a city of the future has to deal with mobility and integration of its people. 
I mean, favelas can sometimes really be a solution, if you deal with them, if you put public policy inside the favelas. 
But what you've got to do to get that is you've got to go inside the favelas, bring in the basic services -- mainly education and health -- with high quality. 
This was an old building in a favela in Rio -- [unclear favela name] -- that we just transformed into a primary school, with high quality. 
You cannot deal with a city if it's not socially integrated. 
We fight floods, tropical rains at this time of the year. 
You can imagine how people get happy with me watching these kinds of scenes. 
Texting: I know I say texting and a lot of you think sexting, a lot of you think about the lewd photos that you see -- hopefully not your kids sending to somebody else -- or trying to translate the abbreviations LOL, LMAO, HMU. 
Because while people are talking about data, making it possible for Facebook to mine my friend from the third grade, or Target to know when it's time for me to buy more diapers, or some dude to build a better baseball team, I'm actually really excited about the power of data and the power of texting to help that kid go to school, to help that girl stop cutting in the bathroom 
It's smart enough to stop. 
You will for the rest of your life remember those words every time you pick up a paper towel. 
And remember, one towel per person for one year -- 571,230,000 pounds of paper. No small thing. 
When we think of games, there's all kinds of things. 
But when we think about games, a lot of times we think about stuff like this: first-person shooters, or the big, what we would call AAA games, or maybe you're a Facebook game player. 
I make my living from games. I've been lucky enough to do this since I was 15, which also qualifies as I've never really had a real job. 
Just imagine if that's a black guy. 
And she realizes, you know, we don't have enough food, and so she asks what to do, and I say, "Well, we can either" -- Remember, she's seven -- "We can either put some people in the water or we can hope that they don't get sick and we make it to the other side." 
And she was fascinated by this, and she started to cry, and I started to cry, and her father started to cry, and now we're all crying. He didn't expect to come home from work to the Middle Passage, but there it goes.  And so, we made this game, and she got it. 
A large chunk of our work has been put into transforming this neglected industrial ruin into a viable post-industrial space that looks forward and backward at the same time. 
And it's synonymous with free speech, even if you're not sure what it is that you have to say. 
One redeeming feature is it's lifted up off the ground and it's got this void, and it's got an empty core kind of in the spirit and that facade very much corporate and federal style. 
But more poetically, we like to think of the structure as inhaling the democratic air of the Mall, bringing it into itself. 
America's public energy conversation boils down to this question: Would you rather die of A) oil wars, or B) climate change, or C) nuclear holocaust, or D) all of the above? 
But today's energy system is not just inefficient, it is also disconnected, aging, dirty and insecure. 
Yet this cheaper energy system could support 158 percent bigger U.S. economy all without needing oil or coal, or for that matter nuclear energy. 
General Eisenhower reputedly said that enlarging the boundaries of a tough problem makes it soluble by encompassing more options and more synergies. 
Lighter and more slippery autos need less force to move them, so their engines get smaller. 
Indeed, that sort of vehicle fitness then makes electric propulsion affordable because the batteries or fuel cells also get smaller and lighter and cheaper. 
They are all-American, carbon-free and inexhaustible. 
Also today's military revolution in energy efficiency is going to speed up all of these civilian advances in much the same way that military R&amp;D has given us the Internet, the Global Positioning System and the jet engine and microchip industries. 
We can use some smart IT to enhance transit and enable car sharing and ride sharing. 
We can allow smart and lucrative growth models that help people already be near where they want to be, so they don't need to go somewhere else. 
And we can use smart IT to make traffic free-flowing. 
Rather, when smart autos exchange electricity and information through smart buildings with smart grids, they're adding to the grid valuable flexibility and storage that help the grid integrate varying solar and wind power. 
The key is a disruptive innovation that we call integrative design that often makes very big energy savings cost less than small or no savings. 
And then renovating smaller chillers instead of adding bigger ones saved 17 million dollars of capital cost, which helped pay for the other improvements and reduce the payback to just three years. 
Integrative design can also increase energy savings in industry. 
And of course, as you go back upstream, the components get smaller and therefore cheaper. 
Typically our retrofit designs save about 30 to 60 percent of the energy and pay back in a few years, while the new facility designs save 40 to 90-odd percent with generally lower capital cost. 
Now needing less electricity would ease and speed the shift to new sources of electricity, chiefly renewables. 
Already in about 20 states private installers will come put those cheap solar cells on your roof with no money down and beat your utility bill. 
For each of the past four years half of the world's new generating capacity has been renewable, mainly lately in developing countries. 
In 2010, renewables other than big hydro, particularly wind and solar cells, got 151 billion dollars of private investment, and they actually surpassed the total installed capacity of nuclear power in the world by adding 60 billion watts in that one year. 
In contrast, the net additions of nuclear capacity and coal capacity and the orders behind those keep fading because they cost too much and they have too much financial risk. 
In fact in this country, no new nuclear power plant has been able to raise any private construction capital, despite seven years of 100-plus percent subsidies. 
We're often told though that only coal and nuclear plants can keep the lights on, because they're 24/7, whereas wind and solar power are variable, and hence supposedly unreliable. 
And that's true both for continental areas like the U.S. or Europe and for smaller areas embedded within a larger grid. 
In America, our aging, dirty and insecure power system has to be replaced anyway by 2050. 
And whatever we replace it with is going to cost about the same, about six trillion dollars at present value -- whether we buy more of what we've got or new nuclear and so-called clean coal, or renewables that are more or less centralized. 
Traditionally utilities build a lot of giant coal and nuclear plants and a bunch of big gas plants and maybe a little bit of efficiency renewables. 
However, especially where regulators are now instead rewarding cutting your bills, the investments are shifting radically toward efficiency, demand response, cogeneration, renewables and ways to knit them all together reliably with less transmission and little or no bulk electricity storage. 
In 1976, for example, government and industry insisted that the amount of energy needed to make a dollar of GDP could never go down. 
And I heretically suggested it could go down several-fold. 
And the results may at first seem incredible, but as Marshall McLuhan said, "Only puny secrets need protection. 
Now combine the electricity and oil revolutions, both driven by modern efficiency, and you get the really big story: reinventing fire, where business enabled and sped by smart policies in mindful markets can lead the United States completely off oil and coal by 2050, saving 5 trillion dollars, growing the economy 2.6-fold, strengthening out national security, oh, and by the way, by getting rid of the oil and coal, reducing the fossil carbon emissions by 82 to 86 percent. 
This also turns out to be the best way to cope with global challenges -- climate change, nuclear proliferation, energy insecurity, energy poverty -- all of which make us less safe. 
Now our team at RMI helps smart companies to get unstuck and speed this journey via six sectoral initiatives, with some more hatching. 
Of course there's still a lot of old thinking out there too. 
And but for a little transitional tail of natural gas and a bit of biofuel grown in ways that sustain and endure, this new fire is flameless. 
And I'll cut some wood and drill some holes and watch the water, and maybe I'll have to walk around and look for washers. 
And here I'm going to pull out the double wavelengths and increase the single. 
Transferred to a larger scale -- actually a lot larger, with a lot of help -- 14,064 bicycle reflectors -- a 20-day install. 
Some of them are like the wind and some are like waves, and sometimes they look alive and sometimes they seem like math. 
And I waited, and the next day I liked it a bit better, the next day I liked it a bit better, and now I really love it. 
And so I guess, one, the gut reactions a little bit wrong sometimes, and two, it does not look like as expected. 
I then go to a news site, look for some headlines. 
I go to work, I check email, I log onto a few more social sites, I blog, I check more news reports, I share some of those news reports, I go look at some videos, pretty typical day -- in this case, actually fairly pedantic -- and at the end of the day, as my day winds down, look at my profile. 
Because what we don't know can actually hurt us. 
What we have is exactly the same thing, the same activity, but one of them makes you feel great and the other one, with just a small change of posture, makes you feel terrible. 
The only difference is one of the dogs has a small button in its half of the box. 
For 0.01 percent of this money you could have put WiFi on the trains, which wouldn't have reduced the duration of the journey, but would have improved its enjoyment and its usefullness far more. 
For maybe 10 percent of the money, you could have paid all of the world's top male and female supermodels to walk up and down the train handing out free Chateau Petrus to all the passengers. 
You'd still have five [million] pounds in change, and people would ask for the trains to be slowed down. 
What they don't say is, "Well the numbers all seem to add up, but before I present this idea, I'll go and show it to some really crazy people to see if they can come up with something better." 
from when you go in to buy a television. 
It's probably a bit of a crap telly and a bit rubbish as a DVD player." 
What would happen if you could actually pay twice as much money to cross the bridge, but go through a lane that's an express lane? 
If you're waiting trying to get to a job interview, you'd patently pay a couple of pounds more to go through the fast lane. 
If you're on the way to visit your mother in-law, you'd probably prefer to stay on the left. 
You have a relatively economically efficient solution, but one that actually meets with public approval and even a small degree of affection, rather than being seen as bastardy. 
We tend to, all of us -- even those of us who work in marketing -- to think of value in two ways. 
Now if your perception is much worse than your reality, what on earth are you doing trying to change the reality? 
Because generally in Britain if you want to make us happy about something, just tell us we do it better than the Germans. 
The only thing they don't expect is they're uniting Europe through a shared mild hatred of the French and Germans. 
The problem with this is that then people expect women to be that easy to understand, and women are mad at themselves for not being that simple, when, in actuality, women are complicated, women are multifaceted -- not because women are crazy, but because people are crazy, and women happen to be people.  So the flaws are the key. 
You can't be smart and pretty. 
You can't care about clothes if it's not for the sake of what other people, usually men, will think of you. 
being perfectly consistent in your beliefs, never being insecure, never having doubts, having all of the answers. And this is not true, and, actually, reconciling all the contradictions I was feeling became easier once I understood that feminism was not a rulebook but a discussion, a conversation, a process, and this is a spread from a zine that I made last year when I -- I mean, I think I've let myself go a bit 
I mean, we have articles called "On Taking Yourself Seriously: How to Not Care What People Think of You," but we also have articles like, oops -- I'm figuring it out! 
Ha ha.  If you use that, you can get away with anything. 
We also have articles called "How to Look Like You Weren't Just Crying in Less than Five Minutes." 
Like, that's all you have to do.  Because my favorite thing about her, other than, like, everything, is that she is very -- has always been unapologetically present on stage, and unapologetic about her flaws and about reconciling all of her contradictory feelings and she makes you listen to them and think about them, and yeah, so please be Stevie Nicks. 
 But he was tough when it came to music. 
Now over the centuries it grew into the big pieces we always think of, like concertos and symphonies, but even the most ambitious masterpiece can have as its central mission to bring you back to a fragile and personal moment -- like this one from the Beethoven Violin Concerto. 
But the way we react to different combinations of these phenomena is complex and emotional and not totally understood. 
 Now your 21st century ears are quite happy with this last chord, even though a while back it would have puzzled or annoyed you or sent some of you running from the room. 
Well notation not only passed the music on, notating and encoding the music changed its priorities entirely, because it enabled the musicians to imagine music on a much vaster scale. 
And in fact, as man began to understand more his complex and ambivalent nature, harmony grew more complex to reflect it. 
Mostly it's been a person-to-person thing, a teacher-student, performer-audience thing, and then around 1880 came this new technology that first mechanically then through analogs then digitally created a new and miraculous way of passing things on, albeit an impersonal one. 
Sure, the big events attract a lot of attention, but what really matters is what goes on every single day. 
My children usually tell me that one of those passions is a little more apparent than the other. 
I started doing some research then, and this was the 25-year journey, and started finding out that actually human beings as primates have far smaller stomachs and far larger brains. 
Does that really explain what we're seeing with the intellectual property battles nowadays? 
Because those people who were hunter-gatherers in origin wanted to be free and roam and pick up information as they wanted, and those that were in the business of farming information wanted to build fences around it, create ownership and wealth and structure and settlement. 
When I moved to preparation, this same thing was true, expect that there were two schools. 
They'd buy it from the shop as raw ingredients. 
And we have to start thinking about how we create diets within ourselves, exercise within ourselves, to have the faculties to be able to deal with information, to have the labeling to be able to do it responsibly. 
But I'd like to leave you with just that question: If you began to think of all the information that you consume the way you think of food, what would you do differently? 
I'm a very lucky person. 
Now imagine a little Brit somewhere that wasn't cold and damp like home. 
There is nothing to eat up here, but the conditions were ideal for hibernation. 
But getting down can be a challenge for small cubs. 
So imagine how quick that thing is in real life. 
They're on sites big, they're on sites small. 
Dailypath that offers inspiration put inspiration on their 404 page. 
You can type in an URL and put in a 404 and these will pop. 
In fact, there's only one good thing I can think of when it gets to mosquitos. 
When they fly into our bedroom at night, they prefer to bite my wife. 
Because half the world's population runs the risk of contracting a killer disease like malaria through a simple mosquito bite. 
rather than the reverse. Think of it. 
Limburg, be proud of your cheese, as it is now used in the fight against malaria. 
And I will show you how we can use dogs in the fight against malaria. 
He's going back to check the control holes again, but he's coming back to the first one, and now he's locking into that smell, which means that now we can use dogs with these inspectors to much better find the breeding sites of mosquitos in the field, and therefore have a much bigger impact on malaria. 
Man's best friend in the fight against malaria. 
I'm sticking in my arm, I'm giving them a big juicy blood meal, I'm shaking them off, and we follow them through time to see these mosquitos get very, very sick indeed, here shown in fast motion, and three hours later what we see at the bottom of the cage is dead mosquitos, very dead mosquitos, and I'm going to say, ladies and gentlemen, we have swapped the cards with mosquitos. 
Now think of what we can do with this. 
And better still, imagine what would happen if, in a very large area, everyone would take these drugs, this drug, for just three weeks. 
And I just want to make it absolutely clear that he's a really bad example of the optimism bias, because he is in fact uniquely talented. 
So some people say no. 
I think the logic goes something like this: If we don't expect greatness, if we don't expect to find love and be healthy and successful, well we're not going to be disappointed when these things don't happen. 
Next time reality would catch up with them. 
The behavioral economist George Lowenstein asked students in his university to imagine getting a passionate kiss from a celebrity, any celebrity. 
The students wanted that time to imagine where is it going to happen, how is it going to happen. 
We know that, because when you ask people about their ultimate favorite day of the week, surprise, surprise, Saturday comes in at first, then Friday, then Sunday. 
On Sunday, the only thing you can look forward to is the work week. 
So optimists are people who expect more kisses in their future, more strolls in the park. 
So they tend to expect the future to be worse than it ends up being. 
The way we expect the world to be changes the way we see it. 
If we expect the future to be bright, stress and anxiety are reduced. 
And what he's doing is he's passing a small magnetic pulse through the skull of the participant in our study into their inferior frontal gyrus. 
This captain is going to use our findings on the optimism bias to try to explain to the firefighters why they think the way they do, to make them acutely aware of this very optimistic bias in humans. 
So unrealistic optimism can lead to risky behavior, to financial collapse, to faulty planning. 
It's like visual illusions, in which understanding them does not make them go away. 
And this is good because it means we should be able to strike a balance, to come up with plans and rules to protect ourselves from unrealistic optimism, but at the same time remain hopeful. 
Because if you're one of these pessimistic penguins up there who just does not believe they can fly, you certainly never will. Because to make any kind of progress, we need to be able to imagine a different reality, and then we need to believe that that reality is possible. 
But if you are an extreme optimistic penguin who just jumps down blindly hoping for the best, you might find yourself in a bit of a mess when you hit the ground. 
So Erez and I followed the fate of over 100 irregular verbs through 12 centuries of English language, and we saw that there's actually a very simple mathematical pattern that captures this complex historical change, namely, if a verb is 100 times more frequent than another, it regularizes 10 times slower. 
There's actually a well-known regularity to them where the number of wars that are 100 times deadlier is 10 times smaller. 
So you see that because of the way we perceive quantities, as the war drags on, the number of soldiers committed to it and the casualties will increase not linearly -- like 10,000, 11,000, 12,000 -- but exponentially -- 10,000, later 20,000, later 40,000. 
It will be able to reveal new trends in our history, sometimes to explain them, and maybe even in the future to predict what's going to happen. 
It seems like when I tell that story of Brian to my class, a lot of them want to come up after class and tell me about their similar experience, how a teacher shut them down or how a student was particularly cruel to them. 
So we see a lot of this. 
That you don't do things, you're afraid you're going to be judged. 
And Bandura calls that confidence self-efficacy -- the sense that you can change the world and that you can attain what you set out to do. 
That we could take people who had the fear that they weren't creative, and we could take them through a series of steps, kind of like a series of small successes, and they turn fear into familiarity, and they surprise themselves. 
People from all different kinds of disciplines, they think of themselves as only analytical. 
And they come in and they go through the process, our process, they build confidence and now they think of themselves differently. 
And Doug was really disappointed to learn that nearly 80 percent of the pediatric patients in this hospital had to be sedated in order to deal with his MRI machine. 
So while you're sitting around with the other patients in your pajamas and everybody's pale and thin and you're waiting for your turn to get the gamma rays, you think of a lot of things. 
And I was lucky because I had lots of options. 
We see them come up with more interesting, and just more, ideas so they can choose from better ideas. 
That they should achieve what Bandura calls self-efficacy, that you can do what you set out to do, and that you can reach a place of creative confidence and touch the snake. 
There's a very large nose that doesn't seem to be connected to anything in particular. 
And if we compare this to more recent representations of the visual system, you'll see that things have gotten substantially more complicated over the intervening thousand years. 
And a lot of the images I've been showing you here are very beautiful, but they're also very powerful. 
And only much later did scientists come onto the scene and say, "Hey, these are tools, these are functions that we could use in our own research tool palette." 
Well let me tell you, in terms of changing the world there has been a lot of competition this year, because the Arab Spring is still spreading, the Eurozone has collapsed ... what else? 
Russia. Chad wanted to fight against homophobia in Russia. 
North Dakota. Standing Rock Nation, in this Turtle Island, [unclear name] from the Dakota Lakota tribe wanted to show that the Native Americans are still here. 
I don't have to explain to you what kind of risk he took for that action. 
You go on the back of that truck, it takes your photo, 30 seconds later take it from the side, you're ready to rock. 
This is march, the 450,000 march -- beginning of September. 
They cram them onto cots, put all your personal belongings in a plastic garbage bag, stick it underneath, and put you on the floor of an entire sports arena, or a gymnasium. 
Now, my obsession ended up driving me to create full-size prototypes in my own backyard —  — and actually spending my own personal savings on everything from tooling to patents and a variety of other costs, but in the end I ended up with this modular housing system that can react to any situation or disaster. 
And on top of that, now we have a whole plethora of other individuals that have come up and started to talk to us from doing it for mining camps, mobile youth hostels, right down to the World Cup and the Olympics. 
So Beijerinck set out to discover the cause of tobacco mosaic disease. 
And he reached the point where he felt that there must be something out there that was smaller than the smallest forms of life that were ever known -- bacteria, at the time. 
We now know that viruses make up the majority of the genetic information on our planet, more than the genetic information of all other forms of life combined. 
And obviously there's been tremendous practical applications associated with this world -- things like the eradication of smallpox, the advent of a vaccine against cervical cancer, which we now know is mostly caused by human papillomavirus. 
So basically we had automobiles, but we were unaware of the forms of life that make up most of the genetic information on our planet. 
In my organization we now do this on a regular basis to identify the causes of outbreaks that are unclear exactly what causes them. 
And just to give you a sense of how this works, imagine that we took a nasal swab from every single one of you. 
And this is something we commonly do to look for respiratory viruses like influenza. 
And if we started looking into that genetic information, we'd see a number of usual suspects out there -- of course, a lot of human genetic information, but also bacterial and viral information, mostly from things that are completely harmless within your nose. 
And for the small group of us who actually study this kind of data, a few of us have actually begun to call this information biological dark matter. 
And there's a lot of it. 
If you think 20 percent of genetic information in your nose is a lot of biological dark matter, if we looked at your gut, up to 40 or 50 percent of that information is biological dark matter. 
At first we thought that perhaps this was artifact. 
A little over a hundred years ago, people were unaware of viruses, the forms of life that make up most of the genetic information on our planet. 
Go after the dark matter in whatever field you choose to explore. 
This sound, this smell, this sight all remind me of the campfires of my childhood, when anyone could become a storyteller in front of the dancing flames. 
So please join me for a minute of silence. 
Now you can imagine at that time I had to switch the ridiculous boots for some slippers. 
In fact, I put my World Trade Center crossing at the same artistic level as some of my smaller walks -- or some completely different type of performance. 
So each time I draw my circle of chalk on the pavement and enter as the improvising comic silent character I created 45 years ago, I am as happy as when I am in the clouds. 
So I said, now it's okay. The room is too small. 
Please take this music with you home, and start gluing feathers to your arms and take off and fly, and look at the world from a different perspective. 
We are very far from the days when the only practical response to dread disease was to have banished the afflicted -- like this, "The Exile of the Leper." 
And you go through the correctional system and everyone's telling you the same thing. 
They didn't give the forms to me or explain what was in the form. 
They're the lucky ones because they're still alive. 
There are many reasons for these positive developments, but one of the most remarkable is in the increase in the number of people around the world on anti-retroviral therapy, the medicines they need to keep their HIV in check. 
The law, on the other hand, can seem remote, arcane, the stuff of specialists, but it isn't. 
It's hard to imagine or measure. 
 But we feel as though there are times when a lot of us -- you know what I'm saying? 
 I've been trying inside I know that I'm in trouble But every time it gets me    And I've been trying to be the one that you believe in And you're the one that I want to be so saucy And you're the one I want to [unclear], baby And you can do anything as long as you don't get hurt along the way back  If I survive, I'm going to tell you what is wrong 
Now with the allocation and the understanding of the lack of understanding, we enter into a new era of science in which we feel nothing more than so much so as to say that those within themselves, comporary or non-comporary, will figuratively figure into the folding of our non-understanding and our partial understanding to the networks of which we all draw our source and conclusions from. 
So, rather than have it fight or do industrial work, put the robot into the center of it, and we called it the Telegarden. 
And I'm happy to say, it remained online there, 24 hours a day, That robot was operated by more people than any other robot in history. 
And the more I thought about it, I couldn't think of a good answer for how he could tell the difference. 
So thanks to this student, who questioned what everyone else had assumed to be true, this project taught me an important lesson about life, which is to always question assumptions. 
Just before the curtain went up, I had about 30 seconds to explain to Mr. Donaldson what we were going to do. 
So my students and I wondered: what if we could modify the system, so that the needles could come in at different angles? 
And we were able to show that we are able to avoid the delicate organs, and yet still achieve the coverage of the tumors with the radiation. 
So now, we're working with doctors at UCSF and engineers at Johns Hopkins, and we're building a robot that has a number of -- it's a specialized design with different joints that can allow the needles to come in at an infinite variety of angles. 
And we've been wondering, what if we could program the robot to perform some of these subtasks, and thereby free the surgeon to focus on the more complicated parts of the surgery, and also cut down on the time that the surgery would take if we could get the robot to do them a little bit faster? 
So we record all these examples, the data, and then go through a sequence of steps. 
Then what we do is we increase the velocity a little bit. 
And we go through this several rounds. 
And when people talk about life after fossil fuels and climate change action, I think there's a lot of fluff, a lot of greenwash, a lot of misleading advertising, and I feel a duty as a physicist to try to guide people around the claptrap and help people understand the actions that really make a difference and to focus on ideas that do add up. 
So here's a question: Imagine if we said, "Oh yes, we can get off fossil fuels. 
Okay, so let's put in some numbers. 
And let's imagine the cars are spaced 80 meters apart from each other, and they're just perpetually going along this road. 
It's as if we've all got 125 light bulbs on all the time, 125 kilowatt-hours per day per person is the energy consumption of the U.K. So there's 40 light bulbs' worth for transport, 40 light bulbs' worth for heating, and 40 light bulbs' worth for making electricity, and other things are relatively small compared to those three big fish. 
It's actually a bigger footprint if we take into account the embodied energy in the stuff we import into our country as well, and 90 percent of this energy today still comes from fossil fuels, and 10 percent only from other, greener -- possibly greener -- sources like nuclear power and renewables. 
And I've also added in this diagram now some pink lines that go down and to the right. 
So's Germany, and Japan is consuming a bit more. 
Wind power produces a bit more, 2.5 watts per square meter, but that's only twice as big as 1.25 watts per square meter, so that means if you wanted literally to produce total energy consumption in all forms on average from wind farms, you need wind farms half the area of the U.K. 
They all have a small power per unit area, and we have to live with that fact. 
There are other options for generating power as well So there's nuclear power, and on this Ordnance Survey map, you can see there's a Sizewell B inside a blue square kilometer. 
So by this particular metric, nuclear power isn't as intrusive as renewables. 
Of course, other metrics matter too, and nuclear power has all sorts of popularity problems. 
Well, the options are, I'd say, these three: power renewables, and recognizing that they need to be close to country-sized; other people's renewables, so we could go back and talk very politely to the people in the top left-hand side of the diagram and say, "Uh, we don't want renewables in our backyard, but, um, please could we put them in yours instead?" 
And a third option is nuclear power. 
Heating is a third of our energy consumption in Britain, and quite a lot of that is going into homes and other buildings doing space heating and water heating. 
Well, the laws of physics are written up there, which describe what -- how the power consumption for heating is driven by the things you can control. 
If you really want to get a bit closer to Swedish building standards with a crappy house like this, you need to be putting external insulation on the building as shown by this block of flats in London. 
You can also deliver heat more efficiently using heat pumps which use a smaller bit of high grade energy like electricity to move heat from your garden into your house. 
The third demand side option I want to talk about, the third way to reduce energy consumption is, read your meters. 
And people talk a lot about smart meters, but you can do it yourself. 
And most of these levers have popularity problems, and if there is a lever you don't like the use of, well please do bear in mind that means you need even stronger effort on the other levers. 
If you wanted 16 from wind, this map visualizes a solution for the U.K. It's got 160 wind farms, each 100 square kilometers in size, and that would be a twentyfold increase over today's amount of wind. 
Nuclear power, to get 16 light bulbs per person, you'd need two gigawatts at each of the purple dots on the map. 
That's a fourfold increase over today's levels of nuclear power. 
Now it should be clear by now that this book is in bad condition. 
It got in worse condition in the 20th century after Heiberg saw it. 
Why did he buy this book? 
And this is the sort of thing that we had to deal with: There was glue on the spine of the book. 
If you merge them together into one digital canvas, the parchment is bright in both images and it comes out bright. 
The Archimedes text is dark in one image and bright in another. 
So Athens and Thebes went out to fight Philip of Macedon. 
But if you can't win, then you should fight for a noble cause, because then you'll be remembered. 
And if you want to look at medieval manuscripts on the Web, at the moment you have to go to the National Library of Y's site or the University Library of X's site, in which you can deal with digital data. 
Now the Walters Art Museum is a small museum and it has beautiful manuscripts, but the data is fantastic. 
And I think that institutions should stand up and release all their data under unrestricted licenses, and it would be a great benefit to everybody. 
Why don't we just let everybody have access to this data and curate their own collection of ancient knowledge and wonderful and beautiful things and increase the beauty and the cultural significance Thank you very much indeed. 
I'm going to focus a lot of my talk on Egypt. 
But it's the largest Arab country and it's also one with a great deal of influence. 
So after analyzing mounds of data, what we discovered was this: Unemployment and poverty alone did not lead to the Arab revolts of 2011. 
In 2010, right before the revolution, even though GDP per capita had been growing at five percent for several years, Egyptians had never felt worse about their lives. 
So while economic development made a few people rich, it left many more worse off. 
But most of all, for the first time in decades, they expect to be active participants, not spectators, in the affairs of their country. 
And what really struck me about them was that they weren't only optimistic, but they kind of struck me as nervous, for lack of a better word. 
So right before the revolution we said that Egyptians had never felt worse about their lives, but not only that, they thought their future would be no better. 
A full third of those who braved tanks and tear gas to ask or to demand liberty and justice in Egypt were women. 
And at first that sounds very nice, very benign, well intended. 
Because if you look at the beginning of ethics in Western culture, you see a very different idea of what ethics also could be. 
And that is an idea that, I think, that Paul Richard Buchanan nicely put in a recent essay where he said, "Products are vivid arguments about how we should live our lives." 
And if you look into the designed environment around us with that kind of lens, that our products, our design, present to us?", then you often get the shivers, because of how little we expect of each other, of how little we actually seem to expect of our life and what the good life looks like. 
In other words, I look for aliens, and when I tell people that at a cocktail party, they usually look at me with a mildly incredulous look on their face. 
Now, a lot of people think that this is kind of idealistic, ridiculous, maybe even hopeless, but I just want to talk to you a little bit about why I think that the job I have is actually a privilege, okay, and give you a little bit of the motivation for my getting into this line of work, if that's what you call it. 
Now, at 3 o'clock in the morning when you're all alone, haven't had much sleep, that was a very romantic idea, but it was that idea -- the fact that you could in fact prove that there's somebody out there just using this same technology -- that appealed to me so much that 20 years later I took a job at the SETI Institute. Now, I have to say that my memory is notoriously porous, and I've often 
But we're going through the haystack no longer with a teaspoon but with a skip loader, because of this increase in speed. 
In other words, the rate of increase is exponential. 
That's a lot of real estate, but of course, most of these planets are going to be kind of worthless, like, you know, Mercury, or Neptune. 
We don't know the answer to that either, but we will learn that answer this year, thanks to NASA's Kepler Space Telescope, and in fact, the smart money, which is to say the people who work on this project, the smart money is suggesting that the fraction of planets that might be suitable for life is maybe one in a thousand, one in a hundred, something like that. 
Well, even taking the pessimistic estimate, that it's one in a thousand, that means that there are at least a billion cousins of the Earth Okay, now I've given you a lot of numbers here, but they're mostly big numbers, okay, so, you know, keep that in mind. There's plenty of real estate, plenty of real estate in the universe, and if we're the only bit of real estate in which there's 
All right, so the bottom line is this: Because of the increase in speed, and because of the vast amount of habitable real estate in the cosmos, I figure we're going to pick up a signal within two dozen years. 
And I feel strongly enough about that to make a bet with you: Either we're going to find E.T. in the next two dozen years, or I'll buy you a cup of coffee. 
Suppose some time in the next two dozen years we pick up a faint line that tells us we have some cosmic company. 
I mean, that would be a bit like asking Chris Columbus in 1491, "Hey Chris, you know, what happens if it turns out that there's a continent between here and Japan, where you're sailing to, what will be the consequences for humanity if that turns out to be the case?" 
Now, you might find that a bit hyperbolic, and maybe it is, but nonetheless, it's conceivable that this will happen, and, you know, you could consider this like, I don't know, giving Julius Caesar English lessons and the key to the library of Congress. 
And they're just doing it because they want to explore, and you might say, "Oh, that's kind of a frivolous opportunity," but that's not frivolous. That's not a frivolous activity, because, I mean, think of ants. 
I also think that exploration is important in terms of being able to address what I think is a critical lack in our society, and that is the lack of science literacy, the lack of the ability to even understand science. 
So to me this is interesting and important, and in fact, it's my policy, even though I give a lot of talks to adults, you give talks to adults, and two days later they're back where they were. 
And so what I thought I'd do is I'll explain four sort of problems about it, and then I'll suggest a solution, which hopefully you might find interesting. 
So if you're a criminal in a hurry and you need to copy someone's card, you can just stick a piece of paper on it and rub a pencil over it just to sort of speed things up. 
And if you think about it, it's even more insidious and perverse than it seems at first. 
 And when you go into a shop and buy something, it's a PIN, he doesn't care what the name is. 
They know the name, from the name they can find the address, and then they can go off and buy stuff online. 
And I know it crashed and burned a couple of years ago, but if you're someone in politics or the home office or whatever, and you think about identity, you can only think of identity in terms of cards with names on them. 
But of course, if anybody in the chatroom asked for his real name, I'd say no. You can't give them your real name. 
So you have this odd sort of paradox where I'm happy for him to go into this space if I know who everybody else is, but I don't want anybody else to know who he is. 
I wasn't actually at the G20 protest, but I had a meeting at a bank on the day of the G20 protest, and I got an email from the bank saying please don't wear a suit, because it'll inflame the protesters. 
I know that things are actually worse than these guys think. 
Suppose I was sitting next to a rogue trader, and I want to report it to the boss of the bank. 
So the idea that the gas man can turn up at my mom's door and he can show my mom his phone, and she can tap it with her phone, and it will come up with green if he really is from British Gas and allowed in, and it'll come up with red if he isn't, end of story. 
And what's more, although some of those things sounded a bit counter-intuitive, like proving I'm over 18 without proving who I am, the cryptography to do that not only exists, it's extremely well-known and well-understood. 
If you take a close-up of those, they look like this. 
And what you're looking at is columns of dust where there's so much dust -- by the way, the scale of this is a trillion vertical miles -- and what's happening is there's so much dust, it comes together and it fuses and ignites a thermonuclear reaction. 
 But as you're thinking about this, one of the interesting things is how small these mutations are and where they take place. 
So very small changes can have a big impact. 
And as it continues, one of the things that's going to happen this year is we're going to discover the first 10,000 human genomes, because it's gotten cheap enough to do the gene sequencing. 
And we had about 10.2 million plastic surgeries in the United States, except that with the technologies that are coming online today, today's corrections, deletions, augmentations and enhancements are going to seem like child's play. 
So they go down one side of the mountain, they go down another. 
And as you think of that, what it means is potentially you can rebuild a full copy of any organism out of any one of its cells. 
That turns out to be a big deal because now you can take, not just mouse cells, but you can human skin cells and turn them into human stem cells. 
And this might have just one or two small ethical, political, moral implications. 
The first place where you would expect to see enormous evolutionary pressure today, both because of the inputs, which are becoming massive, and because of the plasticity of the organ, is the brain. 
Here's the increase in less than a decade. 
Because when you think of how much data's coming into our brains, we're trying to take in as much data in a day as people used to take in in a lifetime. 
There's beginning to be some evidence that obesity and diet have something to do with gene modifications, which may or may not have an impact on how the brain of an infant works. 
  But what's beginning to happen is because these geeks are all getting together, because they are highly qualified for computer programming and it is highly remunerated, as well as other very detail-oriented tasks, that they are concentrating geographically and finding like-minded mates. 
But when you see an increase of that order of magnitude in a condition, either you're not measuring it right or there's something going on very quickly, and it may be evolution in real time. 
I think we're transitioning into Homo evolutis that, for better or worse, is not just a hominid that's conscious of his or her environment, it's a hominid that's beginning to directly and deliberately control the evolution of its own species, of bacteria, of plants, of animals. 
When I go to parties, it doesn't usually take very long for people to find out that I'm a scientist and I study sex. 
And what I do is I look for similarities and differences in the solutions that they've evolved for fundamental biological problems. 
Now I'm sure as everyone in the audience already knows -- I did have to explain it to my nine-year-old late last week -- penises are structures that transfer sperm from one individual to another. 
And that's because we tend to think of skeletons as stiff lever systems that produce speed or power. 
A lot of it didn't pan out. 
When you look at a penis in cross section, it has a lot of the hallmarks of a hydrostatic skeleton. 
And that explained to me expansion -- made sense: more fluid, you get tissues that expand -- but it didn't actually explain erection. 
To write a word or a phrase or a sentence in Arabic is like crafting an equation, because every part is extremely precise and carries a lot of information. 
That's one of the reasons so much of what we've come to think of as Western science and mathematics and engineering was really worked out in the first few centuries of the Common Era by the Persians and the Arabs and the Turks. 
This is the letter SHeen, and it makes the sound we think of as SH -- "sh." 
And the desalination process is one where we take out salts. 
So I'd like you to image a mining industry in a way that one hasn't existed before; imagine a mining industry that doesn't mean defiling the Earth; imagine bacteria helping us do this by accumulating and precipitating and sedimenting minerals out of desalination brine. 
And what you can see here is the beginning of an industry in a test tube, a mining industry that is in harmony with nature. 
It is thought to have been a replacement for the older space ports located, of course, at Stonehenge and considered to be quite an improvement due to the uncluttered design, the lack of druids hanging around all the time and obviously, the much better access to parking. 
More than that, I like to buy books on it that I never have to feel guilty about not reading because they go in here and I never look at them again and it's perfect. 
In fact, at the time, if you walked into a school for individuals with autism, you'd hear a lot of noise, plenty of commotion, actions, people doing things, but they're always doing things by themselves. 
From the first days and weeks of life, babies prefer to hear human sounds rather than just sounds in the environment. 
They prefer to look at people rather than at things, and even as they're looking at people, they look at people's eyes, because the eye is the window to the other person's experiences, so much so that they even prefer to look at people who are looking at them rather than people who are looking away. 
It doesn't. It begins with the beginning of life. 
Now remember that we learn a great deal by sharing experiences. 
And yet, the median age of diagnosis in this country is still about five years, and in disadvantaged populations, the populations that don't have access to clinical services, rural populations, minorities, the age of diagnosis is later still, which is almost as if I were to tell you that we are condemning those communities to have individuals with autism whose condition is going to be more severe. 
And we actually have a bit of a question here, because if there are so many different causes of autism, how do you go from those liabilities to the actual syndrome? Because people like myself, when we walk into a playroom, we recognize a child as having autism. 
Well, this is my colleague Warren Jones, with whom we've been building these methods, these studies, for the past 12 years, and you see there a happy five-month-older, it's a five-month little boy who is going to watch things that are brought from his world, his mom, the caregiver, but also experiences that he would have were he to be in his daycare. 
It starts way up here, but then it's a free fall. 
No longer. We can do a great deal of things. 
What we want is to make sure that those individuals with autism can be free from the devastating consequences that come with it at times, the profound intellectual disabilities, the lack of language, the profound, profound isolation. 
We want them to be free of that. 
We make up half the population of the world, but we're just 24 percent of the news subjects quoted in news stories. 
Case in point: This March, the New York Times ran a story by James McKinley about a gang rape of a young girl, 11 years old, in a small Texas town. 
 You don't hear much about the 11-year-old victim, except that she wore clothes that were a little old for her and she wore makeup. 
They tend to sensationalize, and they lack context. 
But that's not what Fast Company thinks the business world will look like in the future, so it tries to give a picture of where the globalized world is moving." 
He balked at first, but said he eventually followed the directive happily, because his stories got better and his job got easier. 
I went, "Wait a minute, all right, right -- I'll get the wheels." Purely out of protest, I got the flashy wheels, and I installed them and -- check this out. Could I have my special light cue please? 
Life in prison. Death penalty in the United States, not so much in Norway. 
 But anyway, so when my wife and I decided to upgrade our early middle age -- we had four kids, after all -- with a little different technology that I won't explain in too much detail here -- my urologist assured me I had nothing whatsoever to worry about. 
I mean, did a designer come up with that? 
No, I don't think a designer did come up with that. 
We're really hoping he thanks us for that later on. 
I was in a wheelchair; I didn't look like a looter. 
I was in a wheelchair; I didn't look like a journalist, particularly, at least from their perspective. 
And I didn't look like a soldier, that's for sure. 
He went back to the streets of Kinshasa; I went to my hotel. And I think of him now, now ... 
This is what we must demand of our lives, of our objects, of our things, of our circumstances: living with intent. 
And I want to explain it to you now because this is a very special day. 
And from that moment, I knew the given was that accident; I had no option but to make up this new life without walking. 
And over the course of nine months I had the chance with low-income families in Boston who would come in presenting with housing issues, but always had an underlying health issue. 
Far more effective, I have to say, than anything I later learned in law school. 
In that clinic, even today, there are two social workers for 24,000 pediatric patients, which is better than a lot of the clinics out there. 
And the email was from Dr. Jack Geiger, who had written to congratulate me on Health Leads and to share, as he said, a bit of historical context. 
We started with the prescription pad -- a very ordinary piece of paper -- and we asked, not what do patients need to get healthy -- antibiotics, an inhaler, medication -- but what do patients need to be healthy, to not get sick in the first place? 
So now at Harlem Hospital Center when patients come in with an elevated body mass index, the electronic medical record automatically generates a prescription for Health Leads. 
What if a small part of that next healthcare workforce were the 11 million college students in this country? 
That's a lot of pressure." 
In groups as large as 150 and as small as three, these young people discovered new places, new thoughts, new perspectives. 
Made in 1939, the film is older than most of our members' grandparents. 
When the sailors mutinied at sea in a demand for humane conditions, it was these teenagers that fed the crew. 
My mother's mother left Europe in a hurry without her husband, but with her three-year-old daughter and diamonds sewn into the hem of her skirt. 
Purists may feel that fiction dissipates the quest of real human understanding, that film is too crude to tell a complex and detailed history, or that filmmakers always serve drama over truth. 
Our members defy the binary description of how we so often describe our young. 
If we want different values we have to tell a different story, a story that understands that an individual narrative is an essential component of a person's identity, that a collective narrative is an essential component of a cultural identity, and without it it is impossible to imagine yourself as part of a group. 
When I finally got to a place in my life where I came out and accepted who I was, and was really quite happy, to tell you the truth, I was happily gay and I guess that's supposed to be right because gay means happy too. 
I realized there were a lot of people who weren't as gay as I was -- gay being happy, not gay being attracted to the same sex. 
In fact, I heard that there was a lot of hate and a lot of anger and a lot of frustration and a lot of fear about who I was and the gay lifestyle. 
 We're usually in bed before we find out who's eliminated on "American Idol." 
We have to wake up and find out the next day who's still on because we're too freaking tired to hear who stays on. 
That's why I'm so happy to finally hear President Obama come out and say  that he supports --  that he supports marriage equality. 
Educated, well-dressed,  some would dare say questionably dressed. 
I figured if I was a bit irreverent, you wouldn't find it serious. 
So that's the kind of thing that, here, check this out, here's another way, and I won't overdo this. 
It would give out on me. And I would watch the guys, I'd go to this warehouse where a lot of the guys were skating, my friends, and I was like, "Man I gotta do something new. I want to do something new. 
It's a rotten neighborhood. Your first consideration is, am I gonna get beat up? You go out and -- See this wall? 
But there's this other aspect of it for wheelies, so check this out. There's a few tricks, again, how environment changes the nature of your tricks. 
And another example of how the context changed, and the creative process for me and for most skaters, is, you go, you get out of the car, you check for security, you check for stuff.  It's funny, you get to know their rhythms, you know, the guys that cruise around, and skateboarding is such a humbling thing, man. 
No matter how good you are, right, you still gotta deal with — So you hit this wall, and when I hit it, the first thing you do is you fall forward, and I'm like, all right, all right. 
The greater the contribution, the more we express and form our individuality, which is so important to a lot of us who feel like rejects to begin with. 
The summation of that gives us something we could never achieve as an individual. 
So I've had some success. And in the end, when you've had all of these things, what is it that continues to drive you? As I mentioned, the knee stuff and these things, what is it that will punch you? 
She was taken away by authorities and placed in a psychiatric hospital, and so for the next several years Will lived with his older brother, until he committed suicide by shooting himself through the heart. 
I certainly think that my client shouldn't have been executed, but what I would like to do today instead is talk about the death penalty in a way I've never done before, in a way that is entirely noncontroversial. 
I think that's possible, because there is a corner of the death penalty debate -- maybe the most important corner -- where everybody agrees, where the most ardent death penalty supporters and the most vociferous abolitionists are on exactly the same page. 
Before I do that, though, I want to spend a couple of minutes telling you how a death penalty case unfolds, and then I want to tell you two lessons that I have learned over the last 20 years as a death penalty lawyer from watching well more than a hundred cases unfold in this way. 
You can think of a death penalty case as a story that has four chapters. 
It begins with the murder of an innocent human being, and it's followed by a trial where the murderer is convicted and sent to death row, and that death sentence is ultimately upheld by the state appellate court. 
The lawyers might file a clemency petition, they might initiate even more complex litigation, or they might not do anything at all. 
When I started representing death row inmates more than 20 years ago, people on death row did not have a right to a lawyer in either the second or the fourth chapter of this story. 
So what all of these death row inmates had to do was rely on volunteer lawyers to handle their legal proceedings. 
The problem is that there were way more guys on death row than there were lawyers who had both the interest and the expertise to work on these cases. 
And yet, at the same time that we continue to execute about the same number of people every year, the number of people who we're sentencing to death on an annual basis has dropped rather steeply. 
So we have this paradox, which is that the number of annual executions has remained high but the number of new death sentences has gone down. 
It hasn't happened because of a dissolution of popular support for the death penalty. Death penalty opponents take great solace in the fact that death penalty support in Texas is at an all-time low. 
Now, that's really good compared to the mid-1980s, when it was in excess of 80 percent, but we can't explain the decline in death sentences and the affinity for life without the possibility of parole by an erosion of support for the death penalty, because people still support the death penalty. 
What's happened is that lawyers who represent death row inmates have shifted their focus to earlier and earlier chapters of the death penalty story. 
And they went from chapter three in the late 1980s to chapter two in the mid-1990s. And beginning in the mid- to late 1990s, they began to focus on chapter one of the story. 
All that I want to tell you is that the reason that this has happened is because death penalty lawyers have understood that the earlier you intervene in a case, the greater the likelihood that you're going to save your client's life. 
I sometimes say, if you tell me the name of a death row inmate -- doesn't matter what state he's in, doesn't matter if I've ever met him before -- I'll write his biography for you. 
And the reason for that is that 80 percent of the people on death row are people who came from the same sort of dysfunctional family that Will did. 
Eighty percent of the people on death row are people who had exposure to the juvenile justice system. 
And he was learning how, when you have a big old gnarly problem, sometimes the solution is to slice it into smaller problems. 
That's what we do for most problems -- in math, in physics, even in social policy -- we slice them into smaller, more manageable problems. 
The way we solve this problem is to make the issue of the death penalty bigger. 
We have these four chapters of a death penalty story, but what happens before that story begins? 
What options do we have to nudge that person off of the path that is going to lead to a result that everybody -- death penalty supporters and death penalty opponents -- still think is a bad result: the murder of an innocent human being? 
My client Will and 80 percent of the people on death row had five chapters in their lives that came before the four chapters of the death penalty story. 
I think of these five chapters as points of intervention, when our society could've intervened in their lives and nudged them off of the path that they were on that created a consequence that we all -- death penalty supporters or death penalty opponents -- say was a bad result. 
We could be intervening much more aggressively into dangerously dysfunctional homes, and getting kids out of them before their moms pick up butcher knives and threaten to kill them. 
What we're doing in the death penalty system is we're paying later. 
If we make the picture bigger and devote our attention to the earlier chapters, then we're never going to write the first sentence that begins the death penalty story. 
We also refer to subclinical conditions. 
It said, actually, a lot of that hormone replacement therapy may be doing more harm than good for many of those women. 
But I have some good news for you, because I'm a journalist, I like to end things in a happy way or a forward-thinking way. 
I didn't make up pre-vivor. 
We have pharmaceutical companies that are constantly trying to expand the indications, expand the number of people who are eligible for a given treatment, because that obviously helps their bottom line. We have advocacy groups, like the one that's come up with pre-vivor, who want to make more and more people feel they are at risk, or might have a condition, so that they can raise more funds and raise visibility, et cetera. 
He learned, from watching this kid who he eventually hired, who was really successful for him, that it wasn't swinging for the fences, it wasn't swinging at every pitch like the sluggers do, which is what all the expensive teams like the Yankees like to -- they like to pick up those guys. 
But it was something he later turned to his advantage. 
A world telegraphy center -- imagine news, messages, sounds, images delivered to any point in the world instantly and wirelessly. 
And how does it look like in a stadium? 
And just by using cold water going through the water pipes, you can release the heat which is absorbed during the day in the stadium, so you can create that comfort, and then by adding dry air instead of down-chilled air, the spectators and the football players can adjust to their individual comfort needs, to their individual energy balance. 
We uploaded a very simple perceived temperature calculator where you can check out about your outdoor comfort. 
In fact, when he had his daughter many years later, he wanted to name her after Mae West, but can you imagine an Indian child name Mae West? 
We actually sit every few years, argue, disagree, fight, and actually come up with our very own 200-year plan. 
Because, you know, we both come from families that really look up to humility and wisdom, but we both like to live larger than life. 
It's so easy to think of technology as a metaphor for memory, but our brains are not perfect storage devices like technology. 
And I rather think of our brains as biased curators of our memory, you know? And if technology is not a metaphor for memory, what is it? 
It's like a video game obstacle course. And I've gotten better and better at doing this. Even when I make a painting, I actually imagine I'm behind the painting, it already exists, and someone's looking at it, and I see whether they're feeling it from their gut. 
I didn't know TED then, but what I did was I closed my eyes tight, and I started dreaming. I could imagine people coming in, dressed up, looking beautiful, my paintings with all the light, and in my visualization I actually saw a very famous actress launching my show, giving credibility to me. 
And what a bang it started my career with! You know, when we think of time in this way, we can curate not only the future but also the past. 
Go tell Facebook to figure that out! Netra and I don't write our 200-year plan for someone else to come and execute it in 150 years. Imagine receiving a parcel saying, from the past, okay now you're supposed to spend the rest of your life doing all of this. No. 
I like to think of myself as a storyteller, where my past and my future are only stories, my stories, waiting to be told and retold. I hope all of you one day get a chance to share and write your own 200-year story. 
Our political leaders need at least a modest degree of scientific literacy, which most badly lack today -- no applause, please. 
During 41 years of teaching biology at Harvard, I watched sadly as bright students turned away from the possibility of a scientific career or even from taking non-required courses in science because they were afraid of failure. 
Keep in mind, then, Wilson's Second Principle: For every scientist, whether researcher, technician, teacher, manager or businessman, working at any level of mathematical competence, there exists a discipline in science or medicine for which that level is enough to achieve excellence. 
It is important also to acquire older mentors within these successful programs, and to make friends and colleagues of your age for mutual support. 
But through it all, look for a way to break out, to find a field and subject not yet popular. 
The existing information and what you self-discover may at first seem skimpy and difficult to connect to other bodies of knowledge. 
The problem may be relatively small; for example, where exactly in a cruise ship does the norovirus begin to spread? 
The two strategies of research, original research, can be stated as follows, in the final principle I'm going to offer you: For every problem in a given discipline of science, there exists a species or entity or phenomenon ideal for its solution. 
Find out what they are. 
The decades ahead will see dramatic advances in disease prevention, general health, the quality of life. 
You have chosen a calling that will come in steps to give you satisfaction, at its conclusion, of a life well lived. 
We were thrilled to have that kind of audience, and just a bit terrified that we hadn't finished preparing the class yet.  So we got to work. 
A student said, "This class felt like sitting in a bar with a really smart friend who's explaining something you haven't grasped, but are about to." 
Now, from Khan Academy, we saw that short 10-minute videos worked much better than trying to record an hour-long lecture and put it on the small-format screen. 
Here, I'm explaining how a computer uses the grammar of English to parse sentences, and here, there's a pause and the student has to reflect, understand what's going on and check the right boxes before they can continue. 
Now, the class ran 10 weeks, and in the end, about half of the 160,000 students watched at least one video each week, and over 20,000 finished all the homework, putting in 50 to 100 hours. 
If we did, it would be a complete mess, because there's a lot of stuff out there. 
And the other cool thing is, not only can we move the camera around, we can also control time, so I can slide this jog dial here to shuttle time forward, and now we can see what a sunset on the ISS would look like, and they get one every 90 minutes.  All right, so what about the rest of it? 
You can see, there's Saturn, there's Jupiter, and while we're here, I want to point out something. 
Well, a lot of what NASA does is robotic exploration, and we have a lot of spacecraft out there. 
And just being able to visit different places and go through different times, we have data from 1950 to 2050. 
It doesn't look like anything's going on. 
It's just the vastness of space makes it look like nothing's happening. 
But to make it more interesting, I'm going to speed up time, and we can watch as Voyager 1 flies by Titan, which is a hazy moon of Saturn. 
In fact, if you look at polls, they show a declining trend for support for free trade in the West. 
For example, if you have read — I suspect many of you have done so — read the book by Thomas Friedman called "The World Is Flat," he said, basically, in his book that, you know, this fear for free trade is wrong because it assumes, it's based on a mistaken assumption that everything that can be invented has been invented. 
What he did was he looked at those companies that had an R&amp;amp;D center in USA and in India, and then he looked at a patent that was filed out of the U.S. and a similar patent filed out of the same company's subsidiary in India, so he's now comparing the patents of R&amp;amp;D centers in the U.S. with R&amp;amp;D centers in India of the same company to find out what is the quality of the patents filed 
out of the Indian centers and how do they compare with the quality of the patents filed out of the U.S. centers? 
Interestingly, what he finds is — and by the way, the way we look at the quality of a patent is what we call forward citations: How many times does a future patent reference the older patent? — he finds something very interesting. 
For example, in the pharma industry, a lot of the molecules are being developed, but you see a major part of that work is being sent to India. 
Very quickly, they get bored, and they start innovating, and they start telling the boss how to do this job better, and out of this process innovation comes product innovations, which are then marketed around the world. 
For example, 24/7 Customer, traditional call center company, used to be a traditional call center company. Today they're developing analytical tools to do predictive modeling so that before you pick up the phone, you can guess or predict what this phone call is about. 
What we are trying to say is that once you outsource the bottom end of the ladder, you -- it's a self-perpetuating act, because of the sinking skill ladder, and the sinking skill ladder is simply the point that you can't be an investment banker without having been an analyst once. 
Right? And the last thing we point out in this slide, which is, you know, that to this story, there's one caveat. 
Indian institutes and educational system, with a few exceptions, are incapable of producing students in the quantity and quality needed to keep this innovation engine going, so companies are finding innovative ways to overcome this, but in the end it does not absolve the government of the responsibility for creating this educational structure. 
They move; they go up, they go down. 
The link that I clicked on here was exotic in the beginning and then absolutely mysterious at the very end. 
This is the boy in me getting lucky again. 
And also this is part of a large community where there are thousands of people around the world that are actually making these kinds of printers, and there's a lot of innovation happening because it's all open-source. 
So, we worked on Arduino and a lot of other projects there to create platforms that would be simple for our students to use, so that our students could just build things that worked, but they don't have five years to become an electronics engineer. We have one month. 
So let's look at what happens when you make a tool that anybody can just pick up and build something quickly, so one of the examples that I like to sort of example of this cat feeder. 
One was sick and the other one was healthy, so he had to make sure they ate the proper food. 
Now, Arduino itself is made of a lot of different open-source components that maybe individually are hard to use for a 12-year-old kid, so Arduino wraps everything together into a mashup of open-source technologies where we try to give them the best user experience to get something done quickly. 
It's a small model helicopter. 
And so this one was military technology a few years ago, and now it's open-source, easy to use, you can buy it online. 
Or, other projects. Matt Richardson: I'm getting a little sick of hearing about the same people on TV over and over and over again, so I decided to do something about it. 
This Arduino project, which I call the Enough Already, will mute the TV anytime any of these over-exposed personalities is mentioned.  I'll show you how I made it.  MB: Check this out. 
MR: Our producers caught up with Kim Kardashian earlier today to find out what she was planning on wearing to her — MB: Eh?  MR: It should do a pretty good job of protecting our ears from having to hear about the details of Kim Kardashian's wedding. 
This is called Botanicalls, because there's an Arduino ball with a Wi-Fi module in the plant, and it's measuring the well-being of the plant, and it's creating a Twitter account where you can actually interact with the plant.  So, you know, this plant will start to say, "This is really hot," or there's a lot of, you know, "I need water right now."  So it just gives a personality to your plant. 
So you can find out everything about this project on the website. 
Or you have students in developing countries making replicas of scientific instruments that cost a lot of money to make. 
The last project I want to show you is this: It's called ArduSat. It's currently on Kickstarter, so if you want to contribute, please do it. 
Thank you.   And thanks to the community. 
MB: Well, it's the work of a lot of people, so we as a community are enabling people to make great stuff, and I just feel overwhelmed. 
It's just, it's difficult to describe this. 
I started studying kids about 15 years ago, -- so actually 20 years ago now -- and I noticed how my own children were effortlessly able to use all this sophisticated technology, and at first I thought, "My children are prodigies!"  But then I noticed all their friends were like them, so that was a bad theory. 
So this technology push, a demographic kick from a new generation and a demand pull from a new economic global environment is causing the world to open up. 
The market value of his company goes from 90 million to 10 billion dollars, and I can tell you, because he's my neighbor, he's a happy camper.  You know, conventional wisdom says talent is inside, right? 
And we need a lot of sunlight in this troubled world. 
Now, conventional wisdom says, "Well, hey, our intellectual property belongs to us, and if someone tries to infringe it, we're going to get out our lawyers and we're going to sue them." 
First of all, there aren't a lot of big inventions in the pipeline, and this is a big problem for human health, and the pharmaceutical industry has got a bigger problem, that they're about to fall off something called the patent cliff. 
So the students would take their mobile devices, take a picture, triangulate the location, send that picture to friendly military units, who'd come in and take out the snipers. 
I've tried to study all kinds of organizations to understand what the future might look like, but I've been studying nature recently. 
You know, bees come in swarms and fish come in schools. 
Starlings, in the area around Edinburgh, in the moors of England, come in something called a murmuration, and the murmuration refers to the murmuring of the wings of the birds, and throughout the day the starlings are out over a 20-mile radius sort of doing their starling thing. 
Well, I look at this thing, and I get a lot of hope. 
And I look at this thing, and, I don't know, I get a lot of hope that maybe this smaller, networked, open world that our kids inherit might be a better one, and that this new age of networked intelligence could be an age of promise fulfilled and of peril unrequited. 
In fact, I've managed to stay clear of hospitals for almost three decades, perhaps my proudest accomplishment. 
That's not to say that I've remained clear of all psychiatric struggles. 
Steve would later tell me that, for all the times he had seen me psychotic, nothing could have prepared him for what he saw that day. 
I'm scared. Tell them to get away.'" As a young woman, I was in a psychiatric hospital on three different occasions for lengthy periods. 
I'd like to share with you how that happened, and also describe my experience of being psychotic. 
I sometimes have the idea that nuclear explosions are about to be set off in my brain. 
Continuing with the writings: "The next morning I went to my professor's office to ask for an extension on the memo assignment, and I began gibbering unintelligably as I had the night before, and he eventually brought me to the emergency room. 
It's unclear whether using mechanical restraints is actually saving lives or costing lives. 
Kaplan would later describe me as 'writhing in agony.' Even in this state, what he accurately described as acutely and forwardly psychotic, I refused to take more medication. 
'Okay. Small. Fire on ice. Tell them not to kill me. 
It's also a very intellectually stimulating place, and occupying my mind with complex problems has been my best and most powerful and most reliable defense against my mental illness. 
If you hear nothing else today, please hear this: There are not "schizophrenics." 
And these strands of magnetic field inside the superconductor, they come in discrete quantities. 
This two-millimeter-thin superconducting layer could hold 1,000 kilograms, a small car, in my hand. 
I'm afraid by what I see. 
In the end, 300 people were gravely wounded and over 172 men, women and children lost their lives that day. 
When they swarm and chase you down the block to shoot you, a little bit less so. 
Engineers, by moving around a small number of genetic changes, were able to weaponize it and make it much more easy for human beings to catch, so that not thousands of people would die, but tens of millions. 
You see, you can go ahead and create new pandemics, and the researchers who did this were so proud of their accomplishments, they wanted to publish it openly so that everybody could see this and get access to this information. 
DNA researcher Andrew Hessel has pointed out quite rightly that if you can use cancer treatments, modern cancer treatments, to go after one cell while leaving all the other cells around it intact, then you can also go after any one person's cell. 
For those of you who follow me on Twitter, I will be tweeting out the answer later on today.  Actually, it's a bit more complex than that, and there are no magic bullets. 
That's a lot of people. 
He'll sign his name on every line, he'll check all the boxes, he'll put numbers in where he thinks there should be numbers. 
Because the more things that are familiar, the more things my hands know how to do, the more things that I can be happy and busy doing when my brain's not running the show anymore. 
I want to be as happy as I can for as long as I can. 
A lot of people don't know that Alzheimer's actually has physical symptoms, as well as cognitive symptoms. You lose your sense of balance, you get muscle tremors, and that tends to lead people to being less and less mobile. 
When you take away everything that he ever learned in this world, his naked heart still shines. 
The middle line is millions of tons of plastic debris accumulating in our ocean, and the third line is radioactive material leaking from Fukushima nuclear power plant in the Pacific Ocean. 
When the BP oil spill happened, I was working at MIT, and I was in charge of developing an oil spill-cleaning technology. 
Currently, what they were doing is that they were using these small fishing boats, and they were cleaning clean lines in an ocean of dirt. 
So I built this small sailing robot with the rudder at the front, and I was trying to pull something very long and heavy, so that's a four-meter-long object just to pull, and I was surprised with just a 14-centimeter rudder, I could control four meters of absorbent. 
Then I was so happy that I kept playing with the robot, and so you see the robot has a front rudder here. 
Then I started publishing online, and some friends from Korea, they started being interested in this, and we made a boat which has a front rudder and a back rudder, so we started interacting with this, and it was slightly better, although it was very small and a bit off balance, but then we thought, what if we have more than two points of control? 
So —  Thank you very much.  And so that's the beginning of Protei, and that's the first boat in history that completely changed the shape of the hull in order to control it, and the properties of sailing that we get are very superior compared to a normal boat. 
This is low speed, low wind speed, and the maneuverability is very increased, and here I'm going to do a small jibe, and look at the position of the sail. 
So, I wanted to know if this was possible to put this at an industrial level, so we made a large boat with a large sail, and with a very light hull, inflatable, very small footprint, so we have a very big size and power ratio. 
Our small prototype has given us good insight that it's working very well, but we still need to work a lot more on this. 
The other thing is, most boats, when they reach a certain speed, and they are going on waves, they start to hit and slap on the surface of the water, and a lot of the energy moving forward is lost. 
But if we're going with the flow, if we pay attention to natural patterns instead of trying to be strong, but if you're going with the flow, we may absorb a lot of environmental noises, so the wave energy, to actually save some energy to move forward. 
Normal technology or innovation happens like this: Somebody has an interesting idea, some other scientist or engineer, they take it to the next level, they make a theory about it and maybe they patent it, and then some industry will make a contract of exclusivity to manufacture and sell it, and then, eventually, a buyer will buy it, and we hope that they are going to use [it] for a good purpose. 
It means that everybody is free to use, modify and distribute, and in exchange we only ask for two things: The name is credited -- the name of the project -- and also the people who make improvement, they share back with the community. 
We're working on also simpler technology, not that complex, with younger people and also older people, like this dinosaur is from Mexico.  So Protei is now an international network of innovation for selling technology using this shape-shifting hull. 
It will be just a way to, say, greenwash your audience and, say, increase your price tag. 
So, this small machine that you've seen, we're hoping to make small toys like one-meter remote control Protei that you can upgrade -- so replace the remote control parts by Androids, so the mobile phone, and Arduino micro-controller, so you could be controlling this from your mobile phone, your tablet. 
That's okay, because check it out -- I have math to prove that it is possible. 
I'll explain it all later, just pay attention to the number at the bottom: +7.68245837 minutes. 
Now, 21 billion hours, it's a lot of time. 
Well, here I can't help but think of the groundbreaking clinical trials recently conducted at East Carolina University that showed that online games can outperform pharmaceuticals for treating clinical anxiety and depression. 
I knew from researching the psychology of games for more than a decade that when we play a game -- and this is in the scientific literature -- we tackle tough challenges with more creativity, more determination, more optimism, and we're more likely to reach out to others for help. 
This was an easier way to ask for help. 
Now this was anything that could trigger my symptoms and therefore slow down the healing process, things like bright lights and crowded spaces. 
Things like cuddling my dog for 10 minutes, or getting out of bed and walking around the block just once. 
"I'm not afraid to do what makes me happy." 
Every hour of the day, every day of your life, all the way to your deathbed, which will now be 10 years later than it would have otherwise. 
And I recovered, thanks to the miracles of modern medicine, insulin and other things, and gained all my weight back and more. 
You see, diabetes is an autoimmune disease where your body fights itself, and at the time people thought that somehow maybe exposure to a pathogen had triggered my immune system to fight the pathogen and then kill the cells that make insulin. 
So you have caught flesh-eating disease if you caught that one. 
And I can tell you all the details about the microbial study that we did there, but the reason I want to tell you this story is something really striking that they did at the beginning of this project. 
There's something called the Human Microbiome Project that's going on in the United States, and MetaHIT going on in Europe, and a lot of other projects. 
Well, one thing that animals seem to do is, they eat poo -- coprophagia. 
And it turns out that many veterinarians, old school veterinarians in particular, have been doing something called "poo tea," not booty, but poo tea, to treat colic and other ailments in horses and cows and things like that, where you make tea from the poo from a healthy individual animal and you feed it to a sick animal. 
Although, unless you have a fistulated cow with a big hole in its side, and you can put your hand into its rumen, it's hard to imagine that the delivery of microbes directly into the mouth and through the entire top of the digestive tract is the best delivery system, so you may have heard in people they are now doing fecal transplants, where rather than delivering a couple of probiotic microbes through the mouth, 
Now what these transplants, these fecal transplants, or the poo tea suggest to me, and many other people have come up with this same idea, is that the microbial community in and on us, it's an organ. 
And what the DNA sequencing technologies are allowing people to do now is do detailed studies of, say, 100 patients who have Crohn's disease and 100 people who don't have Crohn's disease. 
And we can now start to compare the community of microbes and their genes and see if there are differences. 
Actually, a lot of things are better with fire in my world, but the fire's just a foundation. 
This is all 40 minutes of the recording, and right away the algorithm tells us a lot more tricks are missed than are made, and also a trick on the rails is a lot more likely to produce a cheer, and if you look really closely, we can tease out traffic patterns. 
And in the middle of the recording, the mics pick this up, but later in the recording, this kid shows up, and he starts using a line at the top of the park to do some very advanced tricks on something called the tall rail. 
So there's a lot of sentences, so a lot of stars, and after rendering all of the audio, this is what we get. 
 It's all eight hours of the Cambridge lecture series taken in as a single visual impression, and I really like this image, but a lot of people think it's fake. 
Stephen Hawking: There is one, and only one, arrangement in which the pieces make a complete picture. 
Now, we've all seen a lot of TEDTalks online, so let's watch one now with the sound turned off and the closed captioning turned on. 
You can get the tone and the timbre and the pace of the speech, things that you can't get out of closed captioning. 
It's another one of those categories where maybe there's not a lot of competition. 
  I guess it goes without saying that we've had a lot of fun doing this. 
As we've looked at the question of how well do these cars perform, we wanted to compare them to our human counterparts. 
So as researchers, that's what we decided to find out. 
However, neuroscientists have identified certain patterns that let us tease out some very important aspects of this. 
For instance, the resting brain tends to generate a lot of alpha waves. 
In contrast, theta waves are associated with a lot of cognitive activity, like visual processing, things where the driver is thinking quite a bit. 
All right, so thanks to the Revs Program at Stanford, we were able to take John there and put him behind the wheel of a 1960 Porsche Abarth Carrera. 
Look for the tree, and down. 
You can see his mental workload spike as he goes through this, as you would expect with something that requires this level of complexity. 
So, as we move forward into this technological future, I want you to just pause and think of that for a moment. 
What is the ideal balance of human and machine? 
The change was silent, imperceptible, unless you knew exactly what to look for. 
Instantaneously, every civilian GPS receiver around the globe went from errors the size of a football field to errors the size of a small room. 
Before this switch was thrown, we didn't have in-car navigation systems giving turn-by-turn directions, because back then, GPS couldn't tell you what block you were on, let alone what street. 
Only, I believe, for a lack of imagination. 
Manufacturers haven't built this carrier phase technique into their cheap GPS chips because they're not sure what the general public would do with geolocation so accurate that you could pinpoint the wrinkles in the palm of your hand. 
So this level of positioning, this is what we're looking for, and I believe that, within the next few years, I predict, that this kind of hyper-precise, carrier phase-based positioning will become cheap and ubiquitous, and the consequences will be fantastic. 
For one thing, GPS doesn't work indoors, and for another, they don't make devices quite this small, especially when those devices have to relay their measurements back over a network. 
You'll buy GPS dots in bulk, and you'll stick them on everything you own worth more than a few tens of dollars. 
The Supreme Court ruled last month that a policeman has to get a warrant if he wants to do prolonged tracking, but the law isn't clear about civilians doing this to one another, so it's not just Big Brother we have to worry about, but Big Neighbor.  There is one alternative that Carol could have taken, very effective. It's called the Wave Bubble. 
Then she posted her design to the web, and if you don't have time to build your own, you can buy one. 
I should have one. Might come in handy if somebody ever puts a tracking device on my car. 
People figured that it would be too complex or too expensive for some hacker to build one. 
We knew it wasn't going to be so hard, and we wanted to be the first to build one so we could get out in front of the problem and help protect against GPS spoofing. 
At first, the spoofer was just a jumble of cables and computers, though we eventually got it packaged into a small box. 
You can scarcely imagine the kind of havoc you could cause if you knew what you were doing with a GPS spoofer. 
Or, if you're Carol, you could lure your ex-boyfriend into some empty parking lot where the police are waiting for him. 
We simply cannot tolerate GPS jammers and spoofers, and yet, given the lack of effective legal means for protecting our privacy from the GPS dot, can you really blame people for wanting to turn them on, for wanting to use them? 
Ever since I was a kid, I've had massive collections of random stuff, everything from bizarre hot sauces from all around the world to insects that I've captured and put in jars. 
You, like the people that are trapped in my work —  — have become part of my work as well.    But, but this seems a bit unfair, right? 
  So, the guy is telling the cat, don't you dare think outside the box. 
Well, I'm afraid I used to be the cat. 
So, we decided that what we like to do is take just a bit of that mammary gland, which is called an "acinus," where there are all these little things inside the breast where the milk goes, and the end of the nipple comes through that little tube when the baby sucks. 
So, we took the red cells -- you see the red cells are surrounded by blue, other cells that squeeze them, and behind it is material that people thought was mainly inert, and it was just having a structure to keep the shape, with the electron microscope years and years ago, and you see this cell is actually quite pretty. 
You take these cells, you put them in a dish, and within three days, they look like that. 
So, Einstein said that "For an idea that does not first seem insane, there is no hope." 
So, you can imagine the amount of skepticism I received -- couldn't get money, couldn't do a whole lot of other things, but I'm so glad it all worked out. 
So, we decided to make things that would look like that. 
All right. And here is this beautiful human cell, and you can imagine that here also, context goes. 
In order to do that, however, we needed to have a method of distinguishing normal from malignant, and on the left is the single normal cell, human breast, put in three-dimensional gooey gel that has extracellular matrix, it makes all these beautiful structures. 
 And in order to show you that the malignant phenotype I didn't just choose one, here are little movies, sort of fuzzy, but you see that on the left are the malignant cells, all of them are malignant, we add one single inhibitor in the beginning, and look what happens, they all look like that. 
We have made a lot of discoveries, we have shown that extracellular matrix talks to chromatin. 
They are the future and I try to make them not be afraid of being the cat and being told, don't think outside the box. 
Now, I'm sure you all keep a copy of the goals under your pillow, or by the bedside table, but just in case you don't, and your memory needs some jogging, the deal agreed then goes like this: developing countries promised to at least halve extreme poverty, hunger and deaths from disease, alongside some other targets, by 2015, and developed nations promised to help them get that done by dropping debts, 
increasing smart aid, and trade reform. 
But there's still a lot of unfinished business. 
But then, a lot of people think there are things that should have been in the original package that weren't agreed back then that should now be included, like sustainable development targets, natural resource governance targets, access to opportunity, to knowledge, equity, fighting corruption. 
And quite frankly, that's a good question, but there's going to be some tough tradeoffs and choices here, so you want to hope that the process by which the world decides these new goals is going to be legitimate, right? 
And Ushahidi, which means "witness" in Swahili, which geocodes and crowdsources information in complex emergencies to help target responses. 
Long-term trends suggest that this century is going to be a tough place to live, with population increases, consumption patterns increasing, and conflict over scarce natural resources. 
But, you know, if people saw the results of this smart aid, I mean, they'd be going crazy for it. 
 So, for example, if I have, like — This is the sound of purple.  For example, this is the sound of grass.  This is red, like TED.  This is the sound of a dirty sock.  Which is like yellow, this one. 
Now I dress in a way that it sounds good.   So today I'm dressed in C major, so it's quite a happy chord.  If I had to go to a funeral, though, I would dress in B minor, which would be turquoise, purple and orange.  Also, food, the way I look at food has changed, because now I can display the food on a plate, so I can eat my favorite song.  
So imagine a restaurant where we can have, like, Lady Gaga salads as starters.  I mean, this would get teenagers to eat their vegetables, probably. 
In each of these major disasters — the tsunami in 2004, 250,000 dead, the Kashmiri earthquake in Pakistan, 2005, 85,000 dead, the Haitian earthquake, about 300,000 dead, more recently the awful earthquake-tsunami combination which struck Japan and its nuclear industry — in all of these instances, we see partnerships between international actors, interagency, private-public working with security forces to respond to this kind of natural disaster. 
This is a photograph of a brave British soldier. 
It's a perfect image for the fundamental point that no one of us is as smart as all of us thinking together. 
So, imagine that all of you are participants in the study. 
Why? Because it makes a lot of sense: In order to solve these puzzles effectively, if you think about it, your mind needs to be in two states simultaneously, right? 
So imagine that there is an imaginary line out here, so everyone here will be group A, everyone out here will be group B. 
Now, for you folks, what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you these two teas, and I'll go ahead and ask you to choose your tea. 
So imagine that you're taking the tea now, we'll wait for you to finish the tea. 
MM: And that linking of the digital content to something that's physical is what we call an aura, and I'll be using that term a little bit as we go through the talk. 
We have people who have, for example, taken the inside of the engine bay of an old car and tagged up different components within an engine, so that if you're stuck and you want to find out more, you can point and discover the information. 
It's completely free to download this application. 
Frugal Digital is essentially a small research group at C.I.D. 
He is an outstanding person, because he's a small entrepreneur. 
"Yes."  I was a bit skeptical, but then, I decided to give him a Nokia instead.  But what I was amazed about is this reverse engineering and know-how that's built into this little two meters of space. 
Even here in Doha I found this little nook where you can get alarm clocks and watches fixed, and it's a lot of tiny little parts. It's not easy. 
It's this entire ecosystem of low-cost parts and supplies that are produced all over the world, literally, and then redistributed to basically service this industry, and you can even buy salvaged parts. 
Basically, you don't have to necessarily buy brand new things. You have condemned computers that are stripped apart, and you can buy salvaged components and things that you can reassemble in a new configuration. 
So we said, "What can we get out of this? 
You know, like, what are the key values that we can get out of this?" 
The main thing is a fix-it-locally culture, which is fantastic because it means that your product or your service doesn't have to go through a huge bureaucratic system to get it fixed. 
It also affords us cheap fabrication, which is fantastic, so it means that you can do a lot more with it. 
It's basically what was the system or the paradigm before the industrial revolution is now re-happening in a whole new way in small digital shops across the planet in most developing countries. 
We went and scavenged the nearby markets, and we tried to understand, "What can we pick up that will make this happen?" 
We went a bought a flashlight with a very big battery, and a bunch of small speakers. 
The flashlight gives us this really intense, bright L.E.D., and six hours worth of rechargeable battery pack, and the lunch box is a nice little package in which you can put everything inside, and a bunch of mini speakers to sort of amplify the sound large enough. 
Luminosity was an issue, when you have too much bright sunlight outside. 
And that'll make such a huge difference on the system, because the amount of waiting time and the amount of distances that people need to travel, often sometimes seven to 15 kilometers, sometimes by foot, to get a simple health check done, is very, very detrimental in the sense that it really dissuades people from getting access to health care. 
 So, very briefly, I'll just explain to you how this is done, because that's the more interesting part. 
So essentially, the three things that are required to make this conversion from this guy to this guy is a cheap remote control for a television that you can almost find in every home today, some parts from a computer mouse, basically, something that you can scavenge for very low cost, and a few parts that have to be pre-programmed. 
So as I go through this talk, I want you to imagine this gigantic machine. We heard those wonderful sounds of what this thing would have sounded like. 
The CPU could do the four fundamental functions of arithmetic -- so addition, multiplication, subtraction, division -- which already is a bit of a feat in metal, but it could also do something that a computer does and a calculator doesn't: this machine could look at its own internal memory and make a decision. 
You're not just going to have that, So, first of all, you had sound. You had a bell, so if anything went wrong —  — or the machine needed the attendant to come to it, there was a bell it could ring.  And there's actually an instruction on the punch card which says "Ring the bell." So you can imagine this "Ting!" 
You know, just stop for a moment, imagine all those noises, this thing, "Click, clack click click click," steam engine, "Ding," right?  You also need a printer, obviously, and everyone needs a printer. 
Now, imagine these soirees, all these great and good comes along. 
This lady is the daughter of the mad, bad and dangerous-to-know Lord Byron, and her mother, being a bit worried that she might have inherited some of Lord Byron's madness and badness, thought, "I know the solution: Mathematics is the solution. 
The Duke of Wellington is there, you know, get out the machine, obviously demonstrates it, and she gets it. She's the only person in his lifetime, really, who said, "I understand what this does, and I understand the future of this machine." 
You could add on a lot of extra memory if you wanted to. 
So this is just three sets of cogs, and it's going to add. This is the adding mechanism in action, so you imagine this gigantic machine. 
If we had no bias, if we had no preconceptions, what kind of forms could we design if we could free ourselves from our experience? 
If we could free ourselves from our education? 
What would these unseen forms look like? 
We're free to choose where we make the fold. 
And because we're doing the folding on the computer, we are completely free of any physical constraints. 
So that means that surfaces can intersect themselves, they can become impossibly small. 
In general, if we make a small change to the folding ratio, which is what you're seeing here, then the form changes correspondingly. 
A very simple form such as this one actually contains a lot of information that may not be visible to the human eye. 
Through a lot of experimentation, these cylinders eventually evolved into this. 
And to go back to the analogy with nature, one can begin to think in terms of populations, one can talk about permutations, about generations, about crossing and breeding to come up with a design. 
There's been a lot of talk now about 3D printing. 
And this is a photo now, it's not a rendering, and the column that we ended up with after a lot of work, ended up looking remarkably like the one that we had designed in the computer. 
If you go into a department store to buy a shirt, are you going to try on every single shirt and want every single shirt? 
I can't tell if she's happy or sad, and I change my mind all the time. 
One day, 16 years after I had this poster on my wall, I lay in bed and looked at her, and I suddenly thought, I wonder what the painter did to her to make her look like that. 
Now I began to think of it as a portrait of a relationship. 
I can do whatever I want, I can come up with whatever story I want to. 
Not the wife, not the kids. Okay, the maid can come in and clean." 
Amongst them a yellow coat with white fur, a yellow and black bodice, and you see these clothes on lots of other paintings, different women in the paintings, Vermeer's paintings. 
So clearly, her clothes were lent to various different women. 
I like this version the best, because some of the boys are older and some are younger, and to me, this one, like Goldilocks's porridge, is just right. 
The light comes in from the left, his face is bathed in this glowing light. It's right in the center of the painting, and you look at it, and I found that when I was looking at it, I was standing there going, "Look at me. Please look at me." 
And that is, to me, the sign of a masterpiece, of a painting when there's a lack of resolution. 
I'm thinking of an older version of himself. 
He's a man, a servant, an older servant looking at this younger servant, saying, "Look at me. I want to warn you about what you're about to go through. Please look at me." 
And that lack of resolution, the lack of resolution in "Girl with a Pearl Earring" -- we don't know if she's happy or sad. 
The second thing that really attracted me were his bright red cheeks. 
And you know what it makes me think of, is it's sort of snug and puffy; it's like a duvet spread over a bed. 
And I thought, if I'm going to make a story, what's the last thing I'm going to put in there? 
The doublet makes me think of a coverlet on the vast bed. 
"What do you think of my doublet?" I asked. 
So we know flowers, we know fruits and vegetables, even some alfalfa in hay that the livestock for the meats that we eat, rely on pollinators, but you've got male and female parts to a plant here, and basically pollinators are attracted to plants for their nectar, and in the process, a bee will visit some flowers and pick up some pollen, or that male kind of sperm counterpart, along the way, 
What's it gonna look like? We have huge grand challenges these days of habitat loss. We have more and more people, billions of people, in 100 years, God knows how many people, and how little space there will be to fit all of them, so we need to change the way that we see cities, and looking at this picture on the left of New York City today, you can see how gray and brown it is. 
A bit counterintuitive, right? 
Again, a bit counterintuitive. 
A lot of linden trees live along the railroad tracks. 
Think of the kids today. Their childhood's a bit different. 
You just mix up some pollen, sugar and water, and whatever active ingredient you want to put in, and you just give it right to the bees. No chemicals involved, just immune boosters. 
Now, this was a mystery in the New York Times where the honey was very red, and the New York State forensics department came in and they actually did some science to match the red dye with that found in a maraschino cherry factory down the street.  So you can tailor your honey to taste however you want by planting bee-friendly flowers. 
What can you do to save the bees or to help them or to think of sustainable cities in the future? 
But at the same time, on the other hand, China is a SICK country, the terminology coined by Facebook IPO papers -- file. 
He said the SICK country means Syria, Iran, China and North Korea. 
So basically, China is a SICK BRIC country. 
It's not only to defend the Chinese regime from overseas, from the universal values, but also to prevent China's own citizens to access the global free Internet, and even separate themselves into blocks, not united. 
But we also use a very simple metaphor, the cat and the mouse game, to describe in the past 15 years the continuing fight between Chinese censorship, government censorship, the cat, and the Chinese Internet users. That means us, the mouse. 
 So, that's the kind of the thing I call smart censorship. 
Sometimes this Chinese national Internet policy is very simple: Block and clone. 
But those two very smart international censorship policies didn't prevent Chinese social media [from] becoming a really public sphere, a pathway of public opinion and the nightmare of Chinese officials. 
So when these 300 million people, microbloggers, even they block the tweet in our censored platform. 
And later this year, the rail minister was sacked and sentenced to jail for 10 years. 
And even some of them were put into black jails. 
So, when some very political, exciting moments happened, you can see on Weibo, you see a lot of very weird stories happened. 
But if you dare to retweet or mention any fake coup about Beijing, you definitely will be arrested. 
Whatever the future is, we should fight against the [cat]. 
There is not only in China, but also in the United States there are some very small, cute but bad cats. 
We Chinese fight for our freedom, you just watch your bad cats. 
Only in this way, in the future, we will achieve the dreams of the mouse: that we can tweet anytime, anywhere, without fear. 
And as an experiment, because I dauntingly create a task for myself of recreating a Saturn V launch for this particular movie, because I put it out there, I felt a little nervous about it, so I need to do an experiment and bring a group of people like this in a projection room and play this stock footage, and when I played this stock footage, I simply wanted to find out 
They had all kinds of things. Shots were combined, and I was just really curious, I mean, what the hell were you looking at just a few minutes ago and how come, how'd you come up with this sort of description? 
 So now I'm in a parking lot. Basically it's a tin can, and I'm basically recreating the launch with fire extinguishers, fire, I have wax that I threw in front of the lens to look like ice, and so basically if you believed any of the stuff that I just showed you, what you were reacting to, what you're emoting to, is something that's a total falsehood, and I found that 
That's me shooting, and I'm a fairly mediocre operator, so I got that nice sense of verisimilitude, of a kind of, you know, following the rocket all the way down, and giving that little sort of edge, I was desperately trying to keep it in frame. So then I come up to the next thing. 
We had a NASA consultant who was actually an astronaut, who was actually on some of the missions, of Apollo 15, and he was there to basically double check my science. 
And so maybe, you know, we were feeling kind of a little good about it, so I brought him in here, and he needed to really check and see what we were doing, and basically give us our A plus report card, and so I showed him some shots we were working on, and waiting for the reaction that you hope for, which is what I got.   So I showed him these two shots, 
You would never have a rocket go up while the gantry arms are going out. Can you imagine the tragedy that could possibly happen with that? 
So I'm going to just let it run, so you kind of absorb this sort of thing, and I'll describe my sort of reactions when I was looking at it for the very first time. 
So I conjured up an effect that I'm later going to show you what I tried to do, which is kind of the heart of the movie, for me, and so that's why I wanted to do the movie, that's why I wanted to create the sort of things I created. 
So, when you saw my footage, you were seeing this: basically, a bunch of guys flipping a ship upside down, and the little Mir subs are actually about the size of small footballs, and shot in smoke. 
It's about how our brain is tricked into seeing a persistence of vision that creates a motion picture, and one of the things I had to do is, we — Sasha Baron Cohen is a very clever, very smart guy, comedian, wanted to basically do an homage to the kind of the Buster Keaton sort of slapstick things, and he wanted his leg brace to get caught on a moving train. 
as we go through the presentation. 
I had to practice it as a kid, and I'm really sick of it. So --  I would, so what I might like to try to do is to change it, to transform it in some ways, to personalize it, so I might take the opening, like this idea --  and then I might substitute --  and then I might improvise on that melody that goes forward from there --  
So this is an engaging enterprise for me, and I've really leaned into that first person pronoun thing there, and now my face appears twice, so I think we can agree that this is a fundamentally solipsistic enterprise.  But it's an engaging one, and it's interesting to me for a while, but then I get bored with it, and by it, I actually mean, the piano, because it becomes, it's this familiar instrument, it's timbral range is actually 
It gets a little bit boring, and so pretty soon I go through other instruments, they become familiar, and eventually I find myself designing and constructing my own instrument, and I brought one with me today, and I thought I would play a little bit on it for you so you can hear what it sounds like. 
I get to write, sometimes for soloists and I get to work with one person, sometimes full orchestras, and I work with a lot of people, and this is probably the capacity, the role creatively for which I'm probably best known professionally. 
Now, some of my scores as a composer look like this, and others look like this, and some look like this, and I make all of these by hand, and it's really tedious. 
I have a lot of it, and that's a good thing I suppose.  So this gets really boring and really tiresome for me, so after a while the process of notating is not only boring, but I actually want the notation to be more interesting, and so that's pushed me to do other projects like this one. 
You're going to notice a lot of conventional instruments in this clip.   This, in fact, is not the title of this piece. 
I was a bit mischievous. In fact, to make it more interesting, I put a space right in here, and this is the actual title of the piece. 
I recorded an awesome singer, and I took the sound of his voice in my computer, and I warped it in countless ways to come up with the soundtrack that you're about to hear. 
I think the technicities of creativity can be taught and shared, and I think you can find out things about your own personal physical signature, your own cognitive habits, and use that as a point of departure to misbehave beautifully. 
They absolutely encouraged me to take risks, to go, to try, to try. I had an opportunity, an access to a local dance studio, and I had an enlightened teacher who allowed me to make up my own and invent my own dances, so what she did was let me make up my own ballroom and Latin American dances to teach to my peers. 
So this is not the type of choreography where I already have in mind what I'm going to make, where I've fixed the routine in my head and I'm just going to teach it to them, and these so-called empty vessels are just going to learn it. 
And I'm going to imagine this, you can do this too if you like, that I'm going to just take the letter "T" and I'm going to imagine it in mind, and I'm going to place that outside in the real world. So I absolutely see a letter "T" in front of me. 
It has a kind of a grammar. I know what I'm going to do with it, and I can start to describe it, so I can describe it very simply. I can describe it in my arms, right? 
I can describe it, whoa, in my head, you know? Whoa. 
And we'll see what we come up with. 
It's a bit of a cross of my arm. 
They start with small little units and build it up. 
That's going to be my beginning in this world premiere. 
Grab her waist, come up back into her first, whoom, spin, turn her, whoo-aa.  Great. 
Okay, let's have a little go from the beginning of that. 
What I'd like you to do is transplant that outside into the real world, so just imagine that word "TED" in the real world. 
Three versions of physical thinking. I'm hoping that today, what you're going to do is go away and make a dance for yourself, and if not that, at least misbehave more beautifully, more often. 
The realities of my community are simple. They look like this. 
And as jobs continue to leave my community, and energy continues to come in, be exported in, it's no wonder that really some people refer to the South Bronx as a desert. 
All of my kids are either IEP or ELL learners, most come with a lot of handicaps, most are homeless and many are in foster care. 
And then you notice that those seeds become farms across the Bronx that look like this. 
So I wanted to figure out how I could get this kind of success into something small, like this, and bring it into my classroom so that handicapped kids could do it, kids who didn't want to be outside could do it, and everyone could have access. 
But closer to home, we started installing these walls in schools that look like this with lighting like that, real LED stuff, 21st-century technology. 
And we started putting in roofs that look like this, and we came in from destitute neighborhoods to start building landscape like this, wow! People noticed. 
It teaches kids to re-vision their communities, so when they grow up in places like this, they can imagine it like this. 
And my kids, trained and certified -- Ma, you get the tax abatement. Thank you, Mayor Bloomberg -- can take communities that look like this and convert them into things that look like that, and that to me, people, is another true "sí se puede" moment. 
Now I don't expect every kid to be a farmer, but I expect you to read about it, write about it, blog about it, offer outstanding customer service. 
I expect them to be engaged, and man, are they! 
Happy kids, happy families, happy colleagues. 
Keep kids out of stores that look like this. 
It's not. I come from a place where kids can buy 35 flavors of blunt wrap at any day of the moment, where ice cream freezers are filled with slushy malt liquor. 
Join me. Use -- I've got a lot of energy. Help me use it. 
And along the way, please take time to smell the flowers, especially if you and your students grew them. 
Like many of you, I'm one of the lucky people. 
Whether it's Akash, who comes from a small town in India and would never have access in this case to a Stanford-quality course and would never be able to afford it. 
I'm really glad to say -- recently, we've been in correspondence with Ryan -- that this story had a happy ending. 
So we had to come up with a different solution. 
It was tried only in small classes, but there it showed, for example, that these student-assigned grades on the y-axis are actually very well correlated with the teacher-assigned grade on the x-axis. 
Students also self-assembled, without any kind of intervention from us, into small study groups. 
Mastery is easy to achieve using a computer, because a computer doesn't get tired of showing you the same video five times. 
And it doesn't even get tired of grading the same work multiple times, we've seen that in many of the examples that I've shown you. 
And if we could offer that person an education, they would be able to come up with the next big idea and make the world a better place for all of us. 
Most disease is correlated with poverty, but in the case of childhood cancers, the children who were dying seemed mostly to come from affluent families. 
So, what, she wanted to know, could explain this anomaly? 
In the end, she got just 1,000 pounds from the Lady Tata Memorial prize. 
Now, she had no idea what to look for. 
This really was a needle in a haystack sort of search, so she asked everything she could think of. 
People got very excited, there was talk of the Nobel Prize, and Alice really was in a big hurry to try to study all the cases of childhood cancer she could find before they disappeared. 
So for 25 years Alice Stewart had a very big fight on her hands. 
I wonder how many of us have, or dare to have, such collaborators. 
That requires a lot of patience and a lot of energy. 
And they can't because the people inside of them are too afraid of conflict. 
Eighty-five percent is a really big number. 
If we aren't going to be afraid of conflict, we have to see it as thinking, and then we have to get really good at it. 
He thought that it was too complicated and he thought that its complexity created margins of error that could really hurt people. 
He was afraid of doing damage to the patients he was trying to help. 
In the end, Joe and I found a way for him to raise his concerns. 
And yes, there was a lot of conflict and debate and argument, but that allowed everyone around the table to be creative, to solve the problem, and to change the device. 
Joe was what a lot of people might think of as a whistle-blower, except that like almost all whistle-blowers, he wasn't a crank at all, he was passionately devoted to the organization and the higher purposes that that organization served. 
But he had been so afraid of conflict, until finally he became more afraid of the silence. 
And his colleagues don't think of him as a crank. 
But the truth won't set us free until we develop the skills and the habit and the talent and the moral courage to use it. 
He's been christened the voice of a generation, and he's churning out classic songs at a seemingly impossible rate, but there's a small minority of dissenters, and they claim that Bob Dylan is stealing other people's songs. 
Jean Ritchie: ♫ In Nottamun Town, not a soul would look out, ♫ ♫ not a soul would look up, not a soul would look down. ♫ Bob Dylan: ♫ Come you masters of war, ♫ ♫ you that build the big guns, you that build the death planes, ♫ ♫ You that build all the bombs. ♫ Kirby Ferguson: Okay, so that's the same basic melody and overall structure. This next one is "The Patriot Game," 
Last one, this is "Who's Going To Buy You Ribbons," another traditional folk tune. 
Paul Clayton: ♫ It ain't no use to sit and sigh now, ♫ ♫ darlin', and it ain't no use to sit and cry now. ♫ BD: ♫ It ain’t no use to sit and wonder why, babe, ♫ ♫ if you don't know by now, ♫ ♫ and it ain't no use to sit and wonder why, babe, ♫ ♫ it'll never do somehow. ♫ KF: Okay, now, there's a lot of these. 
It's the small parts of it that are, and it's in these small details where we can clearly see patent law contradicting its intent: to promote the progress of useful arts. 
What if they had patented pop-up menus, scrollbars, the desktop with icons that look like folders and sheets of paper? 
 "I'm willing to go thermonuclear war on this."  Okay, so in other words, great artists steal, but not from me. 
 Now, behavioral economists might refer to this sort of thing as loss aversion We have a strong predisposition towards protecting what we feel is ours. 
It's a liberation from our misconceptions, and it's an incentive to not expect so much from ourselves and to simply begin. 
Now, as an artist, a woman, an Arab, or a human being living in the world in 2010, I only had one thing to say: I wanted to say no. 
Now, the book sat on a small shelf next to the installation, which stood three by seven meters, in Munich, Germany, in September of 2010. 
Nine months later I found myself spraying messages in Tahrir Square. The reason for this act was this image that I saw in my newsfeed. 
Enough of all that.  And we said to that public meeting in Todmorden, look, let's imagine that our town is focused around three plates: a community plate, the way we live our everyday lives; a learning plate, what we teach our kids in school and what new skills we share amongst ourselves; and business, what we do with the pound in our pocket and which businesses we choose to support. 
Now, let's imagine those plates agitated with community actions around food. 
We've not asked anybody's permission to do this, we're just doing it.  And we are certainly not waiting for that check to drop through the letterbox before we start, and most importantly of all, we are not daunted by the sophisticated arguments that say, "These small actions are meaningless in the face of tomorrow's problems," because I have seen the power of small actions, and it is awesome. 
It's about taking those artistic people in your community and doing some fabulous designs in those raised beds to explain to people what's growing there, because there's so many people that don't really recognize a vegetable unless it's in a bit of plastic with a bit of an instruction packet on the top.  So we have some people who designed these things, "If it looks like this, please don't pick it, but if it looks like this, 
And this is a route of exhibition gardens, and edible towpaths, and bee-friendly sites, and the story of pollinators, and it's a route that we designed that takes people through the whole of our town, past our cafes and our small shops, through our market, not just to and fro from the supermarket, and we're hoping that, in changing people's footfall around our town, we're also changing their behavior. 
So they're doing that, and we're going to launch it later this year, and it's all an experiment, and it's all voluntary. 
Anybody that's selling their excess eggs at the garden gate, perfectly legally, to their neighbors, we've stuck on there. We started with four, and we've now got 64 on, and the result of that was that people were then going into shops asking for a local Todmorden egg, and the result of that was, some farmers upped the amount of flocks they got of free range birds, and then they went on to meat birds, 
and although these are really, really small steps, that increasing local economic confidence is starting to play out in a number of ways, and we now have farmers doing cheese and they've upped their flocks and rare breed pigs, they're doing pasties and pies and things that they would have never done before. 
It's been really quite a roller coaster experience, but going back to that first question that we asked, is it replicable? Yeah. It most certainly is replicable. 
And none of this takes more money and none of this demands a bureaucracy, but it does demand that you think things differently and you are prepared to bend budgets and work programs in order to create that supportive framework that communities can bounce off. 
I mean, just to list a few. One, please stop putting prickly plants around public buildings. It's a waste of space. 
 Secondly, please create -- please, please create edible landscapes so that our children start to walk past their food day in, day out, on our high streets, in our parks, wherever that might be. 
If we want to inspire the farmers of tomorrow, then please let us say to every school, create a sense of purpose around the importance to the environment, local food and soils. 
This question: "How do I deal with a bully without becoming a thug in return?" 
I remember I was about 13, glued to a grainy black and white television in my parents' living room as Soviet tanks rolled into Budapest, and kids not much older than me were throwing themselves at the tanks and getting mown down. 
Nelson Mandela went to jail believing in violence, and 27 years later he and his colleagues had slowly and carefully to turn one of the most vicious governments the world has known into a democracy. 
And she walked forward with such calm and such clarity and such total lack of fear that she could walk right up to the first gun, put her hand on it and lower it. 
So that's what the mastery of fear can do -- not only faced with machine guns, but if you meet a knife fight in the street. 
So we all know the three o'clock in the morning syndrome, when something you've been worrying about wakes you up -- I see a lot of people -- and for an hour you toss and turn, it gets worse and worse, and by four o'clock you're pinned to the pillow by a monster this big. 
And I learned this in my work with nuclear weapon policy-makers. 
Because at the beginning I was so outraged at the dangers they were exposing us to that I just wanted to argue and blame and make them wrong. 
In order to develop a dialogue for change we have to deal with our anger. 
It's okay to be angry with the thing -- the nuclear weapons in this case -- but it is hopeless to be angry with the people. 
And I think that the U.S. military is finally beginning to get this. 
And I think there are signs that it is beginning to change. 
A lot of it is due to a book written by an 80-year-old man in Boston, Gene Sharp. 
And it's being used by young people and older people everywhere, because it works and it's effective. 
We're getting practical, doable methodologies to answer my question: How do we deal with a bully without becoming a thug? 
He beat someone up or something, and he decided to fake madness to get out of a prison sentence. 
He said, "I thought the best way to seem normal would be to talk to people normally about normal things like football or what's on TV. 
And he said, "Yep. We accept that Tony faked madness to get out of a prison sentence, because his hallucinations -- that had seemed quite cliche to begin with -- just vanished the minute he got to Broadmoor. 
Classic psychopath -- it speaks to grandiosity and also lack of empathy. 
 Hare said the reason why is because capitalism at its most ruthless rewards psychopathic behavior -- the lack of empathy, the glibness, cunning, manipulative. 
I said, "Could I come and interview you in prison, to find out it you're psychopaths?" 
Can I go through them with you?" 
He said, "You know what? One of the items on the checklist is lack of remorse, but another item on the checklist is cunning, manipulative. 
Everyone's a bit psychopathic." 
And Tony said to me, "Jon, could I buy you a drink in a bar? 
MO: Lying on the ground after another 17-hour day, Caitria and I would empty our pockets and try to place dozens of scraps of paper into context -- all bits of information that had to be remembered and matched in order to help someone. 
This leaves local residents to deal with the thousands of spontaneous volunteers, thousands of donations, and all with no training and no tools. 
Now try to imagine the sinking feeling you get when you've just sent out 2,000 volunteers and you can't prove it. 
Emergency preparedness is a big deal in disaster recovery because it makes towns safer and more resilient. 
You can guess what happened next, right?  The outrage was so swift, so voluminous, so unanimous, that the Council of Argyll and Bute reversed themselves the same day and said, "We would, we would never censor a nine-year-old."  Except, of course, this morning.  And this brings up the question, what made them think they could get away with something like that?  And the answer is, all of human history prior to now. 
 So, what happens when a medium suddenly puts a lot of new ideas into circulation? 
When the telegraph came along, it was clear that it was going to globalize the news industry. 
What would this lead to? 
Well, obviously, it would lead to world peace. 
The television, a medium that allowed us not just to hear but see, literally see, what was going on elsewhere in the world, what would this lead to? 
Instead, what we got was Martin Luther's 95 Theses, the Protestant Reformation, and, you know, the Thirty Years' War. All right, so what all of these predictions of world peace got right is that when a lot of new ideas suddenly come into circulation, it changes society. 
This is the cover of "Philosophical Transactions," the first scientific journal ever published in English in the middle of the 1600s, and it was created by a group of people who had been calling themselves "The Invisible College," a group of natural philosophers who only later would call themselves scientists, and they wanted to improve the way natural philosophers argued with each other, and they needed to do two things for this. 
All right. They look like org charts. 
And then, 15 years after looking at Linux and figuring out how the community worked, he said, "I think I know how to write a version control system for free people." 
And when people draw diagrams of Git workflow, they use drawings that look like this. 
It's an open-source programming language, and all of the interconnections between the people -- this is now not a software graph, but a people graph, all of the interconnections among the people working on that project — and this doesn't look like an org chart. 
It did not take long after the rise of the commercial printing press before someone figured out that erotic novels were a good idea.  You don't have to have an economic incentive to sell books very long before someone says, "Hey, you know what I bet people would pay for?"  It took people another 150 years to even think of the scientific journal, right? So --   So the harnessing by the Invisible College 
of the printing press to create the scientific journal was phenomenally important, but it didn't happen big, and it didn't happen quick, and it didn't happen fast, so if you're going to look for where the change is happening, you have to look on the margins. 
Somebody put up a tool during the copyright debate last year in the Senate, saying, "It's strange that Hollywood has more access to Canadian legislators than Canadian citizens do. Why don't we use GitHub to show them what a citizen-developed bill might look like?" 
Part of the problem, of course, is just a lack of information. 
I'm afraid I'm one of those speakers you hope you're not going to meet at TED. 
And this is a rainy election day in a small country -- that can be my country, but could be also your country. 
For the last 30 years, political scientists have observed that there is a constant decline in electoral turnout, and the people who are least interested to vote are the people whom you expect are going to gain most out of voting. 
And you have the market revolution of the 1980s and the huge increase of inequality in societies. 
The spread of democracy now is very much accompanied by the increase in inequality. 
And if you go to 1989 -- something that basically you don't expect that anybody's going to criticize -- but many are going to tell you, "Listen, it was the end of the Cold War that tore the social contract between the elites and the people in Western Europe." 
Because probably some of the things that we love most are going to be also the things that can hurt us most. 
These days it's very popular to believe that this push for transparency, this kind of a combination between active citizens, new technologies and much more transparency-friendly legislation can restore trust in politics. 
But I do believe that we should be also very clear that now when we put the transparency at the center of politics where the message is, "It's transparency, stupid." 
But is this the idea of a free society? 
Are you not afraid with all these technologies that are going to track down any statement the politicians are going to make on certain issues, are you not afraid that this is going to be a very strong signal to politicians to repeat their positions, even the very wrong positions, because consistency is going to be more important than common sense? 
In a small country that could be my country, but could be also your country, they took a decision -- it is a real case story -- that all of the governmental decisions, discussions of the council of ministers, were going to be published on the Internet 24 hours after the council discussions took place. 
You see it and you go, "Oh, my God. I'd buy that in a second!" 
So this is the NeoNurture infant incubator, and this has a lot of smarts built into it, and we felt great. 
Here's the bad news: the only baby ever actually put inside the NeoNurture incubator was this kid during a Time magazine photo shoot. 
We want design to get out for people to see it. 
So when we were designing NeoNurture, we paid a lot of attention to the people who are going to use this thing, for example, poor families, rural doctors, overloaded nurses, even repair technicians. 
Michael Free at PATH says you have to figure out who will "choose, use and pay the dues" for a product like this. 
It turns out he doesn't buy any of his equipment. 
Here's a neonatal intensive care unit, where moms come in to visit their babies. 
Turns out they all know what a medical device is supposed to look like. 
 So with Firefly, what we did is -- the problem is electronics get hot, and you have to put in vents or fans to keep them cool -- in most products. 
These are the kinds of lessons -- as awkward as it was to be a pretty goofy teenager, much worse to be a frustrated designer. 
I'm going to tell you about why I became a sculptor, and you may think that sculptors, well, they deal with meta, they deal with objects, they deal with bodies, but I think, really, what I care about most is making space, and that's what I've called this talk: Making Space. 
But I had to go upstairs, this tiny little room that was actually made out of an old balcony, so it was incredibly hot, small and light, and I had to lie there. It was ridiculous. 
I think of this as the place of imagination, of potential, but what are its qualities? 
That's the space that I think sculpture -- which is a bit of a paradox, sculpture that is about making material propositions -- but I think that's the space that sculpture can connect us with. 
So, imagine we're in the middle of America. 
This was a wonderful place, because it was a place where you could imagine that you were the first person to be there. 
It's a bit of, well, we could call it night, we could call it the 96 percent of gravity that we don't know about, dark matter, placed in space, anyway, another version of a human space in space at large, but I don't know if you can see, the eyes are indicated, they're closed. 
No longer about statues, no longer having to take that duty of standing, the standing of a human body, or the standing of a statue, release it, allow it to be an energy field, a space in space that talks about human life, between becoming an entropy as a sort of concentration of attention, a human place of possibility in space at large. 
And is art about trying to imagine what lies beyond the horizon? 
Can we use, in a way, a body as an empty catalyst for a kind of empathy with the experience of space-time as it is lived, as I am standing here in front of you trying to feel and make a connection in this space-time that we are sharing, can we use, at it were, the memory of a body, of a human space in space to catalyze an experience, again, firsthand experience, 
I think of it as a 21st-century Buddha. 
Taking that idiom of, as it were, the darkness of the body transferred to architecture, can you use architectural space not for living but as a metaphor, and use its systolic, diastolic smaller and larger spaces to provide a kind of firsthand somatic narrative for a journey through space, light and darkness? 
Here is a box filled at one and a half atmospheres of atmospheric pressure, with a cloud and with very bright light. 
Festivals promote diversity, they bring neighbors into dialogue, they increase creativity, they offer opportunities for civic pride, they improve our general psychological well-being. 
Now, this is a conversation that often calls up a lot of guilt. 
We, the beneficiaries of globalization, seem to exploit these victims with every purchase we make, and the injustice feels embedded in the products themselves. 
After all, what's wrong with a world in which a worker on an iPhone assembly line can't even afford to buy one? 
It's taken for granted that Chinese factories are oppressive, and that it's our desire for cheap goods that makes them so. 
So, this simple narrative equating Western demand and Chinese suffering is appealing, especially at a time when many of us already feel guilty about our impact on the world, but it's also inaccurate and disrespectful. 
We must be peculiarly self-obsessed to imagine that we have the power to drive tens of millions of people on the other side of the world to migrate and suffer in such terrible ways. 
In fact, China makes goods for markets all over the world, including its own, thanks to a combination of factors: its low costs, its large and educated workforce, and a flexible manufacturing system that responds quickly to market demands. 
Wu Chunming: "Even if I make a lot of money, it won't satisfy me. 
Only much later did I realize that she had been saying "QC," or quality control. 
Many articles calculate: How long would it take for this worker to work in order to earn enough money to buy what he's making? 
For example, I recently wrote an article in The New Yorker magazine, but I can't afford to buy an ad in it. 
How much will it take to buy an apartment or a car, to get married, or to put my child through school? 
She paused and said, "I don't know if that's 6,000 yuan or 6,000 American dollars, but anyway, it's 6,000."  Min's sister's boyfriend, who had traveled home with her for the new year, said, "It doesn't look like it's worth that much." 
They weren't exactly worthless, but they were nothing close to the actual value, because almost no one they knew wanted to buy one, or knew how much it was worth. 
And yet, his view of the world persists, and our tendency to see the workers as faceless masses, to imagine that we can know what they're really thinking. 
Together, they make up the largest migration in history, and it is globalization, this chain that begins in a Chinese farming village and ends with iPhones in our pockets and Nikes on our feet and Coach handbags on our arms that has changed the way these millions of people work and marry and live and think. 
Thank you.   Chris Anderson: Thank you, Leslie, that was an insight that a lot of us haven't had before. 
CA: Was there a sense from them of a narrative that things were kind of tough and bad, or was there a narrative of some kind of level of growth, that things over time were getting better? 
CA: Thanks so much for your talk. 
And I thought she'd say, "Oh, you know, up the lagoon somewhere, or maybe across Africa," but you'll be happy to know she said it came from here, it comes from the North Sea. 
Well, they come from here. This is in Guangzhou, China, and if you go upstairs in this rather sleepy looking electronics mall, you find the Guangzhou Dashatou second-hand trade center, and if you go in there, you follow the guys with the muscles who are carrying the boxes, and where are they going? 
S. Guuuci, and --   All around the world this is how products are being distributed, so, for instance, in one street market on Rua 25 de Março in São Paulo, Brazil, you can buy fake designer glasses. 
You can buy cloned cologne. 
You can buy pirated DVDs, of course. 
You can buy New York Yankees caps in all sorts of unauthorized patterns. 
You can buy cuecas baratas, designer underwear that isn't really manufactured by a designer, and even pirated evangelical mixtapes.  Now, businesses tend to complain about this, and their, they, I don't want to take away from their entire validity of complaining about it, but I did ask a major sneaker manufacturer earlier this year what they thought about piracy, and they told me, "Well, you can't quote me on this, 
At first, the results were predictable. 
We've been paying a lot of attention to Marvin Minsky's vision for artificial intelligence over the last 50 years. 
His vision was to enable man and machine to cooperate in making decisions, controlling complex situations without the inflexible dependence on predetermined programs. 
A protease that had eluded determination for over 10 years was solved was by three players in a matter of days, perhaps the first major scientific advance to come from playing a video game. 
When first reported by the media, full credit for such a feat was given to an algorithm from the New York City design firm Local Projects. The truth is a bit more nuanced. 
So in this case, a computer had evaluated millions of possible layouts, managed a complex relational system, and kept track of a very large set of measurements and variables, allowing the humans to focus on design and compositional choices. 
One seemingly small aspect of the overall relief effort became increasingly important as the delivery of food and water started rolling. 
The data was incredibly disparate. The U.S. Army had detailed knowledge for only a small section of the country. 
By implementing a superior process, what was otherwise a task for 40 people over three months became a simple job for three people in 40 hours, all victories for human-computer symbiosis. 
I want you to imagine this for a moment. 
What might explain the difference in the experience of these two nearly identical men? 
It might surprise some of you here, as it did me, when I discovered that suicide is at the top of the list of the leading causes of death in young people in all countries in the world, including the poorest countries of the world. 
Now some of you here look a bit astonished by that number, but consider for a moment the incredible diversity of mental illnesses, from autism and intellectual disability in childhood, through to depression and anxiety, substance misuse and psychosis in adulthood, all the way through to dementia in old age, and I'm pretty sure that each and every one us present here today can think of at least one person, at least one person, who's affected by mental illness 
To give you a perspective, if I had to translate the proportion of psychiatrists in the population that one might see in Britain to India, one might expect roughly 150,000 psychiatrists in India. 
And it struck me that if you could train ordinary people to deliver such complex health care interventions, then perhaps they could also do the same with mental health care. 
We need to unpack complex health care interventions into smaller components that can be more easily transferred to less-trained individuals. 
Now for me, task shifting is an idea with truly global significance, because even though it has arisen out of the situation of the lack of resources that you find in developing countries, I think it has a lot of significance for better-resourced countries as well. Why is that? 
And in closing, when you have a moment of peace or quiet in these very busy few days or perhaps afterwards, spare a thought for that person you thought about who has a mental illness, or persons that you thought about who have mental illness, and dare to care for them. Thank you.   
Well, when I got to the White House in the beginning of 2009, at the start of the Obama Administration, the White House was anything but open. 
Now one of the things that we know is that companies are very good at getting people to work together in teams and in networks to make very complex products, like cars and computers, and the more complex the products are a society creates, the more successful the society is over time. 
We wanted to ask members of the public to help us come up with a policy, not after the fact, commenting on a rule after it's written, the way is typically the case, but in advance. There was no legal precedent, no cultural precedent, no technical way of doing this. 
Then in the 19th century, we layer on the concept of bureaucracy and the administrative state to help us govern complex and large societies. 
Now, it's very easy to complain, of course, about partisan politics and entrenched bureaucracy, and we love to complain about government. It's a perennial pastime, especially around election time, but the world is complex. We soon will have 10 billion people, many of whom will lack basic resources. 
We might even call them citizens, because they've recently risen up to fight against legislative incursion, and the citizens of these networks work together to serve each other in great ways. 
Friending someone on Facebook is not complex enough to do the hard work of you and I collaborating with each other and doing the hard work of governance. 
Today we have the opportunity, and we have the imperative, to create thousands of new ways of interconnecting between networks and institutions, thousands of new kinds of juries: the citizen jury, the Carrotmob, the hackathon, we are just beginning to invent the models by which we can cocreate the process of governance. 
And I want to be clear to mention that this open government revolution is not about privatizing government, because in many cases what it can do when we have the will to do so is to deliver more progressive and better policy than the regulations and the legislative and litigation-oriented strategies by which we make policy today. 
Now, you can carry a gun into a church in Dallas, but do not make a flower arrangement without a license, because that will land you in jail. 
So a lot of these innovations are local. 
We piloted the work in the U.S. and the U.K. and Japan and Australia, and now I'm pleased to report that the United States Patent Office will be rolling out universal, complete, and total openness, so that all patent applications will now be open for citizen participation, beginning this year. 
So let me close by saying that I think the important thing for us to do is to talk about and demand this revolution. 
We don't have words, really, to describe it yet. 
Life was very small for most people. 
You had dirty factories that were moved to the outskirts of cities. 
That's a lot of the reason why cities are growing very quickly. 
The home, once again, because of distributed computation -- Communication is becoming a center of life, so it's a center of production and learning and shopping and health care and all of these things that we used to think of as taking place outside of the home. 
So with cities, you also have congestion and pollution and disease and all these negative things. 
We think of it as a compact urban cell. 
Stewart Brand would put a micronuclear reactor right in the center, probably. 
Go up to 50,000 if it's Manhattan density. 
Mobility on demand is something we've been thinking about, so we think we need an ecosystem of these shared-use vehicles connected to mass transit. 
So what's interesting is, then if you begin to add new things to it, like autonomy, you get out of the car, you park at your destination, you pat it on the butt, it goes and it parks itself, it charges itself, and you can get something like seven times as many vehicles in a given area as conventional cars, and we think this is the future. 
You have to pedal to operate it in a bike lane, but if you're an older person, that's a switch. 
Mayor Menino in Boston says lack of affordable housing for young people is one of the biggest problems the city faces. 
Let's bring advanced technology into the apartment, technology-enabled infill, give people the tools within this open-loft chassis to go through a process of defining what their needs and values and activities are, and then a matching algorithm will match a unique assembly of integrated infill components, furniture, and cabinetry, that are personalized to that individual, and they give them the tools to go through the process and to refine it, and it's something like working with an architect, 
You have a conventional one-bedroom arrangement when you need it. 
We think we can make a very small apartment that functions as if it's twice as big by utilizing these strategies. 
I don't believe in smart homes. That's sort of a bogus concept. 
I think you have to build dumb homes and put smart stuff in it. 
OK, so if we have a conventional building, we have a fixed envelope, maybe we can put in 14 units. 
I've spent a lot of time in Finland at the design factory of Aalto University, where the they have a shared shop and shared fab lab, shared quiet spaces, electronics spaces, recreation places. 
But in the end, the main thing we need to focus on are people. 
The murder happened a little over 21 years ago, January the 18th, 1991, in a small of Lynwood, California, just a few miles southeast of Los Angeles. 
First of all, we have all the statistical analyses from the Innocence Project work, where we know that we have, what, 250, 280 documented cases now where people have been wrongfully convicted and subsequently exonerated, some from death row, on the basis of later DNA analysis, and you know that over three quarters of all of those cases of exoneration involved only eyewitness identification testimony during the trial that convicted them. 
And here I became a bit audacious, and I turned and I asked the judge, I said, "Your Honor, I think you should go out and look at the scene yourself." 
Now I may have used a tone which was more like a dare than a request —  — but nonetheless, it's to this man's credit and his courage that he said, "Yes, I will." 
I said, "Your honor," and I don't know whether I was emboldened by the scientific measurements that I had in my pocket and my knowledge that they are accurate, or whether it was just sheer stupidity, which is what the defense lawyers thought —  — when they heard me say, "Yes, Your Honor, I want you stand right there and I want the car to go around the block again 
The opposing council always fight it and oppose it. 
Some years ago, I set out to try to understand if there was a possibility to develop biofuels on a scale that would actually compete with fossil fuels but not compete with agriculture for water, fertilizer or land. 
So what are microalgae? Microalgae are micro -- that is, they're extremely small, as you can see here a picture of those single-celled organisms compared to a human hair. 
Those small organisms have been around for millions of years and there's thousands of different species of microalgae in the world, some of which are the fastest-growing plants on the planet, and produce, as I just showed you, lots and lots of oil. 
Some cities just release the water. 
So let's envision what the system might look like. 
It was a place where we were growing algae and welding plastic and building tools and making a lot of mistakes, or, as Edison said, we were finding the 10,000 ways that the system wouldn't work. 
But this is a bit like putting your head in a plastic bag. 
We did engineering to understand what we would need to be able to do to build this structure, not only on the small scale, but how we would build it on this enormous scale that will ultimately be required. 
Do you get more energy out of the system than you have to put into the system to be able to make the system run? 
But we don't have a lot of time, and I'd like to show you the artist's conception of how this system might look if we find ourselves in a protected bay somewhere in the world, and we have in the background in this image, the waste water treatment plant and a source of flue gas for the CO2, but when you do the economics of this system, you find that in fact it will be difficult to make it work. 
Well, I don't know if you know about this, but in California, there's a huge amount of plastic that's used in fields right now as plastic mulch, and this is plastic that's making these tiny little greenhouses right along the surface of the soil, and this provides warming the soil to increase the growing season, it allows us to control weeds, and, of course, it makes the watering much more efficient. 
Where are we going to put this, and what will it look like offshore? 
San Francisco produces 65 million gallons a day of waste water. If we imagine a five-day retention time for this system, we'd need 325 million gallons to accomodate, and that would be about 1,280 acres of these OMEGA modules floating in San Francisco Bay. 
I set out to find a pathway to innovative production of sustainable biofuels, and en route I discovered that what's really required for sustainability is integration more than innovation. 
Jonathan Trent: So it's really gotten to a stage now in NASA where they would like to spin it out into something which would go offshore, and there are a lot of issues with doing it in the United States because of limited permitting issues and the time required to get permits to do things offshore. 
And so, in 2005, we started the New York Stem Cell Foundation Laboratory so that we would have a small organization that could do this work and support it. 
In 1998, human embryonic stem cells were first identified, and just nine years later, a group of scientists in Japan were able to take skin cells and reprogram them with very powerful viruses to create a kind of pluripotent stem cell called an induced pluripotent stem cell, or what we refer to as an IPS cell. 
This was really an extraordinary advance, because although these cells are not human embryonic stem cells, which still remain the gold standard, they are terrific to use for modeling disease and potentially for drug discovery. 
So basically what he did was to take a healthy cell and turn it into a sick cell, and he recapitulated the disease over and over again in the dish, and this was extraordinary, because it was the first time that we had a model of a disease from a living patient in living human cells. 
And as he watched the disease unfold, he was able to discover that actually the motor neurons were dying in the disease in a different way than the field had previously thought. There was another kind of cell that actually was sending out a toxin and contributing to the death of these motor neurons, and you simply couldn't see it until you had the human model. 
So you could really say that researchers trying to understand the cause of disease without being able to have human stem cell models were much like investigators trying to figure out what had gone terribly wrong in a plane crash without having a black box, or a flight recorder. 
But it is really a worse social model because of what's involved and the cost to all of us. 
So the way we develop drugs now is by testing promising compounds on -- We didn't have disease modeling with human cells, so we'd been testing them on cells of mice or other creatures or cells that we engineer, but they don't have the characteristics of the diseases that we're actually trying to cure. 
the very early stages of doing your assay development and your testing, you're not going to have to wait 13 years until you've brought a drug to market, only to find out that actually it doesn't work, or even worse, harms people. 
But it isn't really enough just to look at the cells from a few people or a small group of people, because we have to step back. 
Look around this room. We are all different, and a disease that I might have, if I had Alzheimer's disease or Parkinson's disease, it probably would affect me differently than if one of you had that disease, and if we both had Parkinson's disease, and we took the same medication, but we had different genetic makeup, we probably would have a different result, and it could well be that a drug that worked wonderfully 
But imagine a different scenario, where we could have had an array, a genetically diverse array, of cardiac cells, and we could have actually tested that drug, Vioxx, in petri dishes, and figured out, well, okay, people with this genetic type are going to have cardiac side effects, people with these genetic subgroups or genetic shoes sizes, about 25,000 of them, are not going to have any problems. 
The people for whom it was a disaster, or fatal, would never have been given it, and you can imagine a very different outcome for the company, who had to withdraw the drug. 
This is not scalable, and also when you do things by hand, even in the best laboratories, you have variations in techniques, and you need to know, if you're making a drug, that the Aspirin you're going to take out of the bottle on Monday is the same as the Aspirin that's going to come out of the bottle on Wednesday. 
So we looked at this, and we thought, okay, artisanal is wonderful in, you know, your clothing and your bread and crafts, but artisanal really isn't going to work in stem cells, so we have to deal with this. 
It's here now, and in our family, my son has type 1 diabetes, which is still an incurable disease, and I lost my parents to heart disease and cancer, but I think that my story probably sounds familiar to you, because probably a version of it is your story. 
In the past decade or so, mainly due to advances in brain imaging technology such as magnetic resonance imaging, or MRI, neuroscientists have started to look inside the living human brain of all ages, and to track changes in brain structure and brain function, so we use structural MRI if you'd like to take a snapshot, a photograph, at really high resolution of the inside of the living human brain, and we can ask questions like, 
You can think of it a bit like pruning a rosebush. 
So imagine that you're the participant in one of our experiments. You come into the lab, you see this computerized task. 
So imagine he tells you to move the top truck left. 
But it's when you compare the last two groups, the mid-adolescent group and the adult group where things get really interesting, because there, there is no continued improvement in the no-director condition. 
They use these to design with and they design for them, which is why we end up sitting in restaurants that look like this —  — and sound like this, shouting from a foot away to try and be heard by our dinner companion, or why we get on airplanes --  -- which cost 200 million pounds, with somebody talking through an old-fashioned telephone handset 
on a cheap stereo system, making us jump out of our skins. 
Hospital sound is getting worse all the time. 
I think we would like for dispensing errors to be zero, wouldn't we? And yet, as noise levels go up, so do the errors in dispensing made by the staff in hospitals. 
When I see a classroom that looks like this, can you imagine how this sounds? 
Voice: In language, infinitely many words can be written with a small set of letters. In arithmetic, infinitely many numbers can be composed from just a few digits with the help of the simple zero. 
Now that education you would receive, and thanks to the British acoustician Adrian James for those simulations. The signal was the same, the background noise was the same. 
Add those up. That is a lot of children who are not receiving their education properly. 
I think the economics are pretty clear on this. 
Out of that conference, incidentally, also came a free app which is designed to help children study if they're having to work at home, for example, in a noisy kitchen. 
And that's free out of that conference. 
And in our offices, we spend a lot of time at work. 
And I started to feed them in the most traditional and environmentally friendly way. 
I grabbed hold of it, sat down, and ate my breakfast with my pigs.  That was the first act of what I later learned to call freeganism, really an exhibition of the injustice of food waste, and the provision of the solution to food waste, which is simply to sit down and eat food, rather than throwing it away. 
There will always be waste. I'm not that unrealistic that I think we can live in a waste-free world. 
But the thing that really struck me, when I plotted all this data, and it was a lot of numbers, was that you can see how it levels off. 
When people talk about the need to increase global food production to feed those nine billion people that are expected on the planet by 2050, I always think of these graphs. 
In many ways, this is a great success story of human civilization, of the agricultural surpluses that we set out to achieve 12,000 years ago. 
But what we have to recognize now is that we are reaching the ecological limits that our planet can bear, and when we chop down forests, as we are every day, to grow more and more food, when we extract water from depleting water reserves, when we emit fossil fuel emissions in the quest to grow more and more food, and then we throw away so much of it, we have to think about what we can start saving. 
That's a problem primarily associated with developing work agriculture, whether it's a lack of infrastructure, refrigeration, pasteurization, grain stores, even basic fruit crates, which means that food goes to waste before it even leaves the fields. 
Two more we're going to throw away directly into bins. 
That is not a superlatively efficient use of global resources, especially when you think of the billion hungry people that exist already in the world. 
Go one step up, and you get to farmers, who throw away sometimes a third or even more of their harvest because of cosmetic standards. 
Parsnips that are too small for supermarket specifications, tomatoes in Tenerife, oranges in Florida, bananas in Ecuador, where I visited last year, all being discarded. This is one day's waste from one banana plantation in Ecuador. 
At the same time we throw away millions of tons of food waste which we could and should be feeding them. 
And you never think you're going to be the guy who's walking down the street and, because you choose to go down one side or the other, the rest of your life is changed forever. 
One of the very lucky things, when I was at Notre Dame, I was on the boxing team, so I put my hands up right away, instinctively. 
"This could work somehow."  And then I go out, and they work on me for the rest of the night, and I needed about 40 units of blood to keep me there while they did their work, and the surgeon took out about a third of my intestines, my cecum, organs I didn't know that I had, and he later told me one of the last things he did while he was in there was to remove my appendix for me, 
It was that enveloping, and there was only one spot that didn't hurt and it was my instep, and he was holding the arch of my foot and rubbing the instep with his thumb. 
And later on, when I got out and the flashbacks and the nightmares were giving me a hard time, I went back to him and I was sort of asking him, you know, what am I gonna do? 
And then I hear, "Bing-bong," and the subway doors are closing, and my stop is next, and I look at these kids, and I go, I think to myself, "I'm going to lift my shirt up and show them," —  — and then I think, "No, this is the New York City subway, that's going to lead to other things."  And so I just think, they got their lecture to go to. 
Thank you.   Thank you. Very lucky to be here. Thank you.  
Can you all please reach into your pockets and take out your mobile phone? 
 Can you imagine your world without it? 
But don't throw away your phones yet. 
Thirty thousand children are enlisted and are made to fight in armed groups. 
But don't throw away your phones yet, because the incredible irony is that the technology that has placed such unsustainable, devastating demands on the Congo is the same technology that has brought this situation to our attention. 
At the moment, there is no clear fair-trade solution. 
In February, Nokia unveiled its new policy on sourcing minerals in the Congo, and there is a petition to Apple to make a conflict-free iPhone. 
It is time to demand fair-trade phones. 
And the more we talked about how great it was to increase science literacy, the more they wanted to talk about us creating the next Frankenstein, and as a result, for the next six months, when you Googled my name, instead of getting my scientific papers, you got this. 
We work in groups, in big cities —  — and in small villages. 
There were a lot of risks involved that they talked about The one I liked the best is, someone could download my sequence, go back to the lab, synthesize some fake Ellen DNA, and plant it at a crime scene.  But like DIYbio, the positive outcomes and the potential for good for a study like that far outweighs the risk. 
And the same kind of technology -- it's called DNA barcoding, it's really cool -- You can use it to check if your caviar is really beluga, if that sushi is really tuna, or if that goat cheese that you paid so much for is really goat's. 
There's something sacred about a space where you can work on a project, and you don't have to justify to anyone that it's going to make a lot of money, that it's going to save mankind, or even that it's feasible. 
So I want to start by offering you a free no-tech life hack, and all it requires of you is this: that you change your posture for two minutes. 
So how many of you are sort of making yourselves smaller? 
This lucky policeman gets to shake hands with the President of the United States. 
Here comes the Prime Minister -- No.     Amy Cuddy: So a handshake, or the lack of a handshake, can have us talking for weeks and weeks and weeks. 
And there's a lot of reason to believe that this is a valid way to look at this. 
So social scientists have spent a lot of time looking at the effects of our body language, or other people's body language, on judgments. 
And those judgments can predict really meaningful life outcomes like who we hire or promote, who we ask out on a date. 
So when we think of nonverbals, we think of how we judge others, how they judge us and what the outcomes are. 
She shows that people who are born with sight and people who are congenitally blind do this when they win at a physical competition. 
We make ourselves small. We don't want to bump into the person next to us. 
So if someone is being really powerful with us, we tend to make ourselves smaller. We don't mirror them. 
Like, can you do this just for a little while and actually experience a behavioral outcome that makes you seem more powerful? 
So we know that our nonverbals govern how other people think and feel about us. There's a lot of evidence. 
So I'm talking about thoughts and feelings and the sort of physiological things that make up our thoughts and feelings, and in my case, that's hormones. I look at hormones. 
So what do the minds of the powerful versus the powerless look like? 
So there are a lot of differences. They take more risks. 
There are a lot of differences between powerful and powerless people. 
You want the person who's powerful and assertive and dominant, but not very stress reactive, the person who's laid back. 
So you're folding up, you're making yourself small. 
So two minutes lead to these hormonal changes that configure your brain to basically be either assertive, confident and comfortable, or really stress-reactive, and feeling sort of shut down. 
You're looking at your notes, you're hunching up, making yourself small, when really what you should be doing maybe is this, like, in the bathroom, right? Do that. Find two minutes. 
They're being judged also, and the judges are trained to give no nonverbal feedback, so they look like this. 
So for five minutes, nothing, and this is worse than being heckled. 
I was so afraid of being found out the next day that I called her and said, "I'm quitting." 
Tiny tweaks can lead to big changes. 
So, this is my grandfather, Salman Schocken, who was born into a poor and uneducated family with six children to feed, and when he was 14 years old, he was forced to drop out of school in order to help put bread on the table. 
This high school dropout died at the age of 82, a formidable intellectual, cofounder and first CEO of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, and founder of Schocken Books, an acclaimed imprint that was later acquired by Random House. 
Instead, they can provide an environment and resources that tease out your natural ability to learn on your own. 
You can imagine the tremendous joy of playing with a Tetris game that you wrote in JACK and then compiled into machine language in a compiler that you wrote also, and then seeing the result running on a machine that you built starting with nothing more than a few thousand NAND gates. 
It's a tremendous personal triumph of going from first principles all the way to a fantastically complex and useful system. 
And Parag Shah, another engineer, from Mumbai, has unbundled our projects into smaller, more manageable bites that he now serves in his pioneering do-it-yourself computer science program. 
For example, Yu Fangmin, from Guangzhou, has used FPGA technology to build our computer and show others how to do the same using a video clip, and Ben Craddock developed a very nice computer game that unfolds inside our CPU architecture, which is quite a complex 3D maze that Ben developed using the Minecraft 3D simulator engine. 
To anyone considering NAND2Tetris, it's a tough journey, but you'll be profoundly changed." 
I'm sick of it. 
So with that, I'd like to say a few words about upgrading, and share with you a glimpse from my current project, which is different from the previous one, but it shares exactly the same characteristics of self-learning, learning by doing, self-exploration and community-building, and this project deals with K-12 math education, beginning with early age math, and we do it on tablets because we believe that math, like anything else, should be taught hands on. 
When you deal with a concept like area -- well, we also provide a set of tools that the child is invited to experiment with in order to learn. 
So, in addition to learning some useful geometry, the child has been exposed to some pretty sophisticated science strategies, like reduction, which is the art of transforming a complex problem into a simple one, or generalization, which is at the heart of any scientific discipline, or the fact that some properties are invariant under some transformations. 
And all this is something that a very young child can pick up using such mobile apps. 
That computer is a computer that I learned about going to MIT, my father's dream. And at MIT, however, I learned about the computer at all levels, and after, I went to art school to get away from computers, and I began to think about the computer as more of a spiritual space of thinking. 
I've turned the computer on, and these assistants are placing a giant floppy disk built out of cardboard, and it's put into the computer. 
And I have a small experiment to give you a quick design lesson. 
Free bold feels like Mandela free. 
Free even light feels kind of like, ah, I can breathe in free. 
It feels great. Or even free spread out, it's like, ah, I can breathe in free, so easily. 
So I made a lot of work in the '90s. 
People ask me why I made that. It's not clear.  But I thought it'd be neat for the square to respond to me, and my kids were small then, and my kids would play with these things, like, "Aaah," you know, they would say, "Daddy, aaah, aaah." You know, like that. 
And then I spent a lot of time in the space of interactive graphics and things like this, and I stopped doing it because my students at MIT got so much better than myself, so I had to hang up my mouse. 
And I have a good friend, he's a new media artist named Tota Hasegawa. He's based in London, no, actually it's in Tokyo, but when he was based in London, he had a game with his wife. He would go to antique shops, and the game was as such: When we look at an antique we want, we'll ask the shopkeeper for the story behind the antique, and if it's a good story, we'll buy it. 
So art makes questions, and leadership is something that is asking a lot of questions. 
But I found a sign for Russian-speaking people, and it was the best sign ever to say no. 
I was like, "Oh, this my job. President. I do a lot of meetings, you know?" 
This is called Powershop, and the way it works is imagine an organization. You know, the CEO isn't ever at the top. The CEO's at the center of the organization. 
You can also imagine using technology like from Luminoso, the guys from Cambridge who were looking at deep text analysis. What is the tenor of your communications? 
So in closing, I want to thank all of you for your attention. Thanks very much.   
How would people describe your judgment, your knowledge, your behaviors, in different situations? 
Former guests from around the world had seen that the riots were happening just down the street, and wanted to check if he needed anything. 
It's about empowering people to make meaningful connections, connections that are enabling us to rediscover a humanness that we've lost somewhere along the way, by engaging in marketplaces like Airbnb, like Kickstarter, like Etsy, that are built on personal relationships versus empty transactions. 
We're literally beginning to realize that we have wired our world to share, swap, rent, barter or trade just about anything. We're sharing our cars on WhipCar, our bikes on Spinlister, our offices on Loosecubes, our gardens on Landshare. We're lending and borrowing money from strangers on Zopa and Lending Club. 
Now, later that evening, the two self-confessed tech geeks starting talking about how cool it would be if some kind of eBay for errands existed. 
At the time, she didn't realize that she was actually hitting on a bigger idea she later called service networking. 
Now, with all of my optimism, and I am an optimist, comes a healthy dose of caution, or rather, an urgent need to address some pressing, complex questions. 
There are over 20 pages of reviews of his work describing him as super-friendly and fast, and he's reached level 25, the highest level, making him a SuperRabbit. 
Well, this isn't anything new. Just think of power sellers on eBay or star ratings on Amazon. 
This year, two billion dollars worth of loans will go through peer-to-peer lending platforms. 
It's a bit like when I moved from New York to Sydney. 
Now I'm not suggesting that the next stage of the reputation economy is about adding up multiple ratings into some kind of empty score. 
I also want to be clear that this isn't about adding up tweets and likes and friends in a clout-like fashion. 
The big challenge is figuring out what data makes sense to pull, because the future's going to be driven by a smart aggregation of reputation, not a single algorithm. 
Just think of Sebastian and how he bought the cat to influence his. 
Let me give you one example from the world of recruiting, where reputation data will make the résumé seem like an archaic relic of the past. 
Now thousands of programmers today are finding better jobs this way, because Stack Overflow and the reputation dashboards provide a priceless window into how someone really behaves, and what their peers think of them. 
Without needles and radioactivity, without any kind of clinical reason, we can go down the street and record from your friends' and neighbors' brains while they do a variety of cognitive tasks, and we use a method called functional magnetic resonance imaging. 
If you want to compare oranges to windshields, what do you do? 
Well, you can't compare oranges to windshields. 
Well, your brain has to do something just like that as well, and we're now beginning to understand and identify brain systems involved in valuation, and one of them includes a neurotransmitter system whose cells are located in your brainstem and deliver the chemical dopamine to the rest of your brain. 
I won't go through the details of it, but that's an important discovery, and we know a good bit about that now, and it's just a small piece of it, but it's important because those are the neurons that you would lose if you had Parkinson's disease, and they're also the neurons that are hijacked by literally every drug of abuse, and that makes sense. 
But the point here is they were able to deny their instincts for survival using exactly the same systems that were put there to make them survive. That's a lot of control, okay? 
Now, the elements of the scene also communicate this to us, but you can read it straight off their faces, and if you compare their faces to normal faces, it would be a very subtle cue. 
That just gives you an example of the kind of thing that these games probe. The interesting thing is, these games require that you have a lot of cognitive apparatus on line. 
When methane built up, or carbon dioxide built up, or oxygen was diminished, the birds would swoon before people would -- so it acted as an early warning system: Hey, get out of the mine. Things aren't going so well. 
But we're also studying just a small part of what makes us interesting as human beings, and so I would invite other people who are interested in this to ask us for the software, or even for guidance on how to move forward with that. 
The decade that we've just been through had relatively anemic job growth all throughout, especially when we compare it to other decades, and the 2000s are the only time we have on record where there were fewer people working at the end of the decade This is not what you want to see. 
In particular, I think my projection is way too optimistic, because when I did it, I was assuming that the future was kind of going to look like the past, with labor productivity growth, and that's actually not what I believe. 
Now we have multi-language, instantaneous, automatic translation services available for free via many of our devices, all the way down to smartphones. 
A lot of people look at this and they say, "OK, but those are very specific, narrow tasks, and most knowledge workers are actually generalists. 
So I start to think a lot of knowledge work is going to be affected by this. 
But in the not-too-long-term, I think within the lifetimes of most of the people in this room, we're going to transition into an economy that is very productive, but that just doesn't need a lot of human workers. 
But despite this challenge -- personally, I'm still a huge digital optimist, and I am supremely confident that the digital technologies that we're developing now are going to take us into a Utopian future, not a dystopian future. And to explain why, I want to pose a ridiculously broad question. 
It's a wonderful question to ask and start an endless debate about, because some people are going to bring up that have changed how a lot of people think about the world. 
How can this not be as big a deal as overcoming the limitations of our muscles? 
 So here are the winners of a Topcoder programming challenge, and I assure you that nobody cares where these kids grew up, where they went to school, or what they look like. 
The work of innovation is becoming more open, more inclusive, more transparent and more merit-based, and that's going to continue no matter what MIT and Harvard think of it, and I couldn't be happier about that development. 
Now, what I don't think is that Jensen got extremely lucky and happened to land in the one set of villages where technology made things better. 
I'm with him; I'm going to echo his words: "I, for one, welcome our new computer overlords."  Thanks very much.  
Now we expect that to happen with silly stories about precognition, but the problem is, we have exactly the same problem in academia and in medicine, and in this environment, it costs lives. 
It also happens in the very real, flesh and blood of academic medicine. So in 1980, some researchers did a study on a drug called lorcainide, and this was an anti-arrhythmic drug, a drug that suppresses abnormal heart rhythms, and the idea was, after people have had a heart attack, they're quite likely to have abnormal heart rhythms, so if we give them a drug that suppresses abnormal heart rhythms, this will increase the chances of them surviving. 
Early on its development, they did a very small trial, just under a hundred patients. 
These drugs were brought to market. They were prescribed very widely because heart attacks are a very common thing, and it took so long for us to find out that these drugs also caused an increased rate of death that before we detected that safety signal, over 100,000 people died unnecessarily in America from the prescription of anti-arrhythmic drugs. 
Now actually, in 1993, the researchers who did that 1980 study, that early study, published a mea culpa, an apology to the scientific community, in which they said, "When we carried out our study in 1980, we thought that the increased death rate that occurred in the lorcainide group was an effect of chance." 
Three trials were published comparing reboxetine against other antidepressants in which reboxetine was just as good, and they were published, but three times as many patients' worth of data was collected which showed that reboxetine was worse than those other treatments, and those trials were not published. 
But when they went to look for these trials in the peer-reviewed academic literature, what they found was a very different picture. 
That would mean that I was a chancer and you were an idiot for letting me get away with it.  But this is exactly what we blindly tolerate in the whole of evidence-based medicine. 
First of all, we had trials registers, and everybody said, oh, it's okay. We'll get everyone to register their trials, they'll post the protocol, they'll say what they're going to do before they do it, and then afterwards we'll be able to check and see if all the trials which have been conducted and completed have been published. 
We need to force people to publish all trials conducted in humans, including the older trials, because the FDA Amendment Act only asks that you publish the trials conducted after 2008, and I don't know what world it is in which we're only practicing medicine on the basis of trials that completed in the past two years. 
We need to publish all trials in humans, including the older trials, for all drugs in current use, and you need to tell everyone you know that this is a problem and that it has not been fixed. 
If you went and looked for images of the Internet, this was all that you found, this famous image by Opte of the Internet as the kind of Milky Way, this infinite expanse where we don't seem to be anywhere on it. 
We can never seem to grasp it in its totality. 
We're always sort of small in the face of its expanse. 
And I was embarrassed. I was looking for this thing that only fools seem to look for. 
And in this dimension, they are incredibly small. 
And I've never met him. We've only communicated via this telepresence system, which always makes me think of him as the man inside the Internet.  And he is English. The undersea cable industry is dominated by Englishmen, and they all seem to be 42. 
They have -- this is literally a beam of light around the world, and if a cable breaks in the Pacific, it'll send it around the other direction. And then having done that, they started to look for places to wire next. 
It starts to seem like an incredibly physical thing. 
And that doesn't seem right. 
And after a few moments, her therapist tries a new tack, and they start singing together, and Gabby starts to sing through her tears, and you can hear her clearly able to enunciate the words to a song that describe the way she feels, and she sings, in one descending scale, she sings, "Let it shine, let it shine, let it shine." 
I had just completed my undergraduate, and I was working as a research assistant at the lab of Dennis Selkoe, studying Parkinson's disease at Harvard, and I had fallen in love with neuroscience. I wanted to become a surgeon. 
It was oxygen. I was lucky enough to have studied at the Juilliard School in Manhattan, and to have played my debut with Zubin Mehta and the Israeli philharmonic orchestra in Tel Aviv, and it turned out that Gottfried Schlaug had studied as an organist at the Vienna Conservatory, but had given up his love for music to pursue a career in medicine. And that afternoon, I had to ask him, 
But in the end, it was Nathaniel who showed me that if I was truly passionate about change, if I wanted to make a difference, I already had the perfect instrument to do it, that music was the bridge that connected my world and his. 
Keats himself had also given up a career in medicine to pursue poetry, but he died when he was a year older than me. 
Tapestries were ubiquitous between the Middle Ages and, really, well into the 18th century, and it was pretty apparent why. 
In due course, I ended up as a curator at the Metropolitan Museum, because I saw the Met as one of the few places where I could organize really big exhibitions about the subject I cared so passionately about. 
You know, we live in an age where we are so used to television images and photographs, a one-hit image. These were big, complex things, almost like cartoons with multiple narratives. 
There was a lot of skepticism. On the opening night, I overheard one of the senior members of staff saying, "This is going to be a bomb." 
And you can just imagine them. 
It wasn't easy. McQueen had worked throughout his career with a small team of designers and managers who were very protective of his legacy, but Andrew went to London and worked with them over the summer and won their confidence, and that of the designers who created his amazing fashion shows, which were works of performance art in their own right, and we proceeded to do something at the museum, I think, we've never done before. 
Whether it's Libya, Egypt, Syria, it's in our galleries that we can explain and give greater understanding. 
I'm working to try and break down that sense of that elitism. 
I look like one person but I'm two people. I'm Eddie who is here, and at the same time, my alter ego is a big green boxy avatar nicknamed Cyber Frank. 
Please could you work this through with me? You can shout out the answer if you like. 
And this is what I'm trying to explain has happened to us in the 21st century. 
When I'm joking, I try and explain it happened at midnight, you see, while we were asleep, but it was midnight 15 years ago. Okay? 
If you go on Google and you look for "innovation + creativity," you get 30 million hits. If you add the word "consultants," it doubles to 60 million.  Are you with me? And yet, statistically, what you discover is that about one in 100,000 ideas is found making money or delivering benefits two years after its inception. 
However, if I use as an example a family of five going on holiday, if you can imagine this, all the way from London all the way across to Hong Kong, what I want you to think about is their budget is only 3,000 pounds of expenses. 
What actually happens is, if I compare this to the average real project, average real successful project, the family actually end up in Makassar, South Sulawesi, at a cost of 4,000 pounds, whilst leaving two of the children behind.  What I'm trying to explain to you is, there are things which don't make sense to us. 
It gets even worse than that. Let me just walk you through this one. 
It says -- I'll put on the voice -- "In summary, your Majesty, the failure to foresee the timing, extent and severity of the crisis was due to the lack of creativity and the number of bright minds," or something like that. 
And then I ask myself, "Why was it ever small?" 
Now how do we cope and deal with that? 
Out here is the world. Now, what's happened to our pace of learning as the world has accelerated? Well, if you work for a corporation, you'll discover it's quite difficult to work on stuff which your boss doesn't approve of, isn't in the strategy, and anyway, you've got to go through your monthly meetings. 
Well, free pizzas! You should be treated better than the people who succeed. 
It's called smart failure. Why? Because you can't put it on your C.V. 
If you're interested, worldaftermidnight.com, you'll find out more, but I've applied them to myself for over a decade, and I'm still here, and I still have my house, and the most important thing is, I hope I've done enough to inject a little green ink into your lives, so that when you go away and you're making your next absolutely sensible and rational decision, you'll take some time to think, "Hmm, I wonder whether this also makes sense 
But video has been left out. It arrived on the web in a small box, and there it has remained, completely disconnected from the data and the content all around it. 
Videos created with Popcorn behave like the web itself: dynamic, full of links, and completely remixable, and finally allowed to break free from the frame. 
Let's try something else, maybe something a bit more relevant to today. 
So imagine if every video that we watched on the web worked like the web, completely remixable, linked to its source content, and interactive for everyone who views it. 
And, especially if you know the city, getting from A to B may seem pretty obvious, right? 
They had a lot of omission of information, but unfortunately, the wrong information. Say, in the city center -- there were never actually any lines that showed the routes. 
I got a nice spaghetti plate.  Now, this is a bit of a mess, so I decided, of course, "You're going to apply the rules of schematic design," cleaning up the corridors, widening the streets where there were loads of buses and making the streets at straight, 90-degree corners, 45-degree corners or fractions of that, and filled it in with the bus routes. 
So the outcome of my academic research, loads of questionnaires, case studies and looking at a lot of maps, was that a lot of the problems and shortcomings of the public transport system here in Dublin was the lack of a coherent public transport map -- a simplified, coherent public transport map -- because I think this is the crucial step to understanding a public transport network on a physical level, 
So I teamed up with a gentleman called James Leahy, a civil engineer and a recent master's graduate of the Sustainable Development program at DIT, and together we drafted the simplified model network, which I could then go ahead and visualize. 
Now we could take out all the local buses that ran alongside those rapid transport means. 
The map is relatively small in overall size, so something that you could still hold as a fold-out map or display in a reasonably-sized display box on a bus shelter. 
And of course, for my own self, I was very happy to see that my folks in Germany and Greece finally have an idea what I do for a living.  Thank you.  
They're selling electricity back to the grid thanks to solar panels, reflective paint and more. 
Washington, D.C., last year, actually led the nation in new green roofs installed, and they're funding this in part thanks to a five-cent tax on plastic bags. 
So I took to my bed for about a month, and when I woke up I found I was institutionalized, and when I saw the other inmates, I realized that I had found my people, my tribe.  Because they became my only friends, they became my friends, because very few people that I knew -- Well, I wasn't sent a lot of cards or flowers. I mean, if I had had a broken leg 
Because I didn't think of that.    Because, you know, the one thing, one thing that you get with this disease, this one comes with a package, is you get a real sense of shame, because your friends go, "Oh come on, show me the lump, show me the x-rays," and of course you've got nothing to show, so you're, like, really disgusted with yourself because you're thinking, "I'm not being carpet-bombed. I don't live in a township." 
How come every other organ in your body can get sick and you get sympathy, except the brain? 
Here we go.  This little baby has a lot of horsepower. 
Because I'll show you where there might be a few glitches in evolution. Okay, let me just explain this to you. 
So you've got this nagging loop tape that goes over and over again that drives you insane, so, you see what the problem is? What once made you safe now drives you insane. 
Your pets are happier than you are.   So kitty cat, meow, happy happy happy, human beings, screwed.  Completely and utterly -- so, screwed. 
But my point is, if we don't talk about this stuff, and we don't learn how to deal with our lives, it's not going to be one in four. It's going to be four in four who are really, really going to get ill in the upstairs department. 
And while we're at it, can we please stop the stigma? 
And every one of us gets sick, and the question really is, how sick do we get? Is it something that kills us? 
And we've gotten sick as long as we've been people. 
And so we've always looked for reasons to explain why we get sick. 
So this is Avicenna. He wrote a book over a thousand years ago called "The Canon of Medicine," and the rules he laid out for testing medicines are actually really similar to the rules we have today, that the disease and the medicine must be the same strength, the medicine needs to be pure, and in the end we need to test it in people. And so if you put together these themes 
He thought yellow fever was not transmitted by dirty clothing. 
So some of the people in some of the tents had dirty clothes and some of the people were in tents that were full of mosquitos that had been exposed to yellow fever. 
And it definitively proved that it wasn't this magic dust called fomites in your clothes that caused yellow fever. 
And more importantly, we're able to gather information about our choices, because it turns out that what we think of as our health is more like the interaction of our bodies, our genomes, our choices and our environment. 
And so if you think about it, the depressing thing is that Facebook would never make a change to something with a sample size as small as a Phase III clinical trial. 
And when you have it, you don't have a lot of privacy in the hospital. You're naked the vast majority of the time. 
People you don't know come in and look at you and poke you and prod you, and when I tell cancer survivors that this tool we created to protect them is actually preventing their data from being used, especially when only three to four percent of people who have cancer ever even sign up for a clinical study, their reaction is not, "Thank you, God, for protecting my privacy." 
So a lot of people talk about it as digital exhaust. 
I like to think of it as the dust that runs along behind my kid. 
Please give me back my data." So this is my most recent bloodwork. 
I have particularly high bad cholesterol, and I have some bad liver numbers, but those are because we had a dinner party with a lot of good wine the night before we ran the test.  Right. But look at how non-computable this information is. 
And there's been a lot of talk about commonses, right, here, there, everywhere, right. A commons is nothing more than a public good that we build out of private goods. 
And a commons of data is something that's really unique, because we make it from our own data. And although a lot of people like privacy as their methodology of control around data, and obsess around privacy, at least some of us really like to share as a form of control, and what's remarkable about digital commonses is you don't need a big percentage if your sample size is big enough 
So not that many programmers write free software, but we have the Apache web server. 
And the reason that I got obsessed with this, besides the obvious family aspects, is that I spend a lot of time around mathematicians, and mathematicians are drawn to places where there's a lot of data because they can use it to tease signals out of noise. 
And those correlations that they can tease out, they're not necessarily causal agents, but math, in this day and age, is like a giant set of power tools that we're leaving on the floor, not plugged in in health, while we use hand saws. 
If we have a lot of shared genotypes, and a lot of shared outcomes, and a lot of shared lifestyle choices, and a lot of shared environmental information, we can start to tease out the correlations between subtle variations in people, the choices they make and the health that they create as a result of those choices, and there's open-source infrastructure to do all of this. 
So if you reach behind yourself and you grab the dust, if you reach into your body and grab your genome, if you reach into the medical system and somehow extract your medical record, you can actually go through an online informed consent process -- because the donation to the commons must be voluntary and it must be informed -- and you can actually upload your information and have it syndicated to the 
And I've spent a lot of time around other commons. 
Closed systems, corporations, make a lot of money on the open web, and they're one of the reasons why the open web lives is that corporations have a vested interest in the openness of the system. 
And the other thing about these systems is that it only takes a small number of really unreasonable people working together to create them. It didn't take that many people to make Wikipedia Wikipedia, or to keep it Wikipedia. 
So what I'd end [with] is, the most beautiful thing I've learned since I quit my job almost a year ago to do this, is that it really doesn't take very many of us to achieve spectacular results. 
And being naked and alone can be terrifying. 
But to be naked in a group, voluntarily, can be quite beautiful. 
You fight it. If you have a more modernist approach, and your perception of terrorism is almost cause-and-effect, then naturally from that, the responses that come out of it are much more asymmetrical. 
We've mentioned the health, but it needs consumers to buy into it. 
They're the people who buy into the brand, support them, facilitate them, and they're the people we've got to reach out to. 
They are somebody who can actually stand there and say, "This product's crap. I had it and I was sick for days. 
I wanted to blow you all up to try and make a point, but —  — TED, for health and safety reasons, have told me I've got to do a countdown, so I feel like a bit of an Irish or Jewish terrorist, sort of a health and safety terrorist, and I —  — I've got to count 3, 2, 1, and it's a bit alarming, so thinking of what my motto would be, 
She's going to find out that she gets a pitiful amount of money off our government for looking after what's happened to her. 
There was a famous Irish terrorist who once summed up the point very beautifully. He said, "The thing is, about the British government, is, is that it's got to be lucky all the time, and we only have to be lucky once." 
What I'd like to do is just briefly go through a few examples from my work on areas where we try and approach these things differently. 
When we originally looked at bringing civil actions against terrorists, everyone thought we were a bit mad and mavericks and crackpots. Now it's got a title. Everyone's doing it. 
We brought a private action, and thank God, 10 years later, we actually won it. There is a slight appeal on at the moment so I have to be a bit careful, but I'm fairly confident. 
Just by bringing the very action, that bank has stopped doing it, and indeed, the powers that be around the world, which for real politic reasons before, couldn't actually deal with this issue, because there was lots of competing interests, have actually closed down those loopholes in the banking system. 
It self-educates both sides, enables a better understanding, reveals the strengths and weaknesses, and yes, like some of the speakers before, the shared vulnerability does lead to trust, and it does then become, that process, part of normalization. 
What happens if that bomb went off because we didn't have any thoughts and things in place to allow dialogue to deal with these things and interaction? 
A lot of people say that communism was defeated by the Rolling Stones. It's a good theory. 
And perception underpins everything we think, we know, we believe, our hopes, our dreams, the clothes we wear, falling in love, everything begins with perception. 
Right? If you go down below on a boat, your inner ears are you telling you you're moving. Your eyes, because it's moving in register with the boat, say I'm standing still. 
Your brain cannot deal with the uncertainty of that information, and it gets ill. 
Because they're experts in play. So I took my bee arena down to a small school in Devon, and the aim of this was to not just get the kids to see science differently, but, through the process of science, to see themselves differently. Right? 
Now, I should say that we didn't get funding for this study because the scientists said small children couldn't make a useful contribution to science, and the teachers said kids couldn't do it. 
So, here are some of the questions. I put them in small print so you wouldn't bother reading it. Point is that five of the questions that the kids came up with were actually the basis of science publication the last five to 15 years. Right? 
So Amy, would you please come up?   So Amy's going to help me tell the story of what we call the Blackawton Bees Project, and first she's going to tell you the question that they came up with. So go ahead, Amy. 
But we wondered if there's a possible link with other animals. It'd be amazing if humans and bees thought similar, since they seem so different from us. 
So we asked if humans and bees might solve complex problems in the same way. 
But it actually makes a lot of sense they should, because bees, like us, can recognize a good flower regardless of the time of day, the light, the weather, or from any angle they approach it from.  BL: So the next step was to design an experiment, which is a game. So the kids went off and they designed this experiment, and so -- well, game -- and so, Amy, can you tell us what the game was, 
So I'm not going to go through the whole details of the study because actually you can read about it, but the next step is observation. So here are some of the students doing the observations. They're recording the data of where the bees fly. 
"I'm afraid the paper fails our initial quality control checks in several different ways."  In other words, it starts off "once upon a time," the figures are in crayon, etc.  So we said, we'll get it reviewed. So I sent it to Dale Purves, who is at the National Academy of Science, one of the leading neuroscientists in the world, and he says, "This is the most original science paper I have ever read" —  — 
They say no. 
"I have read 'Blackawton Bees' recently. I don't have words to explain exactly how I am feeling right now. 
Please congratulate your children's team from my side." 
AO: This project was really exciting for me, because it brought the process of discovery to life, and it showed me that anyone, and I mean anyone, has the potential to discover something new, and that a small question can lead into a big discovery. 
Unfortunately, at that time we did not know that that was not exactly where we should be looking, because we had to go much deeper in, and so the research came to a halt, and it was only taken up in 2000 thanks to the interest and the enthusiasm of the Guinness family. 
Well, this time, we focused on trying to reconstruct the way the Hall of the 500 was before the remodeling, and the so-called Sala Grande, which was built in 1494, and to find out the original doors, windows, and in order to do that, we first created a 3D model, and then, with thermography, we went on to discover hidden windows. These are the original windows of the hall of the Sala Grande. We also found out about the height 
Well, we also learned that Vasari, who was commissioned to remodel the Hall of the 500 between 1560 and 1574 by the Grand Duke Cosimo I of the Medici family, we have at least two instances when he saved masterpieces specifically by placing a brick wall in front of it and leaving a small air gap. 
And we did find many on the right panel of the east wall, an air gap, and that's where we believe "The Battle of Anghiari," or at least the part that we know has been painted, which is called "The Fight for the Standard," should be located. 
We came back in the Hall of the 500 in 2011, and this time, with a great group of students, and my colleague, Professor Falko Kuester, who is now the director at CISA3, and we came back just since we knew already where to look for to find out if there was still something left. 
Well, we were confined though, limited, I should rather say, for several reasons that it's not worth explaining, to endoscopy only, of the many other options we had, and with a 4mm camera attached to it, we were successful in documenting and taking some fragments of what it turns out to be a reddish color, black color, and there is some beige fragments that later on we ran a much more sophisticated exams, 
There is a lot of varnish still sitting there, several retouches, and some over cleaning. It becomes very visible. 
and to prove that the brown coating that we see today was not done by Leonardo da Vinci, which left us only the other drawing that for five centuries we were not able to see, so thanks only to technology. 
So all we need is one finger. Just wipe off and we see the elephant.   Okay? And then if we want, we can continue the scroll to find out, for example, on the staircase, the whole iconography is going to be changed. There are a lot of laymen reconstructing from the ruins of an old temple a new temple, and there are a lot of figures showing up. See? 
As long as we live a life of curiosity and passion, there is a bit of Leonardo in all of us. Thank you.   
Management teams seem increasingly disconnected from their staff.  A recent survey said that 27 percent of bosses believe their employees are inspired by their firm. 
They can give them more control over pricing, which is what the band Radiohead did with its pay-as-you-like online release of its album "In Rainbows." Buyers could determine the price, but the offer was exclusive, and only stood for a limited period of time. 
Outdoor clothier Patagonia encouraged prospective buyers to check out eBay for its used products and to resole their shoes before purchasing new ones. 
In an even more radical stance against consumerism, the company placed a "Don't Buy This Jacket" advertisement during the peak of shopping season. 
It does not tell the traveler where she's going until the very last minute, and information is provided just in time. Similarly, Dutch airline KLM launched a surprise campaign, seemingly randomly handing out small gifts to travelers en route to their destination. 
U.K.-based Interflora monitored Twitter for users who were having a bad day, and then sent them a free bouquet of flowers. 
Again, please pick a percentage. 
Or think of investment. Take all the real investment that went on in the world in 2010. 
However, there's a big problem with the official statistics, in that if, for instance, a Japanese component supplier ships something to China to be put into an iPod, and then the iPod gets shipped to the U.S., that component ends up getting counted multiple times. 
So nobody knows how bad this bias with the official statistics actually is, so I thought I would ask the person who's spearheading the effort to generate data on this, Pascal Lamy, the Director of the World Trade Organization, what his best guess would be of exports as a percentage of GDP, without the double- and triple-counting, and it's actually probably a bit under 20 percent, rather than the 30 percent-plus numbers that we're talking about. 
So it's very clear that if you look at these numbers or all the other numbers that I talk about in my book, "World 3.0," that we're very, very far from the no-border effect benchmark, which would imply internationalization levels of the order of 85, 90, 95 percent. 
But it's not just the apocalyptics, as I think of them, who are prone to this kind of overstatement. 
I've run several dozen such surveys in different parts of the world, and in all cases except one, where a group actually underestimated the trade-to-GDP ratio, people have this tendency towards overestimation, and so I thought it important to give a name to this, and that's what I refer to as globaloney, the difference between the dark blue bars and the light gray bars. 
So my point is, I haven't presented a lot of data here to convince you that I'm right, but I would urge you to go away and look for your own data to try and actually assess whether some of these hand-me-down insights that we've been bombarded with actually are correct. 
If you raise questions about that formulation, you really are considered a bit of an antique. 
hands go up, and people ask me, "Yeah, but what about Facebook?" 
Because, in some sense, it's the ideal kind of technology to think about. Theoretically, it makes it as easy to form friendships halfway around the world as opposed to right next door. 
Think of France and the current debate about immigration. 
If you look at the OECD countries and how much they spend per domestic poor person, and compare it with how much they spend per poor person in poor countries, the ratio — Branko Milanovic at the World Bank did the calculations — turns out to be about 30,000 to one. 
It was run by the great and powerful parents, and the people were helpless and hopeless naughty children. 
I thought this was a basic question to ask in a democracy.  It wasn't like I was asking for the code to a nuclear bunker, or anything like that, but the amount of resistance I got from this Freedom of Information request, you would have thought I'd asked something like this. 
So I fought for about five years doing this, and it was one of many hundreds of requests that I made, not -- I didn't -- Hey, look, I didn't set out, honestly, to revolutionize the British Parliament. 
But it ended up in this very long, protracted legal battle and there I was after five years fighting against Parliament in front of three of Britain's most eminent High Court judges waiting for their ruling about whether or not Parliament had to release this data. 
Obviously the Church weren't very happy about this, and they tried to suppress it, but what they hadn't counted on was technology, and then they had the printing press, which suddenly enabled these ideas to spread cheaply, far and fast, and people would come together in coffee houses, discuss the ideas, plot revolution. 
We're moving to what I would think of as a fully connected system, and we have global decisions to make in this system, decisions about climate, about finance systems, about resources. And think about it -- if we want to make an important decision about buying a house, we don't just go off. I mean, I don't know about you, but I want to see a lot of houses before I put that much money into it. 
And if we're thinking about a finance system, we need a lot of information to take in. It's just not possible for one person to take in the amount, the volume of information, and analyze it to make good decisions. 
So that's why we're seeing increasingly this demand for access to information. 
And it's getting harder to hide assets, tax avoidance, pay inequality. So that's great. We're starting to find out more and more about these systems. 
So I've told you a bit about what I did into the 21st century, and I'm just going to give you a couple of examples of what a few other people I know are doing. 
It's open-source, with documentation, and it allows you to make a Freedom of Information request, to ask your public body a question, so it takes all the hassle out of it, and I can tell you that there is a lot of hassle making these requests, so it takes all of that hassle out, and you just type in your question, for example, how many police officers have a criminal record? 
So when the Guardian did this investigation about the Afghan War, you know, they can't walk into the Department of Defense and ask for all the information. 
In a lot of countries, we have Official Secrets Acts, including in Britain here. We have an Official Secrets Act with no public interest test. So that means it's a crime, people are punished, quite severely in a lot of cases, Now wouldn't it be amazing, and really, this is what I want all of you to think about, if we had an Official Disclosure Act where officials were punished if they were found 
Well, I'm sorry, people, but we are back to the pre-Enlightenment Church, and we need to fight against that. 
Some fairy tales have happy endings. Some don't. 
Four hundred years of maturing democracy, colleagues in Parliament who seem to me, as individuals, reasonably impressive, an increasingly educated, energetic, informed population, and yet a deep, deep sense of disappointment. 
It's a problem across the developing world, and in middle income countries too. In Jamaica, for example -- look at Jamaican members of Parliament, you meet them, and they're often people who are Rhodes Scholars, who've studied at Harvard or at Princeton, and yet, you go down to downtown Kingston, and you are looking at one of the most depressing sites that you can see in any middle-income country in the world: 
Do we find a flourishing civil society, a vigorous rule of law and good security? No. What we find in Afghanistan is a judiciary that is weak and corrupt, a very limited civil society which is largely ineffective, a media which is beginning to get onto its feet but a government that's deeply unpopular, perceived as being deeply corrupt, and security that is shocking, security that's terrible. 
not a democratic state at all but a relatively prosperous minor monarchy, democracy is a thing of value for which we should be fighting. But in order to do so we need to get away from instrumental arguments. 
We need to get away from saying democracy matters because of the other things it brings. 
We need to get away from feeling, in the same way, human rights matters because of the other things it brings, or women's rights matters for the other things it brings. 
Why should we get away from those arguments? 
Because they're very dangerous. If we set about saying, for example, torture is wrong because it doesn't extract good information, or we say, you need women's rights because it stimulates economic growth by doubling the size of the work force, you leave yourself open to the position where the government of North Korea can turn around and say, "Well actually, we're having a lot of success extracting good information with our torture at the moment," 
or the government of Saudi Arabia to say, "Well, our economic growth's okay, thank you very much, considerably better than yours, so maybe we don't need to go ahead with this program on women's rights." 
All of these great fictional characters, all of them who were hurt by their condition, all of them who spawned thousands of other books and other films, all of them were fostered, adopted or orphaned. 
That is, they also use extraordinary skills to deal with extraordinary situations on a daily basis. 
She lands months before the Beatles release "The White Album," months before Martin Luther King was killed. 
My foster mother asked me to go away to think about love and what it is and to read the Scriptures and to come back tomorrow and give my most honest and truthful answer. 
By the way, years later, my social worker said that I should never have been put in there. 
They -- I was put in a dormitory with a confirmed Nazi sympathizer. 
This photo taken just before his death —  — is actually a — No, one reason this photo is interesting is because most people would not do this, and if they did, they would not live to tell it, because fear would have kicked in a long time ago to a natural predator. 
Just like fear offers us protective benefits, disgust seems to do the same thing, except for what disgust does is keeps us away from not things that might eat us, or heights, but rather things that might poison us, or give us disease and make us sick. 
Those probably made a lot of you in the audience feel very, very disgusted, but if you didn't look, I can tell you about some of the other things that have been shown sort of across the world to make people disgusted, things like feces, urine, blood, rotten flesh. 
In fact, just having a diseased appearance or odd sexual acts, these things are also things that give us a lot of disgust. 
and plainly showed disgust at its softness, whilst I felt utter disgust at my food being touched by a naked savage —  — though his hands did not appear dirty." 
He later wrote, "It's okay, some of my best friends are naked savages."  Well it turns out it's not only old-timey British scientists who are this squeamish. I recently got a chance to talk to Richard Dawkins for a documentary, and I was able to disgust him a bunch of times. Here's my favorite. 
This is from an anti-gay website, where they said gays are "worthy of death for their vile ... sex practices." 
When you bring people into the laboratory and you ask them if they're willing to engage in safe but disgusting behaviors like eating chocolate that's been baked to look like dog poop, or in this case eating some mealworms that are perfectly healthy but pretty gross, your score on that scale actually predicts whether or not you'll be willing to engage in those behaviors. 
The first time that we set out to collect data on this and associate it with political or moral beliefs, we found a general pattern -- this is with the psychologists Yoel Inbar and Paul Bloom -- that in fact, across three studies we kept finding that people who reported that they were easily disgusted also reported that they were more politically conservative. 
Interestingly, what they also showed in a finding that we kept getting in our previous studies as well individuals who are very disgust-sensitive not only are more likely to report being politically conservative, but they're also very much more opposed to gay marriage and homosexuality and pretty much a lot of the socio-moral issues in the sexual domain. 
We have to resort to experimental methods to answer this, and so what we can do is actually bring people into the lab and disgust them and compare them to a control group that hasn't been disgusted. It turns out that over the past five years a number of researchers have done this, and by and large the results have all been the same, that when people are feeling disgust, their attitudes 
So this is whether you use a foul odor, a bad taste, from film clips, from post-hypnotic suggestions of disgust, images like the ones I've shown you, even just reminding people that disease is prevalent and they should be wary of it and wash up, right, to keep clean, these all have similar effects on judgment. 
The thick walls are great for insulation. It keeps the interior very cool during the summertime, and warm during the wintertime, and the small windows were also very good because it limited the amount of temperature transfer between the interior and exterior. 
They give off a lot of heat into the atmosphere, and for some of you may understand the heat island effect in cities, where the urban areas are much more warm than the adjacent rural areas, but we also have problems that, when we lose power, we can't open a window here, and so the buildings are uninhabitable and have to be made vacant until that air conditioning system can start up again. 
We need to look for something else, and we've gotten ourselves a little bit into a rut. 
It has pores, it has sweat glands, it has all these things that work together very dynamically and very efficiently, and so what I propose is that our building skins should be more similar to human skin, and by doing so can be much more dynamic, responsive and differentiated, depending on where it is. 
I presently, or currently, work with smart materials, and a smart thermo-bimetal. 
First of all, I guess we call it smart because it requires no controls and it requires no energy, and that's a very big deal for architecture. 
So this kind of proof of concept project has a lot of implications to actual future application in architecture, and in this case, here you see a house, that's for a developer in China, and it's actually a four-story glass box. 
is it'll start to block out the sun in certain areas of the building, and totally, if necessary. 
And these are some later studies that I'm working on right now that are on the boards, where you can see, in the bottom right-hand corner, with the red, it's actually smaller pieces of thermometal, and it's actually going to, we're trying to make it move like cilia or eyelashes. 
On the left, it's when it's cold and the thermo-bimetal is flat so it will constrict air from passing through the blocks, and on the right, the thermo-bimetal curls and allows that air to pass through, so those are two different components that I'm working on, and again, it's a completely different thing, because you can imagine that air could potentially be coming through the walls instead of opening windows. 
So I want to leave you with one last impression about the project, or this kind of work and using smart materials. 
When you're tired of opening and closing those blinds day after day, when you're on vacation and there's no one there on the weekends to be turning off and on the controls, or when there's a power outage, and you have no electricity to rely on, these thermo-bimetals will still be working tirelessly, efficiently and endlessly. Thank you.   
Only I later realized that what he fed me was food for his entire family for two days. 
Later, I joined the World Bank, which sought to fight such poverty by transferring aid from rich to poor countries. 
Though he was no lawyer, he argued the case in court himself the next day. He won the ruling, but later that very evening, he fell, and he died. 
Most people imagine orphanages as a benign environment that care for children. 
They communicate their delight to their children, who respond with smiles, and a desire to achieve more and to learn more. 
The older children bully the little ones. They learn to survive. They learn to defend themselves, or they go under. 
when there hasn't been a great deal of war or disaster in recent years? 
Behind each of the million children in institutions, there is usually a story of parents who are desperate and feel they've run out of options, like Natalia in Moldova, who only had enough money to feed her baby, and so had to send her older son to the institution; or Desi, in Bulgaria, who looked after her four children at home until her husband died, but then she had to go out to work full time, 
We find that if we get them out of institutions and into loving families early on, they recover their developmental delays, and go on to lead normal, happy lives. 
If we spend less on these children but on the right services, we can take the savings and reinvest them in high quality residential care for those few children with extremely complex needs. 
I was one of the only kids in college who had a reason to go to the P.O. box at the end of the day, and that was mainly because my mother has never believed in email, in Facebook, in texting or cell phones in general. 
The mere fact that somebody would even just sit down, pull out a piece of paper and think about someone the whole way through, with an intention that is so much harder to unearth when the browser is up and the iPhone is pinging and we've got six conversations rolling in at once, that is an art form no matter how many social networks we might join. 
So let's start off looking at something rather not-so-small, something that we can see with our naked eye, and that's a bee. So when you look at this bee, it's about this size here, it's about a centimeter. 
As we go smaller, here is a human hair. 
A human hair is about the smallest thing that the eye can see. 
And as we go smaller again, about ten times smaller than that, is a cell. 
That's how small that is. 
So if you were a little tiny bug living in a flower, what would that flower look like, if the flower was this big? 
It wouldn't look or feel like anything that we see when we look at a flower. So if you look at this flower here, and you're a little bug, if you're on that surface of that flower, that's what the terrain would look like. 
Here's a close-up picture, or this is actually a regular picture of a water hyacinth, and if you had really, really good vision, with your naked eye, you'd see it about that well. 
There's the stamen and the pistil. But look what the stamen and the pistil look like in a microscope. That's the stamen. 
And the reason that is, is because in a place like this island, a lot of the sand is made of biological material because the reefs provide a place where all these microscopic animals or macroscopic animals grow, and when they die, their shells and their teeth and their bones break up and they make grains of sand, things like coral and so forth. 
There are places in Africa where they do the mining of jewels, and you go to the sand where the rivers have the sand go down to the ocean, and it's like literally looking at tiny jewels through the microscope. 
And they're quite amazing-looking, and these are the tiny constituents that make up the world that we live in -- the planets and the Moon. 
Now something's interesting here. This looks very different than any sand on Earth that I've ever seen, and I've seen a lot of sand on Earth, believe me.  Look at this hole in the middle. That hole was caused by a micrometeorite hitting the Moon. 
Now, the Moon has no atmosphere, so micrometeorites come in continuously, and the whole surface of the Moon is covered with powder now, because for four billion years it's been bombarded by micrometeorites, and when micrometeorites come in at about 20 to 60,000 miles an hour, they vaporize on contact. 
This is a very small grain of sand, this whole thing. 
And many of the grains of sand on the Moon look like that, and you'd never find that on Earth. 
Other sands, when these micrometeorites come in, they vaporize and they make these fountains, these microscopic fountains that go up into the -- I was going to say "up into the air," but there is no air -- goes sort of up, and these microscopic glass beads are formed instantly, and they harden, and by the time they fall down back to the surface of the Moon, they have these beautiful colored glass spherules. 
What I want you all to do right now is to think of this mammal that I'm going to describe to you. 
Ah, I can see half the audience agrees with me, and I have a lot of work to do to convince the rest of you. 
Bats have learned and evolved how to deal with this. 
Most bats look like the previous one. 
If anybody has ever been lucky enough to be in Australia, you've seen them coming out of the Botanic Gardens in Sydney, and if you just look at their face, you can see they have much, much larger eyes and much smaller ears. 
Now this is going to be important for what I'm going to tell you later during the talk. 
Now, if the idea of bats in your belfry terrifies you, and I know some people probably are feeling a little sick looking at very large images of bats, that's probably not that surprising, because here in Western culture, bats have been demonized. 
Really, of course the famous book "Dracula," written by a fellow Northside Dubliner Bram Stoker, probably is mainly responsible for this. 
It's been estimated in the U.S., in a tiny colony of big brown bats, that they will feed on over a million insects a year, and in the United States of America, right now bats are being threatened by a disease known as white-nose syndrome. 
So therefore, if we were to do this, what we'd need to do is sequence that region in all these different mammals and ascertain if it's the same or if it's different. So if it is the same, this indicates that that site is important for a function, so a disease mutation should fall within that site. 
Three hundred and fourteen million people are visually impaired, and 45 million of these are blind. So blindness is a big problem, and a lot of these blind disorders come from inherited diseases, so we want to try and better understand which mutations in the gene cause the disease. 
But we are going to have to understand it a bit better. 
So typically, small mammals live fast, die young. 
Think of a mouse. But bats are very different. 
So therefore, they must have something within their DNA that ables them to deal with the metabolic stresses, particularly of flight. They expend three times more energy than a mammal of the same size, but don't seem to suffer the consequences or the effects. 
Aging is a big problem for humanity, and I believe that by studying bats, we can uncover the molecular mechanisms that enable mammals to achieve extraordinary longevity. If we find out what they're doing, perhaps through gene therapy, we can enable us to do the same thing. 
Just imagine what that would be like. 
and this was before the ironic hipster mustache movement —  — it created a lot of controversy.  So my boss wouldn't let me go and see clients. 
And we had a lot of fun, and in 2004, I said to the guys, "That was so much fun. We need to legitimize this so we can get away with it year on year."  So we started thinking about that, and we were inspired by the women around us and all they were doing for breast cancer. 
And that eloquently describes the challenge, changing your appearance for the 30 days, and also the outcome that we're trying to achieve: getting men engaged in their health, having them have a better understanding about the health risks that they face. 
We're going to have a lot of fun doing it, and it taught us the importance of taking risks and really smart risks. 
We literally fund hundreds if not thousands of institutions and researchers around the world, and when we looked at this more recently, we realized there's a real lack of collaboration going on even within institutions, let alone nationally, let alone globally, and this is not unique to prostate cancer. This is cancer research the world over. 
So, what I know about my Movember journey is that, with a really creative idea, with passion, with persistence, and a lot of patience, four mates, four mustaches, can inspire a room full of people, and that room full of people can go on and inspire a city, and that city is Melbourne, my home. 
So, people want a lot of things out of life, but I think, more than anything else, they want happiness. 
Now in the last 50 years, we Americans have gotten a lot of the things that we want. We're richer. 
But one of the puzzles this has revealed is that factors like these don't seem to have a particularly strong effect. 
Yes, it's better to make more money rather than less, or to graduate from college instead of dropping out, but the differences in happiness tend to be small. 
The idea is that, if we can watch how people's happiness goes up and down over the course of the day, minute to minute in some cases, and try to understand how what people are doing, who they're with, what they're thinking about, and all the other factors that describe our day, how those might relate to those changes in happiness, we might be able to discover some of the things that really have 
We've been fortunate with this project to collect quite a lot of data, a lot more data of this kind than I think has ever been collected before, over 650,000 real-time reports from over 15,000 people. 
And yet it's not clear what the relationship is between our use of this ability and our happiness. 
Since we know people want to be happy, maybe when our minds wander, they're going to someplace happier than the place that they're leaving. It would make a lot of sense. 
In other words, maybe the pleasures of the mind allow us to increase our happiness with mind-wandering. 
People could say no -- in other words, I'm focused only on my task -- or yes -- I am thinking about something else -- and the topic of those thoughts are pleasant, neutral or unpleasant. 
This graph shows happiness on the vertical axis, and you can see that bar there representing how happy people are when they're focused on the present, when they're not mind-wandering. 
As it turns out, people are substantially less happy when their minds are wandering than when they're not. 
Now you might look at this result and say, okay, sure, on average people are less happy when they're mind-wandering, but surely when their minds are straying away from something that wasn't very enjoyable to begin with, at least then mind-wandering should be doing something good for us. 
Nope. As it turns out, people are less happy when they're mind-wandering no matter what they're doing. For example, people don't really like commuting to work very much. 
So how could this be happening? I think part of the reason, a big part of the reason, is that when our minds wander, we often think about unpleasant things, and they are enormously less happy when they do that, our worries, our anxieties, our regrets, and yet even when people are thinking about something neutral, they're still considerably less happy than when they're not mind-wandering at all. 
Even when they're thinking about something they would describe as pleasant, they're actually just slightly less happy than when they aren't mind-wandering. 
We're lucky in this data we have many responses from each person, and so we can look and see, does mind-wandering tend to precede unhappiness, or does unhappiness tend to precede mind-wandering, to get some insight into the causal direction. 
My hope is that over time, by tracking people's moment-to-moment happiness and their experiences in daily life, we'll be able to uncover a lot of important causes of happiness, and then in the end, a scientific understanding of happiness will help us create a future that's not only richer and healthier, but happier as well. 
Now on the surface, this makes a lot of sense, and in 2010, we responded to the tsunami in Chile, the floods in Pakistan, we sent training teams to the Thai-Burma border. 
And so, as we evaluated, and as the dust settled from this tragedy, we realized that, of those two problems -- in the initial iteration of our organization, we were a disaster response organization that was using veteran service. We had a lot of success, and we really felt like we were changing the disaster response paradigm. 
And tornadoes in Tuscaloosa and Joplin, and then later Hurricane Irene, gave us an opportunity to look at that. 
Now I want you to imagine for a second an 18-year-old boy who graduates from high school in Kansas City, Missouri. 
So they're really small, generally, they're square and flat and hard, and frankly, most of them just aren't very attractive, and so my team and I have been thinking of ways to really change and mix up the process and the outcome of designing electronics. 
  So the next step for us in this process is now to find a way to let all of you build things like this, and so the way that we're approaching that is by teaching workshops to people where we explain how they can use these kinds of tools, and then also working to get the tools and the materials and techniques out into the real world in a variety of ways. 
Water and electricity supply are as unpredictable as the weather, and growing up in these tough situations, at the age of 17, I was relaxing with a couple of friends of mine in winter, and we were sunbathing. 
And I sat, and I was like, "Man, I would buy that, eh?" 
The disease leaves eight million people permanently blind each and every year. The shocking part about it is that to avoid being infected with trachoma, all you have to do is wash your face: no medicine, no pills, no injections. 
One of the things we learned was that poor communities don't buy products in bulk. 
They buy products on demand. A person in Alex doesn't buy a box of cigarettes. They buy one cigarette each day, even though it's more expensive. 
Much of the deception is everyday. In fact, a lot of research shows that we all lie once or twice a day, as Dave suggested. 
The other third didn't lie, or perhaps forgot, or you're lying to me about your lying, which is very, very devious.  This fits with a lot of the research, which suggests that lying is very pervasive. 
Now my first professional encounter with deception is a little bit later than these guys, a couple thousand years. 
Chinese Water Army refers to thousands of people in China that are paid small amounts of money to produce content. It could be reviews. It could be propaganda. The government hires these people, companies hire them, all over the place. 
Well, what explains all these studies? What explains the fact that despite our intuitions, mine included, a lot of online communication, technologically-mediated communication, is more honest than face to face? 
That really is strange. How do we explain this? 
If I were to ask you guys, what do you rely on when you're looking at somebody and you want to find out if they're lying? What cue do you pay attention to? 
So there are some pathological liars, but they make up a tiny portion of the population. We lie for a reason. 
A lot of humans have lived since then. 
We've been talking, I guess, about fires and caves and saber-toothed tigers. I don't know what they talked about, but they were doing a lot of talking, and like I said, there's a lot of humans evolving speaking, about 100 billion people in fact. 
Let me highlight a couple of things here in the fake review. The first is that liars tend to think about narrative. They make up a story: Who? And what happened? And that's what happened here. 
So by all means, go ahead and do that, that's good. 
On my desk in my office, I keep a small clay pot that I made in college. It's raku, which is a kind of pottery that began in Japan centuries ago as a way of making bowls for the Japanese tea ceremony. 
you grab the pot, and in Japan, this red-hot pot would be immediately immersed in a solution of green tea, and you can imagine what that steam would smell like. 
The filmmaker Mira Nair speaks about growing up in a small town in India. Its name is Bhubaneswar, and here's a picture of one of the temples in her town. 
We played cricket all the time. We kind of grew up in the rubble. The major thing that inspired me, that led me on this path, that made me a filmmaker eventually, was traveling folk theater that would come through the town and I would go off and see these great battles of good and evil by two people in a school field with no props but with a lot of, you know, 
Richard Ford: I was slow to learn to read, went all the way through school not really reading more than the minimum, and still to this day can't read silently much faster than I can read aloud, but there were a lot of benefits to being dyslexic for me because when I finally did reconcile myself to how slow I was going to have to do it, then I think I came very slowly 
into an appreciation of all of those qualities of language and of sentences that are not just the cognitive aspects of language: the syncopations, the sounds of words, what words look like, where paragraphs break, where lines break. I mean, I wasn't so badly dyslexic that I was disabled from reading. I just had to do it really slowly, and as I did, lingering on those sentences as I had to linger, I fell heir to language's other qualities, 
That's a tough space to stand in. 
That tension resonates in the work of the photographer Joel Meyerowitz, who at the beginning of his career was known for his street photography, for capturing a moment on the street, and also for his beautiful photographs of landscapes -- of Tuscany, of Cape Cod, of light. 
And I asked her, "What would happen if I was a member of the press?" And she told me, "Oh, look back there," and back a block was the press corps tied up in a little penned-in area, and I said, "Well, when do they go in?" 
Looking at these photographs today brings back the smell of smoke that lingered on my clothes when I went home to my family at night. 
So I tried to do a small good thing for my wife. 
I don't know why. I did not ask for a condom. 
That's how all this started, but after making a sanitary pad, where can I check it? 
It's not like I can just check it in the lab. 
"Close your eyes. Whatever I give, it will be not a diamond pendant not a diamond ring, even a chocolate, I will give you a surprise with a lot of tinsel paper rolled up with it. 
They are having a lot of women volunteers around them. 
You know, without them even calling, they'll get a lot of women volunteers. 
A lot of people making a lot of money, billion, billions of dollars accumulating. 
Now when you're talking about trying to travel long distances on rough terrain, I immediately thought of a mountain bike, and a mountain bike's good at doing this because it has a gear train, and you can shift to a low gear if you have to climb a hill or go through mud or sand and you get a lot of torque but a low speed. 
And this ideal product would also be able to go about five kilometers a day so you could get to your job, get to school, and do it on many, many different types of terrain. 
But when you get home or want to go indoors at your work, it's got to be small enough and maneuverable enough to use inside. 
And that moment of inspiration, that key invention moment, was when I was sitting in front of my design notebook and I started thinking about somebody grabbing a lever, and if they grab near the end of the lever, they can get an effectively long lever and produce a lot of torque as they push back and forth, and effectively get a low gear. 
And as they slide their hand down the lever, they can push with a smaller effective lever length, but push through a bigger angle every stroke, which makes a faster rotational speed, and gives you an effective high gear. 
Now the big, important point here is that the person is the complex machine in this system. 
Now, when you want to use the LFC indoors, all you have to do is pull the levers out of the drivetrain, stow them in the frame, and it converts into a normal wheelchair that you can use just like any other normal wheelchair, and we sized it like a normal wheelchair, so it's narrow enough to fit through a standard doorway, it's low enough to fit under a table, and it's small and maneuverable enough to fit in a bathroom 
So I'm an academic at MIT, and I'm a mechanical engineer, so I can do things like look at the type of terrain you want to travel on, and figure out how much resistance it should impose, look at the parts we have available and mix and match them to figure out what sort of gear trains we can use, and then look at the power and force you can get out of your upper body 
Most of you. The average age of a gamer is 33 years old, not eight years old, and in fact, if we look at the projected demographics of video game play, the video game players of tomorrow are older adults.  So video [gaming] is pervasive throughout our society. 
It is clearly here to stay. It has an amazing impact on our everyday life. Consider these statistics released by Activision. After one month of release of the game "Call Of Duty: Black Ops," it had been played worldwide, right? 
Well, guess what? People that don't play a lot of action games, that don't actually spend a lot of time in front of screens, have normal, or what we call corrective-to-normal vision. That's okay. 
The first way is that they're actually able to resolve small detail in the context of clutter, and though that means being able to read the fine print on a prescription rather than using magnifier glasses, you can actually do it with just your eyesight. 
Another saying that I'm sure you have all heard around: Video games lead to attention problems and greater distractability. 
What we can show is that when you do this kind of task with people that play a lot of action games, they actually resolve the conflict faster. 
So clearly playing those action games doesn't lead to attention problems. 
You're going to see yellow happy faces and a few sad blue faces. These are children in the schoolyard in Geneva during a recess during the winter. Most kids are happy. It's actually recess. 
Everybody begins to move around, and your task is to keep track of who had a coat at the beginning and who didn't. So I'm just going to show you an example where there is only one sad kid. It's easy because you can actually track it with your eyes. You can track, you can track, and then when it stops, and there is a question mark, and I ask you, did this kid have a coat or not? 
Please don't move your eyes. Keep your eyes fixated and expand, pull your attention. That's the only way you can actually do it. If you move your eyes, you're doomed. 
A bit more challenging, right?  Yellow or blue? Blue. We have some people that are serious out there. Yeah.  Good. So in the same way that we actually see the effects of video games on people's behavior, we can use brain imaging and look at the impact of video games on the brain, and we do find many changes, but the main changes are actually to the brain networks 
You all know about multitasking. You all have been faulty of multitasking when you're driving and you pick up your cellphone. Bad idea. Very bad idea. 
When we do that, we actually find that people that play a lot of action games are really, really good. 
They switch really fast, very swiftly. They pay a very small cost. 
You can't compare the effect of multimedia-tasking and the effect of playing action games. They have totally different effects on different aspects of cognition, perception and attention. 
I showed that to you already, like we looked at the fact that despite a lot of screen time, those action gamers have a lot of very good vision, etc. 
Here, what was really striking is that these undergraduates that actually report engaging in a lot of high multimedia-tasking are convinced they aced the test. 
There are brain scientists like me that are beginning to understand what are the good ingredients in games to promote positive effects, and that's what I'm going to call the broccoli side of the equation. 
I mean, you have the typical European cities, with a dense urban core, good public transportation mostly, not a lot of road capacity. 
Now, planning a complex social system is a very hard thing to do, and let me tell you a story. 
Back in 1989, when the Berlin Wall fell, an urban planner in London got a phone call from a colleague in Moscow saying, basically, "Hi, this is Vladimir. I'd like to know, who's in charge of London's bread supply?" 
And the urban planner in London goes, "What do you mean, who's in charge of London's — I mean, no one is in charge." 
That's an example of a complex social system and this is a very deep insight. 
When you try to solve really complex social problems, the right thing to do is most of the time to create the incentives. 
Now, one or two euros, that isn't really a lot of money, I mean compared to parking charges and running costs, etc., so you would probably expect that car drivers wouldn't really react to this fairly small charge. 
Now, that's also wrong, because traffic happens to be a nonlinear phenomenon, meaning that once you reach above a certain capacity threshold then congestion starts to increase really, really rapidly. 
If you can reduce traffic even somewhat, then congestion will go down much faster than you might think. 
This shows public support for congestion pricing of Stockholm, and you see that when congestion pricing were introduced in the beginning of Spring 2006, people were fiercely against it. 
And where did they go? If we can understand this, then maybe we can figure out how people can be so happy with this. 
This is the power of nudges when trying to solve complex social problems, and when you do that, you shouldn't try to tell people how to adapt. 
It was the fight of my life. 
I was free to explore life's infinite possibilities. 
I made a booking, and weeks later my friend Chris and my mom drove me out to the airport, all 80 pounds of me covered in a plaster body cast in a baggy pair of overalls.  I can tell you, I did not look like the ideal candidate to get a pilot's license.  I'm holding on to the counter because I can't stand. 
And then it no longer matters what you look like, where you come from, or what you do for a living. 
And so the thousands of young Muslim men who flocked to Afghanistan in the 1980s to fight against the Soviet occupation of a Muslim country, in their minds they were fighting a jihad, they were doing jihad, and they named themselves the Mujahideen, which is a word that comes from the same root as jihad. 
We thought of them as holy warriors who were taking the good fight to the ungodly communists. 
But within that group, a tiny, smaller group, a minority within a minority within a minority, were coming up with a new and dangerous conception of jihad, and in time this group would come to be led by Osama bin Laden, and he refined the idea. 
A year ago I was in Tunis, and I met the imam of a very small mosque, an old man. 
They had never paid him any attention before -- old man, small mosque -- but now they began to pay visits, and sometimes they would drag him in for questions, and always the same question: "Why did you name your granddaughter Jihad? 
The supply of young men willing to fight and die for this cause is dwindling. 
Does it mean we can break out the champagne, wash our hands of it, disengage, sleep easy at night? 
And so there's now a lot of different violent jihads all over the world. 
More often than not, it's a power struggle in one country, or even a small region within one country. 
We know how to fight it now. 
We have the tools. We have the knowhow, and we can take the lessons we've learned from the fight against global jihad, the victory against global jihad, and apply those to local jihad. 
In reality, it was the beginning of the end for him. 
Who killed bin Ladenism? Al Jazeera did, Al Jazeera and half a dozen other satellite news stations in Arabic, because they circumvented the old, state-owned television stations in a lot of these countries which were designed to keep information from people. 
The good news, again, is that a lot of the things they need we already have, and we are very good at giving: economic assistance, not just money, but expertise, technology, knowhow, private investment, fair terms of trade, medicine, education, technical support for training for their police forces to become more effective, for their anti-terror forces to become more efficient. 
I live in New York now. Just this week, posters have gone up in subway stations in New York that describe jihad as savage. 
He'd spent 10,000 dollars to buy a website that exclusively featured women having sex on top of or inside of luxury sports cars.  It was my first week in federal prison, and I was learning quickly that it wasn't what you see on TV. 
But they didn't spend a lot of time reliving the glory days. 
First, everything's marked up 30 to 50 percent from what you'd pay on the street, and second, you don't make a lot of money. 
You want a dirty magazine? 
Cut school Friday, catch the subway downtown, check out my victims hangin' around. 
Maybe I'll get lucky and find easy prey. 
While laying there dying, all he could say was, "Please man, don't take my Air Jordans away." 
And in 1996, I found the answer in principles in a master spoken-word artist named Reg E. Gaines, who wrote the famous poem, "Please Don't Take My Air Jordans." 
Then one day I told him, "Reg E., what is subordination for verbal measures to tonal consideration?"  And he handed me a black-and-white printed out thesis on a poet named Etheridge Knight and the oral nature of poetry, and from that point, Reggie stopped becoming the best to me, because what Etheridge Knight taught me was that I could make my words sound like music, even my small ones, the monosyllables, 
The biggest lesson I learned was many years later when I went to Beverly Hills and I ran into a talent agent who looked at me up and down and said I don't look like I have any experience to be working in this business. 
It costs a lot of money, a lot of time, and sometimes, even when a drug hits the market, it acts in an unpredictable way and actually hurts people. 
And the later it fails, the worse the consequences. 
Going forward, imagine a massively parallel version of this with thousands of pieces of human tissue. 
But another thing about these induced pluripotent stem cells is that if we take some skin cells, let's say, from people with a genetic disease and we engineer tissues out of them, we can actually use tissue-engineering techniques to generate models of those diseases in the lab. 
So with disease models like these, we can fight back faster than ever before and understand the disease better than ever before, and maybe discover drugs even faster. 
It's a disease that runs in my family, and we really hope that cells like these will help us find a cure. 
This is an example that you might care about someday, and I hope you never do, because imagine if you ever get that call that gives you that bad news that you might have cancer. 
And some of our colleagues at Tufts are mixing models like these with tissue-engineered bone to see how cancer might spread from one part of the body to the next, and you can imagine those kinds of multi-tissue chips to be the next generation of these kinds of studies. 
And so thinking about the models that we've just discussed, you can see, going forward, that tissue engineering is actually poised to help revolutionize drug screening at every single step of the path: disease models making for better drug formulations, massively parallel human tissue models helping to revolutionize lab testing, reduce animal testing and human testing in clinical trials, and individualized therapies that disrupt what we even consider to be a market at all. 
The Wright Brothers, in the beginning of the last century, had for the first time managed to make one of those devices fly. 
So there was a bit of a conflict there. 
Not so for Nelson. He wasn't rich enough, and not so for his three-year-old son, who he discovered a year later also had HIV. 
Treatment programs became possible, funding became available, and the number of people on antiretroviral drugs started to increase very rapidly. 
So you can imagine that if you are a generic company about to decide whether to invest in the development of this product, unless you know that the licenses to these patents are actually going to be available, you will probably choose to do something else. 
They can also choose not to do that, but those that go down that road may end up in a similar situation the Wright brothers ended up with early last century, facing forcible measures by government. So they'd better jump now. 
This is poo, and what I want to do today is share my passion for poo with you, which might be quite difficult, but I think what you might find more fascinating is the way these small animals deal with poo. 
So the question is, how do they deal with this material? 
And then he's about to become a victim of a vicious smash-and-grab.  And this is a clear indication that this is a valuable resource. 
So what you've got to imagine here is this animal here moving across the African veld. 
It's the most bizarre way to actually transport your food in any particular direction, and at the same time it's got to deal with the heat. 
So what I want to share with you now are some of the experiments that myself and my colleagues have used to investigate how dung beetles deal with these problems. 
The first is how it deals with this obstacle that we've put in its way. See, look, it does a little dance, and then it carries on in exactly the same direction that it took in the first place. 
So clearly this animal knows where it's going and it knows where it wants to go, and that's a very, very important thing, because if you think about it, you're at the dung pile, you've got this great big pie that you want to get away from everybody else, and the quickest way to do it is in a straight line. 
But how do they pick up those celestial cues? 
He knows exactly what the problem is, and he knows exactly how to deal with it, and the dance is this transition behavior that allows them to reorientate themselves. 
And what I want you to notice is the outward path compared to the homeward path, and compare the two. 
So for a small animal dealing with a fairly revolting substance we can actually learn an awful lot from these things doing behaviors that you and I couldn't possibly do. 
You go to the hotel and you check in. There's a Lebanese. 
Why is that? Are you too tired to go all the way around? 
The key, to my Arab brothers and sisters, is to throw in random good words to put people at ease as you're walking down the aisle. 
So it's a real-time thing. It's much quicker. It's happening on a constant basis, and the journalist is always playing catch up. 
Thirty seconds later news of that earthquake had traveled all around the world, instantly. Everyone in the world, hypothetically, had the potential to know that an earthquake was happening in Managua. 
More than three and a half thousand photos go up onto Facebook. 
And that meant that journalists had to deal with fakes, so we had to deal with old photos that were being reposted. 
We had to deal with composite images that were merging photos from previous storms. 
We had to deal with images from films like "The Day After Tomorrow."  And we had to deal with images that were so realistic it was nearly difficult to tell if they were real at all. 
Well, it can be quite difficult, but you have to know what to look for. 
The first one was called Spokeo, which allowed us to look for Rita Krills. 
So we went and we looked for a second free Internet tool called Wolfram Alpha, and we checked the weather reports for the day in which this video had been uploaded, and when we went through all those various cities, we found that in Florida, there were thunderstorms and rain on the day. 
And we found a house with a swimming pool that looked remarkably like Rita's. So we went back to the video, and we had to look for clues that we could cross-reference. 
Syria has been really interesting for us, because obviously a lot of the time you're trying to debunk stuff that can be potentially war crime evidence, so this is where YouTube actually becomes the most important repository of information about what's going on in the world. 
So we go a bit further. We switch to the satellite view, and we find another bridge, and everything starts to line up. 
And that's part of the joy of this. Although the web is running like a torrent, there's so much information there that it's incredibly hard to sift and getting harder every day, if you use them intelligently, you can find out incredible information. 
Given a couple of clues, I could probably find out a lot of things about most of you in the audience that you might not like me finding out. 
We have free Internet tools that allow us, help us do this kind of investigation. 
No matter how quick we get with computers, no matter how much information we have, you'll never be able to remove the human from the truth-seeking exercise, because in the end, it is a uniquely human trait. 
I essentially drag sledges for a living, so it doesn't take an awful lot to flummox me intellectually, but I'm going to read this question from an interview earlier this year: "Philosophically, does the constant supply of information steal our ability to imagine or replace our dreams of achieving? 
I'm not sure that's the most progressive or 21st-century of job titles, but I've spent more than two percent now of my entire life living in a tent inside the Arctic Circle, so I get out of the house a fair bit. 
And my answer must at once be, it is no use. 
A lot of experts were saying it was impossible, and my mum certainly wasn't very keen on the idea. 
 The journey from a small weather station on the north coast of Siberia up to my final starting point, the edge of the pack ice, the coast of the Arctic Ocean, took about five hours, and if anyone watched fearless Felix Baumgartner going up, rather than just coming down, you'll appreciate the sense of apprehension, as I sat in a helicopter thundering north, and the sense, I think if anything, of impending doom. 
There was a bit of fun, a bit of joy. 
We were both thundering through this incredible Siberian dawn, and part of me felt a bit like a cross between Jason Bourne and Wilfred Thesiger. Part of me felt quite proud of myself, but mostly I was just utterly terrified. 
I can try to tell you what it was like, but you'll never know what it was like, and the more I try to explain that I felt lonely, I was the only human being in 5.4 million square-miles, it was cold, nearly minus 75 with windchill on a bad day, the more words fall short, and I'm unable to do it justice. 
I can't explain quite how good it is until you've tried it, but it has the capacity to burn up all the money I can get my hands on, to ruin every relationship I've ever had, so be careful what you wish for. 
Mallory postulated that there is something in man that responds to the challenge of the mountain, and I wonder if that's the case whether there's something in the challenge itself, in the endeavor, and particularly in the big, unfinished, chunky challenges that face humanity that call out to us, and in my experience that's certainly the case. 
Scott set out just over a hundred years ago to try to become the first person to reach the South Pole. 
I'd imagine pretty bitter and demoralized. 
And it'll also be a four-month chance for me to finally come up with a pithy answer to the question, "Why?" 
Each Zipcar replaces 15 personal cars, and each driver drives about 80 percent less because they're now paying the full cost, all at once, in real time. 
But what's really happening is that we've got the power of a free and open Internet, and on top of that we're putting a platform for participation, and the peers are now in partnership with the company, creating shared value on shared values, and each strengthening the other, and doing what the other can't do. 
It delivers localization and customization, specialization, and all of this aspect about social networks and how companies are yearning and eager to get inside there? 
It's a phenomenal thing. It's the equivalent of 2,500 TGV trains, and just think, they didn't have to lay a track or buy a car. 
This Peers, Inc. concept is in a very difficult and complex realm. 
TopCoder has 400,000 engineers who are delivering complex design and engineering services. 
I think of the difference of Google Video versus YouTube. 
We can flag that and we can put it to the side, and people who are buyers and consumers don't have to deal with it. 
And after a year, we have 1,000 cars that are parked across France and 6,000 people who are members and eager to drive them. 
And the peers also become, peers and owners create relationships, and so at the last minute people can -- a driver can say, "Hey, you know what, I really need the car, is it available?" And that person will say, "Sure, my wife's at home. Go pick up the keys. Go do it." 
type of thing that's happening here, because individuals, if you're a company, what happens is you might have 10 people who are in charge of innovation, or 100 people who are in charge of innovation. 
And for me, when I think about our future, and all of those problems that seem incredibly large, the scale is impossible, the urgency is there, Peers, Inc. provides the speed and scale and the innovation and the creativity that is going to answer these problems. 
That's right. According to scientists, a cheese sandwich is the solution to all your tough decisions. 
So the media oversimplified a few things, but in the end, it's just a news story. 
And I think a lot of scientists have this attitude. 
And in some cases, oxytocin can even decrease cooperation. 
This sounds great. A lot of people agree. 
Ask the tough questions. Ask to see the evidence. 
Ask for the part of the story that's not being told. 
I will try to explain to you about the context of why and when I posted. 
And later on in the night, I woke up because I'm always waking up in the night, and I went by the computer and I see all these red dots, you know, on Facebook, which I've never seen before. 
The day after, when really it became a lot of talking, I said to myself, and my wife said to me, I also want a poster, so this is her.  Because it's working, put me in a poster now. 
And it became really big at some point. 
And we were just at the beginning of the story. 
Every time a country started talking about it, like Germany, America, wherever, a page on Facebook popped up with the same logo with the same stories, so at the beginning sitting in Tehran, saying, "Okay, Israel loves Iran? 
Some girl that we met on Facebook never been in Israel, born and raised in Iran, lives in Germany, afraid of Israelis because of what she knows about us, decides after a few months of talking on the Internet with some Israelis to come to Israel, and she gets on the plane and arrives at Ben Gurion and says, "Okay, not that big a deal." 
And I'm not that naive, because a lot of the time I've been asked, many times I've been asked, "Yeah, but, this is really naive, sending flowers over, I mean — " I was in the army. I was in the paratroopers for three years, and I know how it looks from the ground. 
He said, you know, there's this fiscal cliff coming, it's going to come at the beginning of 2013. 
But as you can also see, projected going forward, the gap widens a bit and raises a bit, and this graph is only through 2021. 
And this view generally believes that there is a role for government, a small role, to set the rules so people aren't lying and cheating and hurting each other, maybe, you know, have a police force and a fire department and an army, but to have a very limited reach into the mechanisms of this machinery. 
And when I picture how Democrats and Democratic-leaning economists picture this economy, most Democratic economists are, you know, they're capitalists, they believe, yes, that's a good system a lot of the time. 
That machine doesn't care about the environment, about racism, about all these issues that make this life worse for all of us, and so the government does have a role to take resources from more productive uses, or from richer sources, and give them to other sources. 
And I can get really despairing. I've spent a lot of the last few years really depressed about this, until this year, I learned something that I felt really excited about. I feel like it's really good news, and it's so shocking, I don't like saying it, because I think people won't believe me. 
But let me explain what I'm thinking. 
Reduce Medicare for very wealthy seniors, seniors who make a lot of money. Don't even eliminate it. Just reduce it. 
A tiny little sliver call themselves libertarians, or socialists, or some other small third party, and the largest block, 40 percent, say they're independents. 
Now we get to fight about all sorts of other issues. 
I talk to a lot of economists, and back in the '70s and '80s it was ugly being an economist. 
You were a free market capitalist economist or you were a Keynesian liberal economist, and these people didn't go to each other's weddings, they snubbed each other at conferences. 
The 20th century, the last hundred years, is riddled with disastrous examples of times that one school or the other tried to explain the past or predict the future and just did an awful, awful job, so the economics profession has acquired some degree of modesty. 
I've spent a lot of the fall talking to the three major organizations that survey American political attitudes: Pew Research, the University of Chicago's National Opinion Research Center, and the most important but the least known is the American National Election Studies group that is the world's longest, most respected poll of political attitudes. 
Those groups are very, very small. 
The vast majority of people, they pick and choose, they see compromise and they change over time when they hear a better argument or a worse argument. 
So what we have, then, when you think about the fiscal cliff, don't think of it as the American people fundamentally can't stand each other on these issues and that we must be ripped apart into two separate warring nations. 
Think of it as a tiny, tiny number of ancient economists and misrepresentative ideologues have captured the process. 
And they've captured the process through familiar ways, through a primary system which encourages that small group of people's voices, because that small group of people, the people who answer all yeses or all noes on those ideological questions, they might be small but every one of them has a blog, every one of them has been on Fox or MSNBC in the last week. 
And this long-term fiscal picture that we're in right now, I think what is most maddening about it is, if Congress were simply able to show not that they agree with each other, not that they're able to come up with the best possible compromise, but that they are able to just begin the process towards compromise, we all instantly are better off. 
So I'm in the media. I feel like my job to make this happen is to help foster the things that seem to lead to compromise, to not talk about this in those vague and scary terms that do polarize us, but to just talk about it like what it is, not an existential crisis, not some battle between two fundamentally different religious views, but a math problem, a really solvable math problem, 
Now, when you talk about dangerous animals, most people might think of lions or tigers or sharks. 
If it was the case, we wouldn't have between 200 and 300 million cases of malaria every year, and we wouldn't have a million and a half deaths from malaria, and we wouldn't have a disease that was relatively unknown 50 years ago now suddenly turned into the largest mosquito-borne virus threat that we have, and that's called dengue fever. 
Now the odd thing is, is that once you've been bitten by this mosquito, and you've had this disease, your body develops antibodies, so if you're bitten again with that strain, it doesn't affect you. 
So the next time you get dengue fever, if it's a different strain, you're more susceptible, you're likely to get worse symptoms, and you're more likely to get the more severe forms, hemorrhagic fever or shock syndrome. 
They will lay their eggs in clear water, any pool, any puddle, any birdbath, any flower pot, anywhere there's clear water, they'll lay their eggs, and if that clear water is near freight, it's near a port, if it's anywhere near transport, those eggs will then get transported around the world. 
This is really unpleasant stuff, and if it was any good, we wouldn't have this massive increase in mosquitos and we wouldn't have this massive increase in dengue fever. 
We want something that gets that population right the way down so it can't get the disease transmission. 
So the males will go out, they'll look for females, they'll mate. If they mate successfully, then no offspring. 
So we've done field trials now in the Cayman Islands, a small one in Malaysia, and two more now in Brazil. 
In about four months of release, we've brought that population of mosquitos — in most cases we're dealing with villages here of about 2,000, 3,000 people, that sort of size, starting small — we've taken that mosquito population down by about 85 percent in about four months. 
We can produce them, in a space a bit more than this red carpet, I can produce about 20 million a week. 
The males have been put in little pots and the truck is going down the road and they are releasing males as they go. 
You want to release them so that you get good coverage of your area. 
I'm in favor of particularly where the older technologies don't work well or have become unacceptable. 
And although the techniques are similar, the outcomes are very, very different, and if you take our approach, for example, and you compare it to, say, G.M. crops, both techniques are trying to produce a massive benefit. 
Hansen says we can expect about a five-meter rise in sea levels. 
This is what a five-meter rise in sea levels would look like. 
This graph shows the national debt as a percentage of America's GDP, and as you see, if you go all the way back to the founding, we borrowed a lot of money to fight the Revolutionary War. 
Borrow a lot of money, pay it off, pay it off, pay it off, get down to near zero, and bang! -- World War I. 
Think of it like this. 
We can fight as a team, as a unit. 
Well, in the last 12 years it's become much more apparent that it is. 
And we will never again have a large group of conservative southern Democrats and liberal northern Republicans making it easy, making there be a lot of overlap for bipartisan cooperation. 
So for a lot of reasons, those decades after the Second World War were an historically anomalous time. 
But there's a lot that we can do. There are dozens and dozens of reforms we can do that will make things better, because a lot of our dysfunction can be traced directly to things that Congress did to itself in the 1990s that created a much more polarized and dysfunctional institution. 
So there are a lot of reforms we could do that will counteract this. 
But beginning in the 1990s, first the House of Representatives changed its legislative calendar so that all business is basically done in the middle of the week. 
They earn a lot of money, they invest that money in their kids, some of them become tiger mothers, the kids rise to their full potential, and the kids go on to become the top two lines in this graph. 
Please raise your hand right now if you're willing to admit that all four of these are national problems. 
Please raise your hands. 
But are conservatives happy about this? 
And so, because the prison-industrial complex is bankrupting our states and corroding our souls, groups of fiscal conservatives and Christian conservatives have come together to form a group called Right on Crime. 
Let us therefore go to battle stations, not to fight each other, but to begin deflecting these incoming asteroids. 
And the incredibly unexpected thing is that other people seem to see and feel that too. 
So I loved writing so much that I'd come home from school, and I would take out pieces of paper, and I would staple them together, and I would fill those blank pages with words and pictures just because I loved using my imagination. 
Very wise man, because he knew I would, I felt like I was making the decision on my own, and he knew I wouldn't choose St. John's, so I went to Holy Name High School, which was a tough transition because, like I said, I didn't play sports, and it was very focused on sports, but I took solace in Mr. Shilale's art room. 
And I took the headmaster to task and then I also wrote an ongoing story about a boy named Wesley who was unlucky in love, and I just swore up and down that this wasn't about me, but all these years later it was totally me. 
But it was so cool because I could write these stories, I could come up with these ideas, and they'd be published in the school paper, and people who I didn't know could read them. 
Please let me know if you're ever in New York City." 
The local bookstore made a big deal of it. 
I'm expecting the release of a chapter book called "Platypus Police Squad: The Frog Who Croaked." 
"Punk Farm" and "Lunch Lady" are in development to be movies, so I am a movie producer and I really do think, thanks to that video camera I was given in ninth grade. 
Now during the clinical trial, she'd been given all her antiretroviral drugs free of charge, and her transportation costs had been covered by the research funds. 
On the contrary, clinical trials are extremely useful tools, and are much needed to address the burden of disease in developing countries. 
Sadly enough, the fact remains that a lot of the studies that are conducted in developing countries could never be authorized in the richer countries which fund the research. 
This is especially important in developing countries, where a lot of participants consent to research because they believe it is the only way in which they can receive medical care or other benefits. 
Consent procedures that are used in richer countries in a lot of developing countries. 
Now, this is subject to a lot of debate and controversy. 
Unfortunately, this is often lacking or inefficient in a lot of developing countries. 
I think it is absolutely wrong for research to begin in the first place without a clear plan for what would happen to the participants once the trial has ended. 
I was able to get her enrolled into a free HIV treatment program and with a support group to help her cope. 
And they were competitive about this: "You pommies, your rates of heart disease are shocking." 
Australians have about a third less heart disease than we do -- less deaths from heart attacks, heart failure, less strokes -- they're generally a healthier bunch. 
I'm from Edinburgh. Worse news, that's even Edinburgh. 
And vitamin D has had a great deal of press, and a lot of people get concerned about it. 
But an association: The higher people's blood levels of vitamin D are, the less heart disease they have, the less cancer. 
There seems to be a lot of data suggesting that vitamin D is very good for you. 
And they were the first people to describe this new chemical transmitter, nitric oxide. 
And what was remarkable about it was in the past when we think of chemical messengers within the body, we thought of complicated things like estrogen and insulin, or nerve transmission. 
Very complex processes with very complex chemicals that fit into very complex receptors. 
And I was interested in these really complex systems. 
So they're really an ideal model. 
And we then thought to ourselves, with those big stores, I wonder if sunlight might activate those stores and release them from the skin, where the stores are about 10 times as big as what's in the circulation. 
Not by much, as an individual level, but enough at a population level to shift the rates of heart disease in a whole population. 
A few good things here: This appeared to be more marked in older people. 
But certainly in people older than my wife, this appears to be a more marked effect. 
If your leg is chopped off and you lose blood, your body will clamp down, increase the heart rate, do everything it can to keep your blood pressure up. 
So we thought we'd just kind of model -- Different amounts of UV hit different parts of the Earth at different times of year, so you can actually work out those stores of nitric oxide -- the nitrates, nitrites, nitrosothiols in the skin -- cleave to release NO. 
We think it probably accounts for a lot of the north-south health divide within Britain, It's of relevance to us. 
We suspect a lot of these come from diet, green leafy vegetables, beetroot, lettuce has a lot of these nitric oxides that we think go to the skin. 
Yes, sunlight is the major alterable risk factor for skin cancer, but deaths from heart disease are a hundred times higher than deaths from skin cancer. 
In particular, nobody wants an operation with tools like these through large incisions that cause a lot of pain, that cause a lot of time out of work or out of school, that leave a big scar. 
And eventually, if you're lucky, you achieve mastery. 
We need to make the world a smaller place. 
So here's what we think we want to do: Imagine giving a lecture and being able to talk to people in their own native language simultaneously. 
This is research -- can't buy it. 
More to come as we think about trying to make the world a smaller place. 
Now go ahead and cut. 
I can think of a million uses for a tool like this. 
In order to break down our barriers, we have to learn to talk to people, to demand that people work on translation. 
We need it for our everyday life, in order to make the world a smaller place. 
Perhaps their art is something only their parents can bear, and because they practice such art all day long, people honestly get a little tired around kids. 
And some kids, when they get a bit older, start to lie. 
Now, an ideal parent is someone who responds like this: "Really? An alien, huh? What did it look like? Did it say anything? 
When you have a conversation like this, the kid has to come up with the next thing to say to be responsible for what he started. 
They don't get tired and they have fun doing it. 
But some of them spend a lot of time in the sand, making mountains and seas -- well, not seas, but different things -- people and dogs, etc. 
They aren't told by their boss or anyone, they just do it. 
In that moment, art makes you happy because it's not work. 
It's a bit mischievous, actually. 
There were a lot of girls there as well, so I was utterly mortified. 
If he was an ideal teacher, he would have responded like I said before, "Young-ha may not have a talent for drawing, but he has a gift for making up stories," and he would have encouraged me. 
Contemporary art, I later discovered, isn't explained by a lame story like mine. 
Unfortunately, the little artists within us are choked to death before we get to fight against the oppressors of art. 
Our artistic desire doesn't go away. 
Students at first wonder whether they can actually do it, but later they have so much fun. I rarely see anyone who is miserable doing a play. 
You have to run fast so the devil can't catch up. 
Mostly, they have the faces of our parents.  Sometimes they look like our spouses, but they are not your parents or spouses. 
It helps us express ourselves and be happy without the help of alcohol or drugs. 
"Well, just for the fun of it. Sorry for having fun without you," is what you should say. "I'll just go ahead and do it anyway." 
The ideal future I imagine is where we all have multiple identities, at least one of which is an artist. 
And so I'm so excited to discuss this with them, and I come in and I say, "Can somebody please explain the main ideas and why this is so cool?" 
So the only thing I can think of is say, "Listen. Let me tell you a story. 
The real bacteria and viruses are so small we can't see them without a microscope, and you guys might know bacteria and viruses because they both make us sick. 
But what a lot of people don't know is that viruses can also make bacteria sick." 
Once upon a time there's this happy little bacterium. 
Here, this cloaked, secret agent virus is slipping his DNA into the bacterial cell, but here's the kicker: It doesn't do anything harmful -- not at first. 
So we have this field of science that's all about slime, and color changes. Check this out. 
So we are so lucky that we have resources like the Internet, where we can circumvent these institutions from the bottom up. 
I dream of a Wikipedia-like website that would explain any scientific concept you can think of in simple language any middle schooler can understand. 
And I myself spend most of my free time making these science videos that I put on YouTube. 
I explain chemical equilibrium using analogies to awkward middle school dances, and I talk about fuel cells with stories about boys and girls at a summer camp. 
Pick up a camera, start to write a blog, whatever, but leave out the seriousness, leave out the jargon. 
So think, for instance, of someone who has a recurring but unpredictable medical condition, or somebody who's caring for a dependent adult, or a parent with complex child care needs. 
So in this example, a distribution company has said, we've got a rush order that we've got to get out of the warehouse tomorrow morning. 
It analyzes supply and demand and pricing and tells you where your next wave of opportunities are coming from. 
They asked governments for supporting regulatory regimes, and in a lot of cases they got it. 
This act defines what a national lottery will look like. 
So imagine that policymakers outlined a facility. 
Think of it as a regulated public utility. 
And it's a series of markets for low-level trade that can be fulfilled by a person or a small company. 
It's about public spending going through these markets to buy public services at the local level. 
So imagine that the operators make their return by building a percentage markup into each transaction. 
And imagine that the consortia who bid to run it are told, whoever comes in at the lowest percentage markup on each transaction to fund the whole thing will get the deal. 
Either they are going to unlock an awful lot of economic opportunity and make a percentage on all of it or it's all going to crash and burn, which is tough on their shareholders. 
Because they would have to get a lot of these small transactions going to start making their return. 
So we're talking about sectors like home hair care, the hire of toys, farm work, hire of clothes even, meals delivered to your door, services for tourists, home care. 
This would be a world of very small trades, but very well-informed, because national e-markets will deliver data. 
So it's small trades by small people, but it's very informed, safe, convenient, low-overhead and immediate. 
That's what a lot of people said about turbo trading in financial exchanges 20 years ago. 
So I started taking a look at them.  I saw one of them that featured a kitten and her mom and wishing her mom a happy Mother's Day. 
Another one was an interactive project where, when you moved the mouse over the letters of "Happy Mom Day," it reveals a special happy Mother's Day slogan. 
 In this one, the creator told a narrative about how she had Googled to find out when Mother's Day was happening. 
I was happy because these kids were using Scratch just in the way that we had hoped that they would. 
Now maybe you won't be so surprised by this, because a lot of times people feel that young people today can do all sorts of things with technology. 
You know, just at the beginning of this year, at the turn of the new year, New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg made a New Year's resolution that he was going to learn to code in 2012. 
Now, for some of you, when you hear about this, it might seem sort of strange about everybody learning to code. 
When many people think of coding, they think of it as something that only a very narrow sub-community of people are going to be doing, and they think of coding looking like this. 
So there's a new block that says how much video motion there is, and then, if there's so much video motion, it will then tell the balloon to pop. 
And when I went to one of the clubhouses a couple years ago, I saw a 13-year-old boy who was using our Scratch software to create a game somewhat like this one, and he was very happy with his game and proud of his game, but also he wanted to do more. 
So this was a game where the big fish eats the little fish, but he wanted to keep score, so that each time the big fish eats the little fish, the score would go up and it would keep track, and he didn't know how to do that. 
So I showed this to the clubhouse member -- let's call him Victor -- and Victor, when he saw that this block would let him increment the score, he knew exactly what to do. 
He took the block and he put it into the program exactly where the big fish eats the little fish. 
So he was learning many different core principles of design, about how to experiment with new ideas, how to take complex ideas and break them down into simpler parts, how to collaborate with other people on your projects, about how to find and fix bugs when things go wrong, how to keep persistent and to persevere in the face of frustrations when things aren't working well. 
So she made this project for my birthday and sent me a happy birthday Scratch card. 
I am in charge of making this country's food secure. 
I don't know if this was a reaction to lack of water. 
Cities were totally wiped out because of the lack of water. 
And that is a lot of water. 
Organic chemists make molecules, very complicated molecules, by chopping up a big molecule into small molecules and reverse engineering. 
I worked a lot of late nights. I worked a lot of weekends, and I found myself never having time for all the projects that I wanted to work on on my own. 
So the day -- the first time that I forgot, it really hurt me, because it's something that I really wanted to -- from the moment that I turned 30, I wanted to keep this project going until forever, and having missed that one second, I realized, it just kind of created this thing in my head where I never forgot ever again. 
Personally, I'm tired of forgetting, and this is a really easy thing to do. 
And I don't know, I think this project has a lot of possibilities, and I encourage you all to record just a small snippet of your life every day, so you can never forget that that day, you lived. 
He screeched that he would block the financing. 
"Why did you throw away the shutters?" I asked him. 
The paint on the walls did not feed children, nor did it tend the sick or educate the ignorant, but it gave hope and light, and helped to make people see there could be a different way of doing things, a different spirit, a different feel to our lives, and that if we brought the same energy and hope to our politics, we could build a better life for each other and for our country. 
When I told the World Bank directors that I wanted them to finance a project to build a model reception hall for citizens precisely in order to fight endemic daily corruption, they did not understand me. 
We built the bright new reception hall that made people, Tirana citizens, think they had traveled abroad when they entered to make their requests. 
Seen from those stairs, all politicians today seem the same, and politics has come to resemble a sport that inspires more aggressiveness and pessimism than social cohesion and the desire for civic protaganism. 
When people say nothing can change, just stop and think what the world was like 10, 20, 50, 100 years ago. 
I gave you a very small example of how one thing, the use of color, can make change happen. 
A lot of potential of young children is wasted. 
But actually, if you look at how countries come out on this picture, you see there are a lot of countries that actually are combining excellence with equity. 
In fact, one of the most important lessons from this comparison is that you don't have to compromise equity to achieve excellence. 
And that also challenges the paradigms of many school systems that believe they are mainly there to sort people. 
What you see is that two countries with similar spending achieve very different results. 
But, you know, parents and teachers and policymakers in Luxembourg all like small classes. 
You know, it's very pleasant to walk into a small class. 
The first thing you can see is that the bubbles were a lot smaller, no? 
A lot was done to increase the life chances of students with an immigrant background or from social disadvantage. 
Or traditionally, the German education divides children at the age of 10, very young children, between those deemed to pursue careers of knowledge workers and those who would end up working for the knowledge workers, and that mainly along socioeconomic lines, and that paradigm is being challenged now too. 
A lot of change. 
In the year 2000, Korea did already very well, but the Koreans were concerned that only a small share of their students achieved the really high levels of excellence. 
So what you can actually see, there's been a lot of change. 
You know, students are divided up, reflecting the belief that only some children can achieve world-class standards. 
If you go to Japan in Asia, or Finland in Europe, parents and teachers in those countries expect every student to succeed, and you can see that actually mirrored in student behavior. 
In bureaucratic school systems, teachers are often left alone in classrooms with a lot of prescription on what they should be teaching. 
High-performing systems are very clear what good performance is. 
High performers have moved on from professional or from administrative forms of accountability and control -- sort of, how do you check whether people do what they're supposed to do in education -- to professional forms of work organization. 
And the most impressive outcomes of world-class systems is that they achieve high performance across the entire system. 
But there's an intriguing solution which is coming To explain what this means and what this thing is, please let me quickly take a couple of steps back. 
In a nutshell, you can think of physics as follows. 
This paradox is what got me interested in complex systems. 
Interestingly, complex systems are very hard to map into mathematical equations, so the usual physics approach doesn't really work here. 
So what do we know about complex systems? 
Well, it turns out that what looks like complex behavior from the outside is actually the result of a few simple rules of interaction. 
And it gets even better, because most complex systems have this amazing property called emergence. 
And all of this also means that you can forget about the individual parts of the system, how complex they are. 
As a result, networks are ideal representations of complex systems. 
So what equations are for physics, complex networks are for the study of complex systems. 
This approach has been very successfully applied to many complex systems in physics, biology, computer science, the social sciences, but what about economics? 
Well, as ownership is related to control, as I shall explain later, looking at ownership networks actually can give you answers to questions like, who are the key players? 
This is a lot of data, and because we wanted to find out who rules the world, we decided to focus on transnational corporations, or TNCs for short. 
Thirty-six percent of the TNCs are in the core only, but they make up 95 percent of the total operating revenue Okay, so now we analyzed the structure, so how does this relate to the control? 
About 10 years ago, Mr. Tronchetti Provera had ownership and control in a small company, which had ownership and control in a bigger company. 
Let me explain by giving you this analogy. 
Now remember, we started out with 600,000 nodes, so these 737 top players make up a bit more than 0.1 percent. 
So you should take the exact numbers in our study with a grain of salt, yet it "gave us a tantalizing glimpse of a brave new world of finance." 
A crisis of desire, as in owning the wanting -- desire as an expression of our individuality, of our free choice, of our preferences, of our identity -- desire that has become a central concept as part of modern love and individualistic societies. 
 So we come to one person, and we basically are asking them to give us what once an entire village used to provide. 
Basically, when I get back in touch with my ability to imagine myself with my partner, when my imagination comes back in the picture, and when I can root it in absence and in longing, which is a major component of desire. 
Needing them is a shot down and women have known that forever, because anything that will bring up parenthood will usually decrease the erotic charge. 
We are the only ones who can make love for hours, have a blissful time, multiple orgasms, and touch nobody, just because we can imagine it. 
The ability to imagine it, as if it's happening, to experience it as if it's happening, while nothing is happening and everything is happening, at the same time. 
And people began to say, "I turn myself off when I feel dead inside, when I don't like my body, when I feel old, when I haven't had time for myself, when I haven't had a chance to even check in with you, when I don't perform well at work, when I feel low self esteem, when I don't have a sense of self-worth, when I don't feel like I have a right to want, to take, 
Now, if you are dead inside, the other person can do a lot of things for Valentine's. 
That's the beginning of desire, that exploratory need, curiosity, discovery. 
Because in the beginning, the growing intimacy wasn't yet so strong that it actually led to the decrease of desire. 
One, they have a lot of sexual privacy. 
And by joining the OECD, they were affirming a common commitment to democracy, open markets and free trade. 
My language would force me to tell you whether or not this was an uncle on my mother's side or my father's side, whether this was an uncle by marriage or by birth, and if this man was my father's brother, whether he was older than or younger than my father. 
One way to imagine that is I gather large datasets from around the world. 
 So imagine that you're a retired household in Belgium and someone comes to your front door. 
Now even after all of this granular level of control, do futureless language speakers seem to save more? 
What we should expect then is the opposite effect. 
This same mechanism, we hope, will allow these patients, not only to imagine again the movements that they want to make and translate them into movements of this new body, but for this body to be assimilated as the new body that the brain controls. 
And I was five years old, and I never understood why NASA didn't hire Captain Kirk and Spock to do the job; after all, they were very proficient -- but just seeing that as a kid made me believe, as my grandmother used to tell me, that "impossible is just the possible that someone has not put in enough effort to make it come true." 
I found out later that they are uncomfortable, but I admired it. 
Once I go through this tradition, I was going to become a wife. 
So I talked -- I had to come up with a plan to figure these things out. 
I told my father, "I will only go through this ceremony if you let me go back to school." 
The reason why, if I ran away, my father will have a stigma, people will be calling him the father of that girl who didn't go through the ceremony. 
I was lucky because one, also, my mom did something that most women don't do. 
So the news came, I applied to school and I was accepted to Randolph-Macon Woman's College in Lynchburg, Virginia, and I couldn't come without the support of the village, because I needed to raise money to buy the air ticket. 
So I had to come up with something to do with the morning, because there's good news in the morning. 
I enjoyed myself, but during that moment while I was here, I discovered a lot of things. 
As we moved, and I went to talk to the fathers, the fathers, of course, you can imagine what they said: "We want a school for boys." 
And yes, she was older to be in fourth grade. 
As a new dawn is happening in my school, a new beginning is happening. 
Now, how does this compare to a fly? 
Well, I spent a lot of my early career trying to figure out how insect wings generate enough force to keep the flies in the air. 
So I think, unfortunately, a lot of neuroscientists, we're all somewhat narcissistic. 
When we think of brain, we of course imagine our own brain. 
But remember that this kind of brain, which is much, much smaller — instead of 100 billion neurons, it has 100,000 neurons — but this is the most common form of brain on the planet and has been for 400 million years. 
So let's sort of think about this. I think we have to compare --  — we have to compare the size of the brain with what the brain can do. 
 It's a very smart, smart audience. 
Now I realize that it is a little bit absurd to compare the behavioral repertoire of a human to a fly. 
 And I think if you compare the natural history of flies and mice, it's really comparable. They have to forage for food. 
They do a lot of the similar things. 
How small can neurons get? Well, look at this interesting insect. 
This animal is the size of a paramecium and an amoeba, and it has a brain of 7,000 neurons that's so small -- you know these things called cell bodies you've been hearing about, where the nucleus of the neuron is? 
But let's think about this. How can you make a small number of neurons do a lot? 
And I think, from an engineering perspective, you think of multiplexing. 
And they're not concepts that I've come up with, but concepts that have been proposed by others in the past. 
And this is the work by Eve Marder and her many colleagues who've been studying this fascinating system that show how a smaller cluster of neurons can do many, many, many things because of neuromodulation that can take place on a moment-by-moment basis. 
You select one set of cells to perform one sort of behavior, another neuromodulator, another set of cells, a different pattern, and you can imagine you could extrapolate to a very, very complicated system. 
So I hope you think of insects a little bit differently next time, and as I say up here, please think before you swat. 
We have blended families, adopted families, we have nuclear families living in separate houses and divorced families living in the same house. 
That their parents be less tired and less stressed. 
I was trying to figure out, what do happy families do right and what can I learn from them to make my family happier? 
In agile, workers are organized into small groups and do things in very short spans of time. 
They do things in small chunks. 
So instead of saying, "You guys go off into that bunker and come back with a cell phone or a social network," you say, "You go off and come up with one element, then bring it back. Let's talk about it. Let's adapt." 
Like a lot of parents, our kids are something like Bermuda Triangles. 
So they would come up with all these ideas. 
Three years later -- our girls are almost eight now -- We're still holding these meetings. 
The family mission statement was on the wall, and my wife said, "So, anything up there seem to apply?" 
If you give children this happy narrative, you give them the tools to make themselves happier. 
I was a teenager when I first read "Anna Karenina" and its famous opening sentence, "All happy families are alike. 
Of course all happy families aren't alike." 
You just need to take small steps, accumulate small wins, keep reaching for that green stick. 
In the end, this may be the greatest lesson of all. 
What's the secret to a happy family? Try. 
It came from about 300 years ago, and it came from the last and the biggest of the empires on this planet. ["The British Empire"] Imagine trying to run the show, trying to run the entire planet, without computers, without telephones, with data handwritten on pieces of paper, and traveling by ships. 
Well, that's today, but we don't even know what the jobs of the future are going to look like. 
She has now joined a call center in Hyderabad and may have tortured you about your credit card bills in a very clear English accent. 
I put in Hole in the Wall computers there, downloaded all kinds of stuff from the Internet about DNA replication, most of which I didn't understand. 
What's learning going to be like? We know what it's like today, children pouring over with their mobile phones on the one hand and then reluctantly going to school to pick up their books with their other hand. 
Could it be that, at the point in time when you need to know something, you can find out in two minutes? 
They built the first curriculum, but we've lost sight of those wondrous questions. 
It will be a school where children go on these intellectual adventures driven by the big questions which their mediators put in. 
If you would please, please do it across all five continents and send me the data, then I'll put it all together, move it into the School of Clouds, and create the future of learning. 
All right, a political scientist, it doesn't really count, but my laboratory was the laboratory of democracy that is Michigan, and, like any good scientist, I was experimenting with policy about what would achieve the greatest good for the greatest number. 
And they did. And when they did, it was like a nuclear bomb went off in little Greenville. 
In fact, there was a poll that was done recently and the pollster compared Congress's approval ratings to a number of other unpleasant things, and it was found, in fact, that Congress's approval rating is worse than cockroaches, lice, Nickelback the band, root canals and Donald Trump.  But wait, the good news is it's at least better than meth labs and gonorrhea.  We got a problem, folks. 
In fact, if you look just at the upper and northern states in the West, they could do geothermal, or you could look at Texas and say, we could lead the nation in the solutions to smart grid. 
So you could wait and go through Congress, although you should be very impatient. 
And I don't know about you, but I prefer to dine. 
So after all of our shows, we would sign autographs and hug fans and hang out and talk to people, and we made an art out of asking people to help us and join us, and I would track down local musicians and artists and they would set up outside of our shows, and they would pass the hat, and then they would come in and join us onstage, so we had this rotating smorgasbord of weird, random circus guests. 
So I would need a piano to practice on, and an hour later I would be at a fan's house. 
Fans who worked in museums and stores and any kind of public space would wave their hands if I would decide to do a last-minute, spontaneous, free gig. 
I once tweeted, "Where in Melbourne can I buy a neti pot?" 
And I love this kind of random closeness, which is lucky, because I do a lot of couchsurfing. 
I become the hat after my own gigs, but I have to physically stand there and take the help from people, and unlike the guy in the opening band, I've actually had a lot of practice standing there. 
And this is the moment I decide I'm just going to give away my music for free online whenever possible, so it's like Metallica over here, Napster, bad; Amanda Palmer over here, and I'm going to encourage torrenting, downloading, sharing, but I'm going to ask for help, because I saw it work on the street. 
It's kind of counterintuitive for a lot of artists. 
They don't want to ask for things. 
And a lot of artists have a problem with this. 
And I got a lot of criticism online, after my Kickstarter went big, for continuing my crazy crowdsourcing practices, specifically for asking musicians who are fans if they wanted to join us on stage for a few songs in exchange for love and tickets and beer, and this was a doctored image that went up of me on a website. 
And this hurt in a really familiar way. 
And people saying, "You're not allowed anymore to ask for that kind of help," really reminded me of the people in their cars yelling, "Get a job." 
Celebrity is about a lot of people loving you from a distance, but the Internet and the content that we're freely able to share on it are taking us back. 
So a lot of people are confused by the idea of no hard sticker price. 
Think of it in terms of drums of water, each containing 200 liters. 
When I was a young man, a young biologist in Africa, I was involved in setting aside marvelous areas as future national parks. 
But we have just simply not understood why was it beginning to happen 10,000 years ago? 
But fire also leaves the soil bare, releasing carbon, and worse than that, burning one hectare of grassland gives off more, and more damaging, pollutants than 6,000 cars. 
All of that grass is now covering the soil as dung, urine and litter or mulch, as every one of the gardeners amongst you would understand, and that soil is ready to absorb and hold the rain, to store carbon, and to break down methane. 
And we did that, without using fire to damage the soil, and the plants are free to grow. 
Clearly more was needed than bunching and moving the animals, and humans, over thousands of years, had never been able to deal with nature's complexity. 
But we biologists and ecologists had never tackled anything as complex as this. 
This was another site where it had been bare and eroding, and at the base of the marked small tree, we had lost over 30 centimeters of soil. Okay? 
But worse than that, it is causing hunger, poverty, violence, social breakdown and war, and as I am talking to you, millions of men, women and children are suffering and dying. 
I can think of almost nothing that offers more hope for our planet, for your children, and their children, and all of humanity. 
It's a little bit technical to explain here, but just that. 
Edith Widder : Oh my God. Oh my God! Are you kidding me?Other scientists: Oh ho ho! That's just hanging there. 
So let's all go exploring, but let's do it in a way that doesn't scare the animals away, or, as Mike deGruy once said, "If you want to get away from it all and see something you've never seen, or have an excellent chance of seeing something that no one's ever seen, get in a sub." 
When I was 19, I wrote, "I will love myself despite the ease with which I lean toward the opposite." 
From there, I was sent to another small room with a really nice lady who asked me all kinds of questions about my life at home. 
I'm not the only kid who grew up this way, surrounded by people who used to say that rhyme about sticks and stones, as if broken bones hurt more than the names we got called, and we got called them all. 
So broken heartstrings bled the blues, and we tried to empty ourselves so we'd feel nothing. 
To this day, he is a stick of TNT lit from both ends, could describe to you in detail the way the sky bends in the moment before it's about to fall, and despite an army of friends who all call him an inspiration, he remains a conversation piece between people who can't understand sometimes being drug-free has less to do with addiction and more to do with sanity. 
We are not abandoned cars stalled out and sitting empty on some highway, and if in some way we are, don't worry. 
We are graduating members from the class of We Made It, not the faded echoes of voices crying out, "Names will never hurt me." 
A lot of people say now that business will lift up the developing economies, and social business will take care of the rest. 
But it doesn't seem to be working. 
Interestingly, we don't have a visceral reaction to the notion that people would make a lot of money not helping other people. 
But you want to make half a million dollars trying to cure kids of malaria, and you're considered a parasite yourself.  And we think of this as our system of ethics, but what we don't realize is that this system has a powerful side effect, which is: It gives a really stark, mutually exclusive choice to the brightest minds coming out of our best universities, and sends tens of thousands of people 
Now, there's no way you're going to get a lot of people with $400,000 talent to make a $316,000 sacrifice every year to become the CEO of a hunger charity. 
But if a nonprofit organization ever had a dream of building magnificent scale that required that for six years, no money was going to go to the needy, it was all going to be invested in building this scale, we would expect a crucifixion. 
The Puritans came here for religious reasons, or so they said, but they also came here because they wanted to make a lot of money. 
There are a lot of problems with this question. 
A lot of people won't take them, or stop taking them, because of their unpleasant side effects. 
These drugs have so many side effects because using them to treat a complex psychiatric disorder is a bit like trying to change your engine oil by opening a can and pouring it all over the engine block. 
Some of it will dribble into the right place, but a lot of it will do more harm than good. 
But can an organism like a fruit fly, which is -- it's a great model organism because it's got a small brain, it's capable of complex and sophisticated behaviors, it breeds quickly, and it's cheap. 
It's one thing to believe that flies have emotion-like states, but how do we actually find out whether that's true or not? 
Now, in humans we often infer emotional states, as you'll hear later today, from facial expressions. 
 It's kind of like landing on Mars and looking out the window of your spaceship at all the little green men who are surrounding it and trying to figure out, "How do I find out if they have emotions or not?" 
Well, one of the ways that we can start is to try to come up with some general characteristics or properties of emotion-like states such as arousal, and see if we can identify any fly behaviors that might exhibit some of those properties. 
So three important ones that I can think of are persistence, gradations in intensity, and valence. 
There are repositories where you can just pick up the phone and order hundreds of vials of flies of different mutants and screen them in your assay and then find out what gene is affected in the mutation. 
And that's a bit reminiscent of ADHD, which has been linked to disorders of the dopamine system in humans. 
Indeed, if we increase the levels of dopamine in normal flies by feeding them cocaine after getting the appropriate DEA license — oh my God --  — we find indeed that these cocaine-fed flies calm down faster than normal flies do, and that's also reminiscent of ADHD, which is often treated with drugs like Ritalin that act similarly to cocaine. 
Because the kids can't learn, they look for other things to distract their attention. 
So these results make me and my colleagues more convinced than ever that the brain is not a bag of chemical soup, and it's a mistake to try to treat complex psychiatric disorders just by changing the flavor of the soup. 
But a lot of other animals weren't saved. 
There was a marvelous animal, a marsupial wolf called the thylacine in Tasmania, south of Australia, called the Tasmanian tiger. 
I started with my wife, Ryan Phelan, who ran a biotech business called DNA Direct, and through her, one of her colleagues, George Church, one of the leading genetic engineers who turned out to be also obsessed with passenger pigeons and a lot of confidence that methodologies he was working on might actually do the deed. 
You try combinations of genes that you write at the cell level and then in organs on a chip, and the ones that win, that you can then put into a living organism. It'll work. 
A bit of cloning, you can get them back. 
Malaria: There are eight countries in sub-Saharan Africa that have their death rates cut by 75 percent. 
Great news. It drives me nuts that most people don't seem to know this news. 
This is Michael and Benedicta, and they're alive thanks in large part to Dr. Patricia Asamoah -- she's amazing -- and the Global Fund, which all of you financially support, whether you know it or not. 
There's a collection of 10 countries, some call them the lions, who in the last decade have had a combination of 100 percent debt cancellation, a tripling of aid, a tenfold increase in FDI -- that's foreign direct investment -- which has unlocked a quadrupling of domestic resources -- that's local money -- which, when spent wisely -- that's good governance -- cut childhood mortality by a third, doubled education completion rates, 
And right now, we know that the biggest disease of all is not a disease. It's corruption. 
Might we answer that clarion call with science, with reason, with facts, and, dare I say it, emotions? 
We are going to win because we don't play their dirty games. 
So these are just a few of what are commonly known as smart materials. 
So I'm a social scientist by training, so why am I here today talking about smart materials? 
I'm curious about how things work and how they are made, but also because I believe we should have a deeper understanding of the components that make up our world, and right now, we don't know enough about these high-tech composites our future will be made of. 
Smart materials are hard to obtain in small quantities. 
We would like it to become a large, collectively generated database of do-it-yourself information on smart materials. 
But why should we care how smart materials work and what they are made of? 
The objects we use, the clothes we wear, the houses we live in, all have a profound impact on our behavior, health and quality of life. 
So if we are to live in a world made of smart materials, we should know and understand them. 
The biggest challenge is that material science is complex and requires expensive equipment. 
So Jordan's main form of innovation and recreate it in a garage in Chicago using only cheap materials and tools he made himself. 
And now that he published this work, others can pick up where he left and devise even simpler processes and improvements. 
So Hannah's approach, on the other hand, is to formulate a series of techniques for creating unusual objects that free us from pre-designed constraints by teaching us about the materials themselves. 
So the interesting thing about makers is that we create out of passion and curiosity, and we are not afraid to fail. 
So I feel a bit as Ted Nelson must have when, in the early 1970s, he wrote, "You must understand computers now." 
So it's a little strange that I'm standing here and saying, "You must understand smart materials now." 
Obviously a very small community. 
So I picked think.com, but then I thought, you know, there's a lot of really interesting names out there. 
So the fact is that there's a lot of bad guys on the Internet these days, and so we dealt with that by making walled communities, secure subnetworks, VPNs, little things that aren't really the Internet but are made out of the same building blocks, but we're still basically building it out of those same building blocks with those same assumptions of trust. 
All of a sudden, a very large percentage of the traffic on the whole Internet, including a lot of the traffic between U.S. military installations, started getting re-routed through China. 
What they'll probably do is something very much like the attack that happened on the Iranian nuclear facility. 
It didn't think of itself as being on the Internet. 
And so there's a lot of -- I'm sure you've read a lot in papers, about worries about cyberattacks and defenses against those. 
I mean, everything off, it's like the service call you get from the cable company, Now, in fact, they couldn't do it for a lot of reasons today. 
One of the reasons is a lot of their telephones use IP protocol and use things like Skype and so on that go through the Internet right now, and so in fact we're becoming dependent on it for more and more different things, like when you take off from LAX, you're really not thinking you're using the Internet. 
What's happening increasingly, though, is these systems are beginning to use the Internet. 
Most of them aren't based on the Internet yet, but they're starting to use the Internet for service functions, for administrative functions, and so if you take something like the cell phone system, which is still relatively independent of the Internet for the most part, Internet pieces are beginning to sneak into it in terms of some of the control and administrative functions, and it's so tempting to use these same building blocks 
And the problem with it is, I think we are setting ourselves up for a kind of disaster like the disaster we had in the financial system, where we take a system that's basically built on trust, was basically built for a smaller-scale system, and we've kind of expanded it way beyond the limits of how it was meant to operate. 
And so right now, I think it's literally true that we don't know what the consequences of an effective denial-of-service attack on the Internet would be, and whatever it would be is going to be worse next year, and worse next year, and so on. 
There's no clear backup system that we've very carefully kept to be independent of the Internet, made out of completely different sets of building blocks. 
So I'm happy to get a chance to tell you about it. 
Chris Anderson: Elon, what kind of crazy dream would persuade you to think of trying to take on the auto industry and build an all-electric car? 
CA: So we've got some video here of the Tesla being assembled, which, if we could play that first video -- So what is innovative about this process in this vehicle? 
And in order to do that for cars, you have to come up with a really energy efficient car, so that means making it incredibly light, and so what you're seeing here is the only all-aluminum body and chassis car In fact, we applied a lot of rocket design techniques to make the car light despite having a very large battery pack. 
EM: There actually are far more charging stations than people realize, and at Tesla we developed something called a Supercharging technology, and we're offering that if you buy a Model S for free, forever. 
And so this is something that maybe a lot of people don't realize. 
CA: But in a gallon of gasoline, you have, effectively, thousands of years of sun power compressed into a small space, so it's hard to make the numbers work right now on solar, and to remotely compete with, for example, natural gas, fracked natural gas. How are you going to build a business here? 
With that capital, SolarCity purchases and installs the panel on the roof and then charges the homeowner or business owner a monthly lease payment, which is less than the utility bill. 
People would say, "Did you hear the joke about the guy who made a small fortune in the space industry?" 
And so I tell people, well, I was trying to figure out the fastest way to turn a large fortune into a small one. 
There's a long list of innovations that we've come up with there that are a little difficult to communicate in this talk, but -- CA: Not least because you could still get copied, right? 
CA: Wow. Reusable rockets.EM: Yes.  And so what a lot of people don't realize is, the cost of the fuel, of the propellant, is very small. 
You bet your fortune on it, and you seem to have done that multiple times. 
So let me ask for a show of hands. 
Well, there do seem to be a few. 
But there's still a lot of work to do. 
You would think this wouldn't be too hard, that we would simply have the ability to take this fundamental information that we're learning about how it is that basic biology teaches us about the causes of disease and build a bridge across this yawning gap between what we've learned about basic science and its application, a bridge that would look maybe something like this, where you'd have to put together a nice shiny way 
Well, what does this really look like? 
What's a drug? A drug is made up of a small molecule of hydrogen, carbon, oxygen, nitrogen, and a few other atoms all cobbled together in a shape, and it's those shapes that determine whether, in fact, that particular drug is going to hit its target. 
So look at this picture here -- a lot of shapes dancing around for you. 
Now what you need to do, if you're trying to develop a new treatment for autism or Alzheimer's disease or cancer is to find the right shape in that mix that will ultimately provide benefit and will be safe. 
So what we would like to do after discovering this back in 2003 is to come up with a way to try to correct that. 
And instead of telling you more about it, I'm going to invite one of them, Sam Berns from Boston, who's here this morning, to come up on the stage and tell us about his experience as a child affected with progeria. 
Sam, please have a seat. 
Please join me in thanking and welcoming Sam. 
And you could expect quite a lot to come from this. 
Well, we have to come up with a partnership between academia, government, the private sector, and patient organizations to make that so. 
Wouldn't it be nice to be able to a test a drug to see if it's effective and safe without having to put patients at risk, because that first time you're never quite sure? 
Are those cells happy or not? 
Second, we need new kinds of partnerships between academia and government and the private sector and patient organizations, just like the one I've been describing here, in terms of the way in which we could go after repurposing new compounds. 
We deal in milliseconds. 
  [The rain ...] [Eyes of shadow-water] [eyes of well-water] [eyes of dream-water.] [Blue suns, green whirlwinds,] [birdbeaks of light pecking open] [pomegranate stars.] [But tell me, burnt earth, is there no water?] [Only blood, only dust,] [only naked footsteps on the thorns?] [The rain awakens...] [We must sleep with open eyes,] [we must dream with our hands,] [we must dream the dreams of a river seeking its course,] [of the sun dreaming its worlds.] 
This is the Lillis Business Complex at the University of Oregon, and I worked with a team of architects and biologists to sample over 300 rooms in this building. 
So at 12 o'clock, you'll see that offices have a lot of alphaproteobacteria, and at one o'clock you'll see that bacilli are relatively rare. 
I like to think of bathrooms like a tropical rainforest. 
And I also like to think of offices as being a temperate grassland. 
And if you compare this to the microbes in a different air handling unit, you'll see that they're fundamentally different. 
Given that microbes travel around with people, you might expect to see rooms that are close together have really similar biomes. 
A lot of buildings are operated this way, probably where you work, and companies do this to save money on their energy bill. 
What I have here is a cinder block that we've coated half with a nanotechnology spray that can be applied to almost any material. 
And we're talking really small here. 
So very small, but very useful. 
It's a lot of water-based materials like concrete, water-based paint, mud, and also some refined oils as well. 
It's that afraid of the water. 
So imagine how something like this could help revolutionize your field of work. 
And I'm going to leave you with one last demonstration, but before I do that, I would like to say thank you, and think small. 
That's a lot of things: competition, cooperation, bargaining, games like hide-and-seek, and poker. 
A lot of people say, "I really don't know what people are going to pick, so I think the average will be 50." 
Just like in language and other domains, we know that it's hard for people to parse very complex sentences with a kind of recursive structure. 
A very different theory, a much more popular one, and an older one, due largely to John Nash of "A Beautiful Mind" fame, is what's called equilibrium analysis. 
It is a very useful concept, but behaviorally, it may not exactly explain what people do the first time they play these types of economic games or in situations in the outside world. 
There's another group of people who seem to have a firm grip on equilibrium analysis, because they're picking zero or one. 
That is, it's a circuit that's used to imagine what other people might do. 
It's good for them. They make a lot of money. 
It's a little too complicated to explain right now, but the theory tells you that this shape kind of should occur. 
Remember that we scanned both brains at the same time, so we can ask about time-synced activity in similar or different areas simultaneously, just like if you wanted to study a conversation and you were scanning two people talking to each other and you'd expect common activity in language regions when they're actually kind of listening and communicating. 
We haven't finished analyzing this data, so we're still peeking in, but the hope is that we can say something in the first couple of seconds about whether they'll make a deal or not, which could be very useful in thinking about avoiding litigation and ugly divorces and things like that. 
Those are all cases in which a lot of value is lost Here's the case where the disagreements occur. 
That is, the informed brain seems to be deciding, "We're probably not going to make a deal here." 
And then later there's activity in the uninformed brain. 
So this is an amazing memory test from Nagoya, Japan, Primate Research Institute, where they've done a lot of this research. 
So we're going to check that out by having the chimps actually play a game by touching two touch screens. 
The United States is worse than Lesterland, worse than Lesterland because you can imagine in Lesterland if we Lesters got a letter from the government that said, "Hey, you get to pick who gets to run in the general election," we would think maybe of a kind of aristocracy of Lesters. 
It's for their private interest. In this sense, the USA is worse than Lesterland. 
So the right wants smaller government. 
It's a pathological, democracy-destroying corruption, because in any system where the members are dependent upon the tiniest fraction of us for their election, that means the tiniest number of us, the tiniest, tiniest number of us, can block reform. 
The worse that it is for us, the better that it is for this fundraising. 
To do this would require a single statute, a statute establishing what we think of as small dollar funded elections, a statute of citizen-funded campaigns, and there's any number of these proposals out there: Fair Elections Now Act, the American Anti-Corruption Act, an idea in my book that I call the Grant and Franklin Project to give vouchers to people to fund elections, an idea of John Sarbanes called the Grassroots Democracy Act. 
Those numbers have only gone up, and as United Republic calculated last April, the average increase in salary for those who they tracked was 1,452 percent. 
But I don't buy it. 
Change the incentives, and the behavior changes, and the states that have adopted small dollar funded systems have seen overnight a change in the practice. 
When Connecticut adopted this system, in the very first year, 78 percent of elected representatives gave up large contributions and took small contributions only. 
But next to the dead duck is a live duck, and please pay attention. 
And the Ig Nobel Prize —   — the Ig Nobel Prize honors research that first makes people laugh, and then makes them think, with the ultimate goal to make more people interested in science. 
Please note it's a museum specimen, but there's no chance you'll get the avian flu. 
Please note that this is necrophilia. 
Well, what I concluded from reviewing all these cases is that it is important that this happens only when death is instant and in a dramatic way and in the right position for copulation. 
     So what this bird does is fight his own image. 
And I thought, in the beginning -- I studied this bird for a couple of years -- that, well, shouldn't the brain of this bird be damaged? 
And as you know, or as you may not know, this is one of the major causes of death for birds in the world. 
I mean, this is something you can pick up and carry with you anywhere you go. 
This uses 20 times less energy for every mile or kilometer that you travel than a car, which means not only is this thing fast to charge and really cheap to build, but it also reduces the footprint of your energy use in terms of your transportation. 
So instead of looking at large amounts of energy needed for each person in this room to get around in a city, now you can look at much smaller amounts and more sustainable transportation. 
But instead, people go down, and after they recover, they go up again. 
And the day before it was due, he sent his PowerPoint presentation to his boss, and his boss wrote him back and said, "Nice presentation, but the merger is canceled." 
You can imagine that if he pushed the rock on different hills, at least he would have some sense of progress. 
Now what happens when you compare these two conditions? 
And by the way, we should point out that this was not big meaning. 
But even the small meaning made a difference. 
And the people who love Legos less would build less Legos because the enjoyment that they derive from it is lower. 
In that condition, the correlation was zero -- there was no relationship between the love of Legos, and how much people built, which suggests to me that with this manipulation of breaking things in front of people's eyes, we basically crushed any joy that they could get out of this activity. 
This was a group within the software company that was put in a different building, and they asked them to innovate, and create the next big product for this company. 
And I asked them, I said, "How many of you now show up to work later than you used to?" 
You shred people's efforts, output -- you get them not to be as happy with what they're doing. 
But I should point out, by the way, that in the shredder condition, people could have cheated. 
So the good news is that adding motivation doesn't seem to be so difficult. 
But when I finish it, I seem to like those IKEA pieces of furniture more than I like other ones. 
Most people would say for a lot, a lot of money. 
 But imagine this was slightly different. 
Most people say not that much. 
But if you get one person to do step one, and one person to do step two and step three and so on, production can increase tremendously. 
This is what the DIY and maker movements really look like. 
If anything changes -- if the environment changes, the ground moves, or demand changes -- we have to start from scratch and take them out and replace them. 
I don't just mean smart machines that replace humans. 
So we built a large rotating chamber, and people would come up and spin the chamber faster or slower, adding energy to the system and getting an intuitive understanding of how self-assembly works and how we could use this as a macroscale construction or manufacturing technique for products. 
These are complex things built with complex parts that come together in complex ways. 
And when I do, it's as a bit of a know-it-all. 
For better or for worse, that's what I'm going to be known as, as the guy who knew a lot of weird stuff. 
I studied computers because I heard that was the thing, and I became a computer programmer -- not an especially good one, not an especially happy one at the time when I was first on "Jeopardy" in 2004. 
I was not going to say no. 
People don't realize how tough it is to write that kind of program that can read a "Jeopardy" clue in a natural language like English and understand all the double meanings, the puns, the red herrings, unpack the meaning of the clue. 
And at first, it was very low. 
But then you see the line start to go up. 
I think guys had "W-A-T-S-O-N" written on their bellies in grease paint. 
If you can imagine computer programmers with the letters "W-A-T-S-O-N" written on their gut, it's an unpleasant sight. 
And a lot of law firms are getting rid of paralegals because there's software that can sum up case laws and legal briefs and decisions. 
And as a result, a part of our brain that's supposed to do that kind of stuff gets smaller and dumber. 
This is terrifying because a lot of the big decisions we make require the mastery of lots of different kinds of facts. 
If you can't do that first step, are you really going to look up the other thousand facts you're going to need to know to master your knowledge of U.S. foreign policy? 
I always think of the story of a little girl named Tilly Smith. 
And she said, "In Mr. Kearney's geography class last month, he told us that when the tide goes out abruptly out to sea and you see the waves churning way out there, that's the sign of a tsunami, and you need to clear the beach." 
Now when facts come in handy like that -- I love that story because it shows you the power of one fact, one remembered fact in exactly the right place at the right time -- normally something that's easier to see on game shows than in real life. 
I've met a lot of them. 
And as it turns out, that's a really hard problem, because you have to build a small, portable robot that's not only really affordable, but it has to be something that people actually want to take home and have around their kids. 
He should be friendly and cute. 
So in a lot of ways, Romo is like a pet that has a mind of his own. 
And if I want to explore the world -- uh-oh, Romo's tired -- if I want to explore the world with Romo, I can actually connect him from any other iOS device. 
Now this is a free app on the App Store, so if any of you guys had this app on your phones, we could literally right now share control of the robot and play games together. 
You can imagine an eight-year-old girl, for example, who has an iPhone, and her mom buys her a robot. 
The man wants me to go, and now you say no." 
And when they came in to tell me, I was at first elated. 
A lot of our students get into theater. 
And what is interesting about that is that so many students are smart and can do it. 
I don't care how smart you are or how smart you think you are. 
And that's what we work to do with that group to get them to understand each other, to build trust among them, to support each other, to learn how to ask good questions, but also to learn how to explain concepts with clarity. 
And I'm sitting in a waiting room some time later for an ultrasound, and all six of these doctors actually show up in the room at once, and I'm like, "Uh oh, this is bad news." 
So what does this personal health system look like, and what new technologies and roles is it going to entail? 
Eric Dishman: I'm good. I'm just taking my clothes off in front of a few hundred people. It's wonderful. 
It's not something I was very happy about. 
Most of the time it doesn't create any kind of mischief, but it does warrant looking at, so I'm happy we've got an opportunity to look at it today, make sure that it's not growing, it's not creating any problems. 
ED: All right. Well, I guess we'll double check it when I come in. 
And many countries are going to go brickless from the start because they're never going to be able to afford the mega-medicalplexes that a lot of the rest of the world has built. 
You have to earn your way into those places by being sick enough to use that tool for the job. 
We just talked to him. Here's Jenny, one of the nurses, Allison, who helped manage the transplant list, and a dozen other people who aren't pictured, a pharmacist, a psychologist, a nutritionist, even a financial counselor, Lisa, who helped us deal with all the insurance hassles. 
My team is actually working in China on one of these self-care models for a project we called Age-Friendly Cities. 
The future of health care is smart teams, and you'd better be on that team for yourself. 
So on my chart, I forced them to put, "Patient goal: low doses of drugs over longer periods of time, side effects friendly to skiing." 
But the second example I want to give you is, I happened to be an early guinea pig, and I got very lucky to have my whole genome sequenced. 
The surgery was done laparoscopically, so I have just five very small scars on my abdomen, and I had four weeks away from work and went back to doing everything I'd done before without any changes. 
I hope you will go out and make personal health happen for yourselves and for everyone. Thanks so much. 
Think of the country clergyman or squire collecting his beetles or fossils, like Charles Darwin, for example, or, the hired help of a nobleman, like Joseph Priestley, who was the literary companion to the Marquis of Lansdowne when he discovered oxygen. 
Richard Jones became an important economist who later influenced Karl Marx. 
Reading one of Herschel's books was such a watershed moment for Charles Darwin that he would later say, "Scarcely anything in my life made so deep an impression on me. 
By the 19th century, it had become a kind of gentleman's club populated mainly by antiquarians, literary men and the nobility. 
The British Association would later be the first of the major national science organizations in the world to admit women as full members. 
Darwin knew what we seem to have forgotten, that science is not only for scientists. 
In what I call the flushed-and-plumbed world that most of us in this room are lucky to live in, the most common symptoms associated with those diseases, diarrhea, is now a bit of a joke. 
But if you search for a stock photo of diarrhea in a leading photo image agency, this is the picture that you come up with. 
Because I can't explain otherwise, when I look at the figures, what's going on. 
We know how to solve diarrhea and sanitation, but if you look at the budgets of countries, developing and developed, you'll think there's something wrong with the math, because you'll expect absurdities like Pakistan spending 47 times more on its military than it does on water and sanitation, even though 150,000 children die of diarrhea in Pakistan every year. 
But the humble latrine, or flush toilet, reduces disease by twice as much as just putting in clean water. 
Twenty-five percent of girls in India drop out of school because they have no adequate sanitation. 
They're cutting down on deforestation, and they've found a fuel supply that is inexhaustible, infinite and free at the point of production. 
They've found in many developing countries that governments have gone in and given out free latrines and gone back a few years later and found that they've got lots of new goat sheds or temples or spare rooms with their owners happily walking past them and going over to the open defecating ground. 
So when I get sad about sanitation, I think of Japan, because Japan 70 years ago was a nation of people who used pit latrines and wiped with sticks, and now it's a nation of what are called Woshurettos, washlet toilets. 
They have in-built bidet nozzles for a lovely, hands-free cleaning experience, and they have various other features like a heated seat and an automatic lid-raising device which is known as the "marriage-saver." 
Six thousand children each year who would have previously died of this disease are cured. 
If you want the really big numbers, look at these numbers for heart disease. 
Heart disease used to be the biggest killer, particularly for men in their 40s. 
Today, we've seen a 63-percent reduction in mortality from heart disease -- remarkably, 1.1 million deaths averted every year. 
These are just remarkable, remarkable changes in the outlook for some of the biggest killers. 
And one in particular that you probably wouldn't know about, stroke, which has been, along with heart disease, one of the biggest killers in this country, is a disease in which now we know that if you can get people into the emergency room within three hours of the onset, some 30 percent of them will be able to leave the hospital without any disability whatsoever. 
Third most common cause of death amongst people between the ages of 15 and 25. 
It's kind of an extraordinary story when you realize that this is twice as common as homicide and actually more common as a source of death than traffic fatalities in this country. 
If you look at disability, as measured by the World Health Organization with something they call the Disability Adjusted Life Years, it's kind of a metric that nobody would think of except an economist, except it's one way of trying to capture what is lost in terms of disability from medical causes, and as you can see, virtually 30 percent of all disability from all medical causes can be attributed to mental disorders, 
Heart disease seems far more serious. 
It depends, of course, on what scale or what scope you want to think about, but this is an organ of surreal complexity, and we are just beginning to understand how to even study it, whether you're thinking about the 100 billion neurons that are in the cortex or the 100 trillion synapses We have just begun to try to figure out how do we take this very complex machine that does extraordinary kinds of information processing 
and use our own minds to understand this very complex brain that supports our own minds. 
In a sense, it actually makes you feel that when you're in the safe zone of studying behavior or cognition, something you can observe, that in a way feels more simplistic and reductionistic than trying to engage this very complex, mysterious organ that we're beginning to try to understand. 
The important piece here is that as you begin to look at people who have these disorders, the one in five of us who struggle in some way, you find that there's a lot of variation in the way that the brain is wired, but there are some predictable patterns, and those patterns are risk factors for developing one of these disorders. 
It's a little different than the way we think about brain disorders like Huntington's or Parkinson's or Alzheimer's disease where you have a bombed-out part of your cortex. 
You could, if you want, compare this to, on the one hand, a myocardial infarction, a heart attack, where you have dead tissue in the heart, versus an arrhythmia, where the organ simply isn't functioning because of the communication problems within it. 
We don't have all the facts. We don't actually even know what the tools will be, nor what to precisely look for in every case to be able to get there before the behavior emerges as different. 
From my seat, I was looking up at a stone town on a hilltop, bright in the noontime sun, when from behind there was a great bang, as loud and violent as a bomb. 
I didn't mention to Abed his prior driving record -- 27 violations by the age of 25, the last, his not shifting his truck into a low gear on that May day — and I didn't mention my prior record -- the quadriplegia and the catheters, the insecurity and the loss — and when Abed went on about how hurt he was in the crash, I didn't say that I knew from the police report 
And one day, after a woman I met on the street did the same and I later asked her why, she told me that, best she could tell, her tears had had something to do with my being happy and strong, but vulnerable too. 
Her Hebrew was not good, and she later confessed that she thought that I had come to install the Internet. 
And so at once, we shook hands, and smiled, and I gave him my gift, and he told me I was a guest in his home, and we sat beside one another on a fabric couch. 
It was then that Abed resumed at once the tale of woe he had begun over the phone 16 years before. 
And so I didn't point out that in his own testimony the morning after the crash, Abed did not even mention the bus driver. 
"It is a pity," he said, "that the police in this country are not tough enough on bad drivers." 
I wished to tell him that, in the end, our mandate is clear: We have to rise above bad fortune. 
 Thanks a lot. 
I may get many sponsors, a lot of money, tons of interviews, and be on TV!" I thought.  But after coming back to Japan, totally nothing changed in my life. 
Sometimes the patients were a little bit reluctant to go through this because, you can tell that the holes are made partially and then, I think, there was some trepanation, and then they left very quickly and it was only a partial hole, and we know they survived these procedures. 
There were some sites where one percent of all the skulls have these holes, and so you can see that neurologic and psychiatric disease is quite common, and it was also quite common about 7,000 years ago. 
So we use electricity to dictate how they fire, and we try to block their misbehavior using electricity. 
This boy is nine years old, perfectly normal until the age six, and then he started twisting his body, first the right foot, then the left foot, then the right arm, then the left arm, then the trunk, and then by the time he arrived, within the course of one or two years of the disease onset, he could no longer walk, he could no longer stand. 
He was crippled, and indeed the natural progression as this gets worse is for them to become progressively twisted, progressively disabled, and many of these children do not survive. 
So here you really have the blues, and the areas in blue are areas that are involved in motivation, in drive and decision-making, and indeed, if you're severely depressed as these patients were, those are impaired. You lack motivation and drive. 
I've shown you that we can use deep brain stimulation to treat the motor system in cases of Parkinson's disease and dystonia. 
We're going to do this in people that have cognitive deficits, and we've chosen to treat patients with Alzheimer's disease who have cognitive and memory deficits. 
The brain is a bit of a hog when it comes to using glucose. 
We then put in the DBS electrodes and we wait for a month or a year, and the areas in red represent the areas where we increase glucose utilization. 
So the message here is that, in Alzheimer's disease, the lights are out, but there is someone home, and we're able to turn the power back on to these areas of the brain, and as we do so, we expect that their functions will return. 
We are going to operate on 50 patients with early Alzheimer's disease to see whether this is safe and effective, whether we can improve their neurologic function. 
 So the message I want to leave you with today is that, indeed, there are several circuits in the brain that are malfunctioning across various disease states, whether we're talking about Parkinson's disease, depression, schizophrenia, Alzheimer's. 
The fact of the matter is that it just isn't true, and it's easy to think that it is true, but in order to see it in another way, in order to see that actually texting is a miraculous thing, not just energetic, but a miraculous thing, a kind of emergent complexity that we're seeing happening right now, we have to pull the camera back for a bit and look at what language really is, 
For example, imagine a passage from Edward Gibbon's "The Decline and Fall of the Roman Empire:" "The whole engagement lasted above twelve hours, till the graduate retreat of the Persians was changed into a disorderly flight, of which the shameful example was given by the principal leaders and the Surenas himself." 
So I mean the kind of speech that you see someone giving in an old movie where they clear their throat, and they go, "Ahem, ladies and gentlemen," and then they speak in a certain way which has nothing to do with casual speech. 
Now LOL, we generally think of as meaning "laughing out loud." 
And of course, theoretically, it does, and if you look at older texts, then people used it to actually indicate laughing out loud. 
Julie: "lol thanks gmail is being slow right now" Now if you think about it, that's not funny. 
If you happen to speak Japanese, think about that little word "ne" that you use at the end of a lot of sentences. 
There's a lack of structure of some sort. 
And then the third thing would be, please show me a sheaf of texts written by 16-year-old girls, because I would want to know where this language had developed since our times, and ideally I would then send them back to you and me now so we could examine this linguistic miracle happening right under our noses. 
So we need a lot of innovation to offset this decline. 
But if growth slows down, instead of doubling our standard of living every generation, Americans in the future can't expect to be twice as well off as their parents, or even a quarter [more well off than] their parents. 
Now what if we could achieve that historic two-percent growth for the next 70 years? 
Then they had to hang the clothes out to dry. 
But by 1929, cities around the country had put in underground water pipes. 
Hurricane Sandy caused a lot of people to lose the 20th century, maybe for a couple of days, in some cases for more than a week, electricity, running water, heating, gasoline for their cars, and a charge for their iPhones. 
The amazing thing is that productivity did not increase in those factories for 30 years. Thirty years. 
Now getting stuff for free is a good thing, right? 
In total, my research estimates that the GDP numbers miss over 300 billion dollars per year in free goods and services on the Internet. 
There are some super smart people who are arguing that we've reached the end of growth, but to understand the future of growth, we need to make predictions about the underlying drivers of growth. 
At first, Watson wasn't very good, but it improved at a rate faster than any human could, and shortly after Dave Ferrucci showed this chart to my class at MIT, Watson beat the world "Jeopardy" champion. 
This guy says, "Nah, I don't use H&amp;R Block anymore. 
But it doesn't work, my eyes are still small. 
To create this artwork, I bought a lot of packaged instant noodle cups and put them in my studio, making it look like a supermarket. 
Without biologist Alexander Fleming's moldy accident, caused by a neglected workstation, we wouldn't be able to fight off so many bacterial infections. 
You see, plastics have very complex structures and are difficult to biodegrade. 
MW: With this idea in mind, Jeanny and I read through some hundreds of scientific articles on the Internet, and we drafted a research proposal in the beginning of our grade 12 year. We aimed to find bacteria from our local Fraser River that can degrade a harmful plasticizer called phthalates. 
Phthalates are additives used in everyday plastic products to increase their flexibility, durability and transparency. 
So we figured, if there are places along our Fraser River that are contaminated with phthalates, and if there are bacteria that are able to live in these areas, then perhaps, perhaps these bacteria could have evolved to break down phthalates. 
Out of thousands of bacteria, we wanted to find ones that could break down phthalates, so we enriched our cultures with phthalates as the only carbon source. 
We noticed that the unharmed cultures came from places of opposite contamination levels, so this mistake actually led us to think that perhaps we can compare the different degradative potentials of bacteria from sites of opposite contamination levels. 
MW: So now that we found bacteria that could break down phthalates, we wondered what these bacteria were. 
We were happy to see that, although our three strains had been previously identified bacteria, two of them were not previously associated with phthalate degradation, so this was actually a novel discovery. 
But if our bacteria did not evolve to break down phthalates, they would have used some other kind of carbon source, and aerobic respiration would have led it to have end products such as carbon dioxide anyway. 
Although we're not the first ones to find bacteria that can break down phthalates, we were the first ones to look into our local river and find a possible solution to a local problem. 
We hope that in the near future, we'll be able to create model organisms that can break down not only phthalates but a wide variety of different contaminants. 
MW: I think our journey has truly transformed our view of microorganisms, and Jeanny and I have shown that even mistakes can lead to discoveries. 
Car accidents are the leading cause of death in people ages 16 to 19 in the United States -- leading cause of death -- and 75 percent of these accidents have nothing to do with drugs or alcohol. 
Stop looking where you're going, turn, check your blind spot, and drive down the road without looking where you're going. 
And you know which drivers you need to alert to get out of the way. 
How can these cars whisper, "You need to get out of the way?" 
First of all, on the web, if you want to scroll down, don't pick up the mouse and use the scroll bar. 
But what about the pop-up menu where you put in your state? 
Also on the web, when the text is too small, what you do is hold down the Control key and hit plus, plus, plus. 
Works on every computer, every web browser, or minus, minus, to get smaller again. 
So most of you think of Google as something that lets you look up a web page, but it is also a dictionary. 
While we're talking about text -- When you want to highlight -- this is just an example --  When you want to highlight a word, please don't waste your life dragging across it with the mouse like a newbie. 
If you missed anything, I'll be happy to send you the list of these tips. 
Things like breast cancer and colon cancer are directly tied to our lack of physical [activity], Ten percent in fact, on both of those. 
It seemed kind of odd to do, and actually, that first meeting, I remember thinking, "I have to be the one to ask the next question," because I knew I was going to huff and puff during this conversation. 
I've really tried to solve some big problems: counterterrorism, nuclear terrorism, and health care and diagnosing and treating cancer, but I started thinking about all these problems, and I realized that the really biggest problem we face, what all these other problems come down to, is energy, is electricity, the flow of electrons. 
And I decided that I was going to set out to try to solve this problem. 
You're probably expecting me to come up here and talk about fusion, because that's what I've done most of my life. 
Let's talk a little bit about how nuclear fission works. 
In a nuclear power plant, you have a big pot of water that's under high pressure, and you have some fuel rods, and these fuel rods are encased in zirconium, and they're little pellets of uranium dioxide fuel, and a fission reaction is controlled and maintained at a proper level, and that reaction heats up water, the water turns to steam, steam turns the turbine, and you produce electricity from it. 
This is the same way we've been producing electricity, the steam turbine idea, for 100 years, and nuclear was a really big advancement in a way to heat the water, but you still boil water and that turns to steam and turns the turbine. 
This is a small modular reactor. 
For someone who's done a lot of counterterrorism work, I can't extol to you how great having something buried below the ground is for proliferation and security concerns. 
It's made into a grade where it's not usable for a nuclear weapon, but they love this stuff. 
And we have a lot of it sitting around, because this is a big problem. 
You know, in the Cold War, we built up this huge arsenal of nuclear weapons, and that was great, and we don't need them anymore, and what are we doing with all the waste, essentially? 
What are we doing with all the pits of those nuclear weapons? 
So going back to what I was saying before about all power being produced -- well, other than photovoltaic -- being produced by this boiling of steam and turning a turbine, that's actually not that efficient, and in fact, in a nuclear power plant like this, it's only roughly 30 to 35 percent efficient. 
So for a given amount of fuel you put in the reactor, a lot more of it's being used. 
And the problem with a traditional nuclear power plant like this is, you've got these rods that are clad in zirconium, and inside them are uranium dioxide fuel pellets. 
No refueling means you can seal them up and they're not going to be a proliferation risk, and they're not going to have either nuclear material or radiological material proliferated from their cores. 
But let's go back to safety, because everybody after Fukushima had to reassess the safety of nuclear, and one of the things when I set out to design a power reactor was it had to be passively and intrinsically safe, and I'm really excited about this reactor for essentially two reasons. 
and that hydrogen has this explosive capability to release fission products. 
So I really think that in the, say, 20 years it's going to take us to get fusion and make fusion a reality, this could be the source of energy that provides carbon-free electricity. 
Carbon-free electricity. 
Well, I was obsessed with nuclear science too, to a point, but before that I was obsessed with space, and I was really excited about, you know, being an astronaut and designing rockets, which was something that was always exciting to me. 
But I think I get to come back to this, because imagine having a compact reactor in a rocket that produces 50 to 100 megawatts. 
But I think there's something really poetic about using nuclear power to propel us to the stars, because the stars are giant fusion reactors. 
They're giant nuclear cauldrons in the sky. 
The energy that I'm able to talk to you today, while it was converted to chemical energy in my food, originally came from a nuclear reaction, and so there's something poetic about, in my opinion, perfecting nuclear fission and using it as a future source of innovative energy. 
And so, needless to say, over those years I've had a chance to look at education reform from a lot of perspectives. 
One year I came up with a bright idea. 
For years, I watched my mother take the time at recess to review, go on home visits in the afternoon, buy combs and brushes and peanut butter and crackers to put in her desk drawer for kids that needed to eat, and a washcloth and some soap for the kids who didn't smell so good. 
How powerful would our world be if we had kids who were not afraid to take risks, who were not afraid to think, and who had a champion? 
A marvelous place. 
I lived with incredible birds, incredible animals, I swam in our small rivers with our caimans. 
We made a lot of trips, financed development, economic projects in Africa with the World Bank. 
To build development, Brazilian development, we destroyed a lot of our forest. 
This farm that had thousands of head of cattle had just a few hundreds, and we didn't know how to deal with these. 
And I went to see a good friend that was engineering forests to prepare a project for us, and we started. We started to plant, and this first year we lost a lot of trees, second year less, and slowly, slowly this dead land started to be born again. 
And I went. I started in the beginning of 2004, and I finished at the end of 2011. 
This is what we must fight hard to hold like it is now. 
A lack of oxygen in the water. 
I put to myself the question, if for a moment, we will not lack oxygen for all animal species, ours included -- that would be very complicated for us. 
I'll give you a small example that you'll understand very easily. 
You happy people that have a lot of hair on your head, if you take a shower, it takes you two or three hours to dry your hair if you don't use a dryer machine. 
This is the most important thing, when we imagine that we need water for every activity in life. 
But you see a lot of small spots in this picture. 
 I told you in the beginning that it was necessary for us to plant about 2.5 million trees of about 200 different species in order to rebuild the ecosystem. 
[Allegiance] [Very intimate] [Serious mistakes]  And tattoos tell you a lot of stories. 
What happens if Facebook, Google, Twitter, LinkedIn, cell phones, GPS, Foursquare, Yelp, Travel Advisor, all these things you deal with every day turn out to be electronic tattoos? 
And if that's true, then what we want to do is we want to go through four lessons from the Greeks and one lesson from a Latin American. 
Once you get that electronic tattoo, you're going to be rolling up and down for a long time, so as you go through this stuff, just be careful what you post. 
Myth number two: Orpheus, wonderful guy, charming to be around, great partier, great singer, loses his beloved, charms his way into the underworld, only person to charm his way into the underworld, charms the gods of the underworld, they release his beauty on the condition he never look at her until they're out. 
Recently, I showed this to my students, and I just asked them to try and explain why it happened. 
You see, I would argue that Riley is a metaphor for all kids, and I think dropping out of school comes in many different forms -- to the senior who's checked out before the year's even begun or that empty desk in the back of an urban middle school's classroom. 
One size fits all, if you get it, fine, and if you don't, tough luck. Just tough luck. 
So I was a little slow, and I did not trust technology, and when they first came out with those new contraptions, these tellers that you put in a card and they give you money, I was like, "There's no way that machine is going to count that money right. 
And if you come up with a plan to change things, people consider you radical. 
Well it just turns out in the 1840s we did have, schools were open all year. They were open all year, because we had a lot of folks who had to work all day. 
You know, we provide health services and people are always fussing at me about, you know, because I'm all into accountability and data and all of that good stuff, but we do health services, and I have to raise a lot of money. 
I'm a tester guy. I believe you need data, you need information, because you work at something, you think it's working, and you find out it's not working. 
I mean, you're educators. You work, you say, you think you've got it, great, no? And you find out they didn't get it. 
Because in my older years, I've become somewhat of a clairvoyant. 
You know, people tell me, "Yeah, those charter schools, a lot of them don't work." 
A lot of them don't. They should be closed. 
If you think about technology, imagine if that's how we thought about technology. 
I dare say it's a pittance, what it would require for us to really begin to solve some of these problems. 
GC: Well, you know, one of the bad problems we have in this country is these kids, the same kids, these same vulnerable kids, when you get them in school, they drop out in record numbers. 
But I'm not kidding about some of this, and it gets a little bit to the grit issue. 
Please give it up for him one more time. 
So, see, kids like us, we have a lot of things to deal with outside of school, and sometimes we're just not ready to focus. 
So there were a lot of teachers who were like, "She's never going to make it. 
They deserve a quality school in their neighborhood, a school that they can be proud to say they attend, and a school that the community can be proud of as well, and they need teachers to fight for them every day and empower them to move beyond their circumstances. 
I've talked to a lot of directors of state economic development agencies about these issues, a lot of legislators about these issues. 
from these three separate lines of research, that for every dollar invested in early childhood programs, the per capita earnings of state residents go up by two dollars and 78 cents, so that's a three-to-one return. 
I don't know if you ever tried to buy a house in Silicon Valley. 
So when we invest in other people's children, and build up those skills, we increase the overall job growth of a metro area. 
So if someone gets a college degree, their lifetime earnings go up by a huge amount, over 700,000 dollars. 
There's an effect on everyone else in the metro area of driving up the percentage of college graduates in the metro area, and if you add that up -- it's a small effect for each person, but if you add that up across all the people in the metro area, you actually get that the increase in wages for everyone else in the metropolitan area adds up to almost a million dollars. 
What can explain these huge spillover effects of education? 
Okay, so to sum up, there is a lot of research evidence that early childhood programs, if run in a high-quality way, pay off in higher adult skills. 
So, 30 billion dollars is a lot of money. 
And if we want to translate that from just billions of dollars to something that might mean something, what we're talking about is that, for the average low-income kid, that would increase earnings by about 10 percent over their whole career, just doing the preschool, not improving K-12 or anything else after that, not doing anything with college tuition or access, just directly improving preschool, and we would get five percent higher earnings 
Lockers left open like teenage boys' mouths when teenage girls wear clothes that covers their insecurities but exposes everything else. 
Homework is stressful, but when you go home every day and your home is work, you don't want to pick up any assignments. 
In some parts of the country, 60 percent of kids drop out of high school. 
Class sizes are smaller than in many countries. 
 Small people wandering about. 
What schools are encouraged to do is to find out what kids can do across a very narrow spectrum of achievement. 
Kids prosper best with a broad curriculum that celebrates their various talents, not just a small range of them. 
You see, in the end, education is about learning. 
We create our lives, and we can recreate them as we go through them. 
They don't look for other things that matter just as much. 
And they all looked a bit bemused, and said, "Well, we don't have one. 
Now people always say, "Well, you know, you can't compare Finland to America." 
But you can compare it to a state in America. 
Not far from where I live is a place called Death Valley. 
Hence, Death Valley. 
In the winter of 2004, it rained in Death Valley. 
The whole floor of Death Valley was carpeted in flowers for a while. 
What it proved is this: that Death Valley isn't dead. 
And if you do that, people will rise to it and achieve things that you completely did not anticipate and couldn't have expected. 
What would that system look like? 
Well, to find out, our foundation has been working with 3,000 teachers on a project called Measures of Effective Teaching. 
Did they find multiple ways to explain an idea? 
Okay, so I would like you to please bring up your papers. 
You can't really dispute what you see on the video, and there is a lot to be learned from that, and there are a lot of ways that we can grow as a profession when we actually get to see this. 
At the beginning of class, I just perch it in the back of the classroom. It's not a perfect shot. 
I'm glad that we've actually done the process before so we can kind of compare what works, what doesn't. 
I think that video exposes so much of what's intrinsic to us as teachers in ways that help us learn and help us understand, and then help our broader communities understand what this complex work is really all about. 
[Every classroom could look like that]  Bill Gates: One day, we'd like every classroom in America to look something like that. 
That's understandable, but our experience with MET suggests that if teachers manage the process, if they collect video in their own classrooms, and they pick the lessons they want to submit, a lot of them will be eager to participate. 
I spend a lot of time thinking about how the social landscape is changing, how new technologies create new constraints and new opportunities for people. 
Stanley Milgram from the '60s and '70s, the creator of the small-world experiments, which became later popularized as six degrees of separation, made the point that any two arbitrarily selected people were likely connected from between five to seven intermediary steps. 
It sounds silly, but I thought, okay, the way the world works can be changed, and it can be changed by me in these small ways. 
because I realized that this bag and these clothes and the trampoline you have at home and the pencil sharpener, everything you have is made out of either a tree or a rock or something we dug out of the ground and did some process to, maybe a more complicated one, but still, everything was made that way. 
Here's a triangle that was being formed underneath a flowing stream, and the shape of an oak leaf being made by other small oak leaves being put together. 
And after about 45 minutes, you get really intricate projects like leaves sorted by hue, so you get a color fade and put in a circle like a wreath. 
We think we already know how something works, so we can't imagine how it could work. 
And big companies like Intel or smaller design firms like Ideo or startups like Bump, were inviting me to give workshops, just to practice this idea of smashing electronics and everyday objects together. 
So this is the MaKey MaKey circuit, and I'm just going to set it up from the beginning in front of you. 
And so we needed hundreds of people to buy this. 
If hundreds of people didn't buy this, we couldn't put it on the market. 
And so his dad couldn't necessarily afford to buy all these custom controllers. 
And as you start to mess around this way, I think that, in some small ways, you do start to see the landscape of your everyday life a little bit more like something you could express yourself with, and a little bit more like you could participate And so next time you're on an escalator and you drop an M&amp;M by accident, you know, maybe that's an M&amp;M surfboard, not an escalator, 
But as I'm kind of getting older and kind of messing with all this stuff, I'm realizing that my idea of a perfect world really can't be designed by one person or even by a million experts. 
The beginning of the end is triggered by a mortality awareness event, and during this time, Jim and Shirley chose ACR nature preserves to take their ranch over when they were gone. 
A lot of people say, "If I get like that, just shoot me." 
Put this in a really bright envelope with copies of your insurance cards, your power of attorney, and your do-not-resuscitate order. 
We went through a number of not-quite-right caregivers before we found the perfect team led by Marsha, who won't let you win at bingo just because you're dying but will go out and take videos of your ranch for you when you can't get out there, and Caitlin, who won't let you skip your morning exercises but knows when you need to hear that your wife is in good hands. 
Here's Jim just a few weeks before he died, celebrating a birthday he didn't expect to see. 
Jim and Shirley had a good end of life, and by sharing their story with you, I hope to increase our chances of doing the same. 
Okay. And I don't want to go through all the things it does and whatnot, but I want to tell you a little bit more about the motivation behind what led to it. 
And also we wanted to free up the ears, so the sound actually goes through, conducts straight to the bones in your cranium, which is a little bit freaky at first, but you get used to it. 
What is really important is, can we reduce that death toll? Can we save some of those 19,000 children dying every day? 
You could take the money you're spending on those unnecessary things and give it to this organization, the Against Malaria Foundation, which would take the money you had given and use it to buy nets like this one to protect children like this one, and we know reliably that if we provide nets, they're used, and they reduce the number of children dying from malaria, just one of the many preventable diseases 
And that might seem surprising, because a lot of people think, "Philosophy is remote from the real world; economics, we're told, just makes us more selfish, and we know that math is for nerds." 
And then, as they got to the age at which many people start to think of retirement, they returned to them, and they've decided to cut back on their spending, to live modestly, and to give both money and time to helping to fight global poverty. 
One person who's thought quite a bit about this issue of how you can have a career that will have the biggest impact for good in the world is Will Crouch. 
Why? Because if you earn a lot of money, you can give away a lot of money, and if you're successful in that career, you could give enough to an aid organization so that it could employ, let's say, five aid workers in developing countries, and each one of them would probably do about as much good as you would have done. 
I think it's clear what's the better thing to do. 
But if you want to look for effective charities, this is a good website to go to. 
So it's very tough. If you want to look for other recommendations, thelifeyoucansave.com and Giving What We Can both have a somewhat broader list, but you can find effective organizations, and not just in the area of saving lives from the poor. 
So if you want to look for effective organizations to reduce that suffering, you can go to Effective Animal Activism. 
At this point, I was spending a lot of my evenings in -- well, I guess I still spend a lot of my evenings in Starbucks — but I know you can ask for an extra cup if you want one, so I decided to ask for 50. 
In the beginning of Goodbye Art, I focused on forced destruction, like this image of Jimi Hendrix, made with over 7,000 matches. 
When we use the word "architect" or "designer," what we usually mean is a professional, someone who gets paid, and we tend to assume that it's those professionals who are going to be the ones to help us solve the really big, systemic design challenges that we face like climate change, urbanization and social inequality. 
So, as a bottom-of-the-rung architecture graduate, I might expect to earn about 24,000 pounds. 
Actually, a building is about the most expensive solution you can think of to almost any given problem. 
They're far too small. They get congested between classes. 
And instead of having one school bell that goes off once, have several smaller school bells that go off in different places and different times, distribute the traffic through the corridors." 
And the problem is that, like a lot of design professions, we got fixated on the idea of providing a particular kind of consumer product, and I don't think that needs to be the case anymore. 
And a lot of people can't even afford them. 
And they're distributing massively really complex manufacturing capabilities. 
And the parts are all numbered, and basically what you end up with is a really big IKEA kit. 
They don't need a huge array of power tools or anything like that, and they can build a small house of about this size in about a day. 
 And what you end up with is just the basic chassis of a house onto which you can then apply systems like windows and cladding and insulation and services based on what's cheap and what's available. 
Probably the principal which runs deepest with us is the principal set out by Linus Torvalds, the open-source pioneer, which was that idea of, "Be lazy like a fox." 
The only difference between traditional vernacular architecture and open-source architecture might be a web connection, but it's a really, really big difference. 
We shared the whole of WikiHouse under a Creative Commons license, and now what's just beginning to happen is that groups around the world are beginning to take it and use it and hack it and tinker with it, and it's amazing. 
There's a cool group over in Christchurch in New Zealand looking at post-earthquake development housing, and thanks to the TED city Prize, we're working with an awesome group in one of Rio's favelas to set up a kind of community factory and micro-university. 
These are very, very small beginnings, and actually there's more people in the last week who have got in touch and they're not even on this map. 
We're aware that WikiHouse is a very, very small answer, but it's a small answer to a really, really big question, which is that globally, right now, the fastest-growing cities are not skyscraper cities. 
I might look successful and happy being in front of you today, but I once suffered from severe depression and was in total despair. 
The comfort the music gave me was just indescribable, and it was a real eye-opening experience for me too, and it totally changed my perspective on life and set me free from the pressure of becoming a successful violinist. 
I think, while I'm enjoying my life as a happy musician, I'm earning a lot more recognition than I've ever imagined. 
I really look forward to witnessing a transforming world by you, TEDsters. 
And we used to imagine that someday, they would actually come to life and they would crawl out of the resin, and, if they could, they would fly away. 
They were large. They were hairy. They had large tusks, and we seem to have a very deep connection with them, like we do with elephants. 
So the first large mammoth that appears on the scene is meridionalis, which was standing four meters tall weighing about 10 tons, and was a woodland-adapted species and spread from Western Europe clear across Central Asia, across the Bering land bridge and into parts of North America. 
And it was really only about 500,000 years later that we had the arrival of the woolly, the one that we all know and love so much, spreading from an East Beringian point of origin across Central Asia, again pushing the trogontherii out through Central Europe, and over hundreds of thousands of years migrating back and forth across the Bering land bridge and coming into direct contact with the Columbian relatives living in the south, 
And there they survive on the mainland until about 10,000 years ago, and actually, surprisingly, on the small islands off of Siberia and Alaska until about 3,000 years ago. 
So you have teeth, bones with blood which look like blood, you have hair, and you have intact carcasses or heads which still have brains in them. 
So those bacteria, along with the environmental bacteria, free water and oxygen, actually break apart the DNA into smaller and smaller and smaller DNA fragments, until all you have are fragments that range from 10 base pairs to, in the best case scenarios, a few hundred base pairs in length. 
And using state-of-the-art clean room technology, we've devised ways that we can actually pull these DNAs away from all the rest of the gunk in there, and it's not surprising to any of you sitting in the room that if I take a mammoth bone or a tooth and I extract its DNA that I'll get mammoth DNA, but I'll also get all the bacteria that once lived with the mammoth, 
But we've come up with very clever ways that we can actually discriminate, capture and discriminate, the mammoth from the non-mammoth DNA, and with the advances in high-throughput sequencing, we can actually pull out and bioinformatically re-jig all these small mammoth fragments and place them onto a backbone of an Asian or African elephant chromosome. 
Well, the mammoth genome is almost at full completion, and we know that it's actually really big. It's mammoth. 
And that this is not an uncommon feature in Proboscideans, because it turns out that large savanna male elephants will outcompete the smaller forest elephants for their females. 
So large, hairless Columbians outcompeting the smaller male woollies. 
It reminds me a bit of high school, unfortunately. 
 Ryan Phelan: Don't go away. 
But in truth, what I really would like to explain to the public and to the audiences of MoMA is that the most interesting chairs are the ones that are actually made by a robot, like this beautiful chair by Dirk Vander Kooij, where a robot deposits a toothpaste-like slur of recycled refrigerator parts, as if he were a big candy, and makes a chair out of it. 
But more recently, I've been trying really to go even deeper into interaction design with examples that are emotionally really suggestive and that really explain interaction design at a level that is almost undeniable. 
I'm bringing in the end of the world. You know? 
  You know, we have to go through that. 
That's what makes this acquisition more than a little game or a little joke. It's truly a way to think of how to preserve and show artifacts that will more and more become part of our lives in the future. 
And in order to explain interaction, we need to really bring people in and make them realize how interaction is part of their lives. 
So you would put into the PlayStation, you would put your own CD, and then the game would change alongside your music. So really fantastic. 
Eve Online is an artificial universe, if you wish, but one of the diplomats that was killed in Benghazi, not Ambassador Stevens, but one of his collaborators, was a really big shot in Eve Online, so here you have a diplomat in the real world that spends his time in Eve Online to kind of test, maybe, all of his ideas about diplomacy and about universe-building, and to the point that 
I mean, we're talking about an experience that of course can seem weird to many, but that is very educational. 
At MoMA, interestingly, there's a lot of violence depicted in the art part of the collection, but when I came to MoMA 19 years ago, and as an Italian, I said, "You know what, we need a Beretta." 
And one day, we'll get that code.  But I want to explain to you the criteria that we chose for interaction design. Aesthetics are really important. 
So the kind of interferences that you see here that look like beautiful barriers in the game are actually a consequence of the processor's limitedness, which is fantastic. So aesthetics is always important. 
Designers that deal with interaction design behaviors that go to influence the rest of our lives. 
In a way, you can see how video games are the purest aspect of interaction design and are very useful to explain what interaction is. 
I was afraid that they would kill us, and instead they understood, especially when I told them that I was trying to apply the same stratagem that Philip Johnson applied in 1934 when he wanted to make people understand the importance of design, and he took propeller blades and pieces of machinery and in the MoMA galleries he put them on white pedestals against white walls, as if they were Brancusi sculptures. 
So it's an acquisition where MoMA makes an arrangement with an airline and keeps the Boeing 747 flying. 
And it's too long to explain the acquisition, but if you want to go on the MoMA blog, there's a long post where I explain why it's such a great example of design. 
That whole range of issues that I'll refer to in shorthand as "gender violence issues," they've been seen as women's issues that some good men help out with, but I have a problem with that frame and I don't accept it. 
Right? A lot of men hear the term "women's issues" and we tend to tune it out, and we think, "Hey, I'm a guy. That's for the girls," or "That's for the women." 
And a lot of men literally don't get beyond the first sentence as a result. 
This is also true, by the way, of the word "gender," because a lot of people hear the word "gender" and they think it means "women." 
In the U.S., when we hear the word "race," a lot of people think that means African-American, Latino, Asian-American, Native American, South Asian, Pacific Islander, on and on. 
A lot of people, when they hear the word "sexual orientation" think it means gay, lesbian, bisexual. 
And a lot of people, when they hear the word "gender," think it means women. In each case, the dominant group doesn't get paid attention to. 
How can we change the socialization of boys and the definitions of manhood that lead to these current outcomes? 
Now, I understand that a lot of women who have been trying to speaking out about these issues, today and yesterday and for years and years, often get shouted down for their efforts. 
Because the typical perpetrator is not sick and twisted. 
Now, among the many great things that Martin Luther King said in his short life was, "In the end, what will hurt the most is not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends." 
In the end, what will hurt the most is not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends. 
Now, I know it's a bit pompous, my response, but it's an important distinction, because I don't believe that what we need is sensitivity training. 
I hope that, going forward, men and women, working together, can begin the change and the transformation that will happen so that future generations won't have the level of tragedy that we deal with on a daily basis. 
 And how about finances? Anybody check that today? 
Anybody check that today? 
Please join them. Turn off your air conditioning and turn on your fans." 
The people who received this message showed a marked decrease in energy consumption simply by being told what their neighbors were doing. 
I mean we leave the lights on in empty rooms, and we leave the air conditioning on when nobody's home. 
It was about children who were born with deformities, and their parents felt that once they were born they were not good enough to live in the society, so they were given some concoction to take and as a result they died. 
For the first time, I filmed on hidden camera the guys who do this, and they were ready to buy the arm and they were ready to use it to prepare those potions for people. 
Now, I happen to have followed one of my inmates, one of my friends, from his sick bed till death, and I can tell you it was not a nice thing at all. 
And that has aided in me putting a lot of people behind bars. 
That is why I was particularly excited when we launched our "Africa Investigates" series where we investigated a lot of African countries. 
So I went through the very legal process, because at the end of the day, the prison authorities want to check whether indeed you have been there or not, and that's how I got in there. 
And I'm only comfortable and I'm purged of fear whenever I am sure that all the steps have been taken. I don't do it alone. I have a backup team who help ensure that the safety and all the systems are put in place, but you've got to take very intelligent decisions whenever they are happening. 
So yes, when the backup systems are put in place, I'm okay, I go in. Risky, yes, but it's a hazard of a profession. 
So decades ago, not years ago, I set out to find a place in the world where I could observe dolphins underwater to try to crack the code of their communication system. 
They're born without spots, and they get spots with age, and they go through pretty distinct developmental phases, so that's fun to track their behavior. 
Now, young dolphins learn a lot as they're growing up, and they use their teenage years to practice social skills, and at about the age of nine, the females become sexually mature, so they can get pregnant, and the males mature quite a bit later, at around 15 years of age. 
But burst-pulsed sounds is a bit of a mystery. 
Now, it turns out burst-pulsed sounds actually look a bit like human phonemes. 
And one of the reasons we thought we could do this is because the dolphins were starting to show us a lot of mutual curiosity. 
Here they come, and then they're going to pick up the rope and drag it around as a toy. 
or a human plays the whistle, the sounds come in and are localized by two hydrophones. 
I mean, imagine what it would be like to really understand the mind of another intelligent species on the planet. 
He said, "It's tough to make predictions, especially about the future." 
In the world that we are creating very quickly, we're going to see more and more things that look like science fiction, and fewer and fewer things that look like jobs. 
We're going to hook Siri up to Watson and use that to automate a lot of the work that's currently done by customer service reps and troubleshooters and diagnosers, and we're already taking R2D2, painting him orange, and putting him to work carrying shelves around warehouses, which means we need a lot fewer people to be walking up and down those aisles. 
So when I look around, I think the day is not too far off at all when we're going to have androids doing a lot of the work that we are doing right now. 
Not that there's a lot of competition, right? 
The first is, technological progress is what allows us to continue this amazing recent run that we're on where output goes up over time, while at the same time, prices go down, and volume and quality just continue to explode. 
And Reuther shoots back, "Hey Henry, how are you going to get them to buy cars?" 
Reuther's problem in that anecdote is that it is tough to offer your labor to an economy that's full of machines, and we see this very clearly in the statistics. 
We all know a lot of the statistics, but just to repeat one of them, median income in America has actually gone down over the past 15 years, and we're in danger of getting trapped in some vicious cycle where inequality and polarization continue to go up over time. 
To tell you the kinds of societal challenges that are going to come up in the new machine age, I want to tell a story about two stereotypical American workers. 
So I cannot tell a happy story about these social trends, and they don't show any signs of reversing themselves. 
We're facing very tough challenges. 
And then we're off to the races, because I don't believe for a second that we have forgotten how to solve tough challenges or that we have become too apathetic or hard-hearted to even try. 
So you might wonder, what's the deal here? 
Six months later there was a guy on set, a mime portraying the body, the vehicle for the head. 
Actually, I knew what these things would look like in my mind for many, many years. 
It was kind of a perfect triangle in which the art buyer was happy because he got the instruments at a cheaper price, because they weren't even made. He took a leap of faith. 
And the artist, Dominique Engel, brilliant guy, he was happy too because he had a dream project to work on for a year. 
And obviously I was happy because I got the instruments in my film for free, which was kind of what I tried to do. 
But people told me, you know, Martin, it's impossible, the guy is too busy and he will say no. 
Well, I said, you know what, instead of mimicking his style, I might as well call the real guy and ask him, and I sent him my books, and he answered that he was interested in working on the film with me because he could be a big fish in a small aquarium. 
So, again, my solution was to aim for the best possible artist that I could think of. 
So if you don't have money to offer to people, you must strike their imagination with something as nice as you can think of. 
Of course, there are the bases, which refer to specific sexual activities that happen in a very specific order, ultimately resulting in scoring a run or hitting a home run, which is usually having vaginal intercourse to the point of orgasm, at least for the guy. 
Let's take baseball and pizza and compare it when talking about three aspects of sexual activity: the trigger for sexual activity, what happens during sexual activity, and the expected outcome of sexual activity. 
Can you imagine saying to your coach, "Uh, I'm not really feeling it today, I think I'll sit this game out." 
And in this case, difference is good, because that's going to increase the chance that we're having a satisfying experience. 
You don't. But you do look for, "Are we satisfied?" 
A lot of sexuality education that happens today is so influenced by the baseball model, and it sets up education that can't help but produce unhealthy sexuality in young people. 
And those young people become older people. 
But if we could create sexuality education that was more like pizza, we could create education that invites people to think about their own desires, to make deliberate decisions about what they want, to talk about it with their partners, and to ultimately look for not some external outcome but for what feels satisfying, and we get to decide that. 
The librarians were afraid their jobs were going to disappear. 
And they take the dirty sheets down to the laundry. 
They take the dirty dishes back to the kitchen. 
It feels the force, understands that Chris is there and doesn't push through him and hurt him. 
And when he grabs an arm, it goes into zero-force gravity-compensated mode and graphics come up on the screen. 
He comes over here, and he gets the fingers to grasp together, and the robot infers, ah, you want an object for me to pick up. 
He's going to map out an area of where the robot should pick up the object from. 
And now he's going to go off and train the visual appearance of that object while we continue talking. 
They're older, and they're getting older and older. 
But more than that, as we get older we get more frail and we can't do all the tasks we used to do. 
If we look at the statistics on the ages of caregivers, before our eyes those caregivers are getting older and older. 
And I think robotics gives people a chance to have dignity as they get older by having control of the robotic solution. 
We are a small fishing tribe situated on the southeastern tip of Long Island near the town of Southampton in New York. 
As I stand under them, I see not just a cloud, but understand that what I have the privilege to witness is the same forces, the same process in a small-scale version that helped to create our galaxy, our solar system, our sun and even this very planet. 
We will demonstrate the concept of machine athleticism and the research to achieve it with the help of these flying machines called quadrocopters, or quads, for short. 
 Okay, you should be asking yourself, why doesn't the water fall out of the glass? 
You put these two things together, the net result is that all side forces on the glass are small and are mainly dominated by aerodynamic effects, which at these speeds are negligible. 
What I have in front of me is a commercial gesture sensor mainly used in gaming. 
But I will in the end urge you to rethink, actually take risks, and get involved in what I see as a global evolution of democracy. 
You see, then Greece was under control of a very powerful establishment which was strangling the country, and my father was heading a promising movement to reimagine Greece, to imagine a Greece where freedom reigned and where, maybe, the people, the citizens, could actually rule their own country. 
But the deficit was only the symptom of much deeper problems that Greece was facing, and I had been elected on a mandate, a mission, actually, to tackle these problems, whether it was lack of transparency and accountability in governance, or whether it was a clientelistic state offering favors to the powerful -- tax avoidance abetted and aided by a global tax evasion system, politics and media captured by special interests. 
And then we were surprised when every ad hoc new measure didn't bring an end to the crisis, and of course that made it very easy to look for a whipping boy for our collective European failure, and of course that was Greece. 
Well, a convenient but unfounded stereotype that sometimes hurt even more than austerity itself. 
This could be the pattern that leaders follow again and again when we deal with these complex, cross-border problems, whether it's climate change, whether it's migration, whether it's the financial system. 
That is, abandoning our collective power to imagine our potential, falling victims to our fears, our stereotypes, our dogmas, taking our citizens out of the process rather than building the process around our citizens. 
If politics is the power to imagine and use our potential, well then 60-percent youth unemployment in Greece, and in other countries, certainly is a lack of imagination if not a lack of compassion. 
Let's see if we can't design a European agora, not simply for products and services, but for our citizens, where they can work together, deliberate, learn from each other, exchange between art and cultures, where they can come up with creative solutions. 
Let's imagine that European citizens actually have the power to vote directly for a European president, or citizen juries chosen by lottery which can deliberate on critical and controversial issues, a European-wide referendum where our citizens, as the lawmakers, vote on future treaties. 
And that hurt. That hurt because that, first of all, hurt the younger generation, and not only, many of them are demonstrating outside, but I think this is one of our problems. 
BG: You seem to suggest that the way forward is more Europe, and that is not to be an easy discourse right now in most European countries. 
By 2011, this had gone up to 300,000 hours, outstripping human ability to review it all, but even that number is about to go up drastically. 
Now we saw an example of this in 2011 when an American RQ-170 Sentinel drone got a bit confused over Iran due to a GPS spoofing attack, but any remotely-piloted drone is susceptible to this type of attack, and that means drones will have to shoulder more decision-making. 
It could make military action a viable option not just for small nations, but criminal organizations, private enterprise, even powerful individuals. 
Popular movements agitating for change could be detected early and their leaders eliminated before their ideas achieve critical mass. 
And this would put a chill on free speech and popular political action, the very heart of democracy. 
Now we already have international treaties on nuclear and biological weapons, and, while imperfect, these have largely worked. 
You know that all over the world, people fight for their freedom, fight for their rights. 
You and your mom should be put in jail.'" I've never been afraid to tell Aboody anything. 
You see, I'm a Saudi woman who had been put in jail for driving a car in a country where women are not supposed to drive cars. 
Outside the jail, the whole country went into a frenzy, some attacking me badly, and others supportive and even collecting signatures in a petition to be sent to the king to release me. 
The streets were packed with police cars and religious police cars, but some hundred brave Saudi women broke the ban and drove that day. 
This system is based on ultra-conservative traditions and customs that deal with women as if they are inferior and they need a guardian to protect them, so they need to take permission from this guardian, whether verbal or written, all their lives. 
And it becomes worse when it's enshrined in religious fatwas based on wrong interpretation of the sharia law, or the religious laws. 
What's worst, when they become codified as laws in the system, and when women themselves believe in their inferiority, and they even fight those who try to question these rules. 
Because I believe a society will not be free if the women of that society are not free. 
There are a lot of people also -- very big support, like those 3,000 people who signed the petition to release me. 
There were people like that, I just showed some examples, who are amazing, who are believing in women's rights in Saudi Arabia, and trying, and they are also facing a lot of hate because of speaking up and voicing their views. 
Saudi Arabia today is taking small steps toward enhancing women's rights. 
So for me, it's not about only these small steps. 
A standard exponential growth corresponds to a constant growth rate, let's say, of 10 percent The point is that, many times during bubbles, there are positive feedbacks which can be of many times, push forward, increase the next growth through this kind of super-exponential growth, which is very trenchant, not sustainable. 
Epileptic seizures also come in a large variety of size, and when the brain goes to a super-critical state, you have dragon-kings which have a degree of predictability and this can help the patient to deal with this illness. 
Let me tell you just one or two stories that deal with massive bubbles. 
There is the Beijing Olympic Games coming in August 2008, and it's very clear that the Chinese government is controlling the economy and doing what it takes to also avoid any wave and control the stock market." 
In 2009, we also identified that this new bubble, a smaller one, was unsustainable, so we published again a prediction, in advance, stating that by August 2009, the market will correct, will not continue on this track. 
We don't release the report. It's kept secret. 
But with modern encrypting techniques, we have a hash, we publish a public key, and six months later, we release the report, and there is authentication. 
Let me tease you with a very recent analysis. 
Over the last 28 years, this tough, grinding, dirty work has been done by literally thousands of people around Australia and, more recently, overseas, and their work has proven that focused design can improve even the poorest living environments. 
Eighty percent of what walked in the door, in terms of illness, was infectious disease -- third world, developing world infectious disease, caused by a poor living environment. 
Yami told us at that first meeting, "There's no money," -- always a good start -- " ... no money, you have six months, and I want you to start on a project --" which, in his language, he called "Uwankara Palyanku Kanyintjaku," which, translated, is "a plan to stop people getting sick" -- a profound brief. 
[The 9 Healthy Living Practices: Washing, clothes, wastewater, nutrition, crowding, animals, dust, temperature, injury] I was very unimpressed. Big ideas need big words, and preferably a lot of them. 
The pictures that came a bit later had a very simple reason. 
So we had the goals and each one of these goals -- and I won't go through them all -- puts at the center the person and their health issue, and it then connects them to the bits of the physical environment that are actually needed to keep their health good. 
Seventy percent of the work we do is due to lack of routine maintenance -- the sort of things that happen in all our houses. 
As our Aboriginal mate said, "You white fellows ought to get out more." 
The dung beetles ate the camel dung, the flies died through lack of food, and trachoma dropped. 
All these small health gains and small pieces of the puzzle make a big difference. 
We were asked by a small village of 600 people to go in and make toilets where none existed. 
Later we found the leading cause of illness and death in this particular region is through respiratory failure. 
The gas gives three to four hours cooking a day -- clean, smokeless and free for the family. 
I want to end by saying it's been the actions of thousands of ordinary human beings doing -- I think -- extraordinary work, that have actually improved health, and, maybe only in a small way, reduced poverty. 
In 2008, one of the problems that we faced was lack of information flow. 
I'm very lucky to work with two amazing collaborators. 
And after that initial prototype, we set out to make free and open-source software so that others do not have to start from scratch like we did. 
And we were able to grow this software footprint, and a few years later it became very useful software, and we were quite humbled when it was used in Haiti where citizens could indicate where they are and what their needs were, and also to deal with the fallout from the nuclear crisis and the tsunami in Japan. 
We did not imagine that there would be this many maps around the world. 
I had never had to deal with a blackout. 
And then, guess what? You have to deal with it again. 
This is the reality that we deal with. 
So we put it on Kickstarter, and I'm happy to say that, through the support of many people, not only here but online, the BRCK has been Kickstarted, and now the interesting part of bringing this to market begins. 
I will close by saying that, if we solve this for the local market, it could be impactful not only for the coders in Nairobi but also for small business owners who need reliable connectivity, and it can reduce the cost of connecting, and hopefully collaboration within African countries. 
I would wander the streets searching for food, and I remember seeing a small child tied to a mother's back eating chips, and wanting to steal them from him. 
Sometimes, I found small jobs in exchange for food. 
After three years of waiting for my sister's return, I decided to go to China to look for her myself. 
I was only 11 or 12, but it hurt me deeply. 
My foster father's small act of love reminded me of my father, who would love to share his food with me when he was hungry, even if he was starving. 
In the same way, you may also change someone's life with even the smallest act of love. 
I just wanted to say that I miss you, and I love you, and please come back to me and stay alive. 
 Yes, I'm just looking forward to seeing you, and if you can't find me, I will also look for you, and I hope to see you one day. 
And can I also make a small message to my mom? 
So a human encountering the divine, as Muslims believe Muhammad did, to the rationalist, this is a matter not of fact but of wishful fiction, and like all of us, I like to think of myself as rational. 
In his own reported words, he was convinced at first that what had happened couldn't have been real. 
This might be somewhat difficult to grasp now that we use the word "awesome" to describe a new app or a viral video. 
Yet whether you're a rationalist or a mystic, whether you think the words Muhammad heard that night came from inside himself or from outside, what's clear is that he did experience them, and that he did so with a force that would shatter his sense of himself and his world and transform this otherwise modest man into a radical advocate for social and economic justice. 
If this seems a startling idea at first, consider that doubt, as Graham Greene once put it, is the heart of the matter. 
They found the perfect antidote to thought and the ideal refuge of the hard demands of real faith. 
She remembered, for example, when her mother had broken a leg and went into the hospital, and she had a lot of x-rays, and two of them were leg x-rays, which made sense, but six of them were chest x-rays, which didn't. 
She argued and argued, and finally she struck lucky when a researcher came through town studying the history of mines in the area, and she told him her story, and at first, of course, like everyone, he didn't believe her, but he went back to Seattle and he did his own research and he realized that she was right. 
There's a lot of willful blindness around these days. 
You could see willful blindness Willful blindness exists on epic scales like those, and it also exists on very small scales, in people's families, in people's homes and communities, and particularly in organizations and institutions. 
Companies that have been studied for willful blindness can be asked questions like, "Are there issues at work that people are afraid to raise?" 
Eighty-five percent. That's a lot of silence. 
It's a lot of blindness. 
What the research shows is that some people are blind out of fear. They're afraid of retaliation. 
Nobody would want to go through something like that." 
I think of Joe Darby. 
She came up to me one night, and she just said, 'Dad, you can't let the kids die.'" Or I think of Cynthia Thomas, a really loyal army daughter and army wife, who, as she saw her friends and relations coming back from the Iraq War, was so shocked by their mental condition and the refusal of the military to recognize and acknowledge post-traumatic stress syndrome that she set up a cafe in the middle of a military town 
We all enjoy so many freedoms today, hard-won freedoms: the freedom to write and publish without fear of censorship, a freedom that wasn't here the last time I came to Hungary; a freedom to vote, which women in particular had to fight so hard for; the freedom for people of different ethnicities and cultures and sexual orientation to live the way that they want. 
And what they're very prepared to do is recognize that yes, this is going to be an argument, and yes I'm going to have a lot of rows with my neighbors and my colleagues and my friends, but I'm going to become very good at this conflict. 
When I went to Libby, Montana, I visited the asbestosis clinic that Gayla Benefield brought into being, a place where at first some of the people who wanted help and needed medical attention went in the back door because they didn't want to acknowledge that she'd been right. 
And everybody there agreed this woman was very sick and she needed to be in the hospital. 
Yet when it came to a disease like diabetes that kills Americans eight times more frequently than melanoma, I never once questioned the conventional wisdom. 
Despite exercising three or four hours every single day, and following the food pyramid to the letter, I'd gained a lot of weight and developed something called metabolic syndrome. 
You can think of insulin as this master hormone that controls what our body does with the foods we eat, whether we burn it or store it. 
Now your blood sugar levels start to rise, and an entire cascade of pathologic events sort of spirals out of control that can lead to heart disease, cancer, even Alzheimer's disease, and amputations, just like that woman a few years earlier. 
But most important, I was left with these three burning questions that wouldn't go away: How did this happen to me if I was supposedly doing everything right? 
You can think of insulin resistance as the reduced capacity of our cells to partition fuel, as I alluded to a moment ago, taking those calories that we take in and burning some appropriately and storing some appropriately. 
And because fat cells are actually missing most of the complex cellular machinery found in other cells, it's probably the safest place to store it. 
Consider the following analogy: Think of the bruise you get on your shin when you inadvertently bang your leg into the coffee table. 
Now, imagine we thought bruises were the problem, and we evolved a giant medical establishment and a culture around treating bruises: masking creams, painkillers, you name it, all the while ignoring the fact that people are still banging their shins into coffee tables. 
And by the way, they don't appear to be at any greater risk of disease than lean people. 
Now, we know that refined grains and starches elevate your blood sugar in the short run, and there's even reason to believe that sugar may lead to insulin resistance directly. 
I don't know how this journey is going to end, but this much seems clear to me, at least: We can't keep blaming our overweight and diabetic patients like I did. 
I dream of a day when our patients can shed their excess pounds and cure themselves of insulin resistance, because as medical professionals, we've shed our excess mental baggage and cured ourselves of new idea resistance sufficiently to go back to our original ideals: open minds, the courage to throw out yesterday's ideas when they don't appear to be working, and the understanding that scientific truth isn't final, but constantly evolving. 
 "I don't want to hurt them. That doesn't seem very funny to me." 
But this is a worse one. 
Cartoonists come in through the magazine every week. 
Now here's a little video made by Matt Diffee, sort of how they imagine if we really exaggerated that. 
Definitely no. [Several hours after lunch]  No. Get out of here. 
I'm going to explain why. 
So within this context, "Asshead. Please help" is a benign violation. 
You're reading about this smart stuff, this intelligent dissection of the immune system. 
You glance over at this, and it says, "Asshead. Please help"? God. 
"Two years younger than you, 12 years older than you, three years your junior, your age on the dot, exactly your age." 
"My boss is always telling me what to do." Okay? 
But for us, and for me, helping design the humor, it doesn't make any sense to compare one to the other. 
What I think is important is that, if it's clear that we exterminated these species, then I think we not only have a moral obligation to see what we can do about it, but I think we've got a moral imperative to try to do something, if we can. 
And you can imagine the medical world went nuts over this as well. 
This was very exciting, but there was no reason why we should expect that this would work, because this tissue had not had any antifreeze put in it, cryoprotectants, to look after it when it was frozen. 
What we did is something called somatic cell nuclear transplantation. 
What we're trying to do is take a dead nucleus from an extinct species and put it into a completely different species and expect that to work. 
Well, we had no real reason to expect it would, and we tried hundreds and hundreds of these. 
Unfortunately, we also found a lot of human DNA. 
We found nuclear mitochondrial genes. 
If the only nuclear DNA that goes into this hybrid cell is thylacine DNA, that's the only thing that can pop out the other end of the devil. 
They were being kept as pets, and we know a lot of bush tales and memories of people who had them as pets, and they say they were wonderful, friendly. 
All human societies develop in linear progression, beginning with primitive society, then slave society, feudalism, capitalism, socialism, and finally, guess where we end up? 
Sooner or later, electoral democracy will be the only political system for all countries and all peoples, with a free market to make them all rich. 
In the last 20 years, Western elites tirelessly trotted around the globe selling this prospectus: Multiple parties fight for political power and everyone voting on them is the only path to salvation to the long-suffering developing world. 
Those who buy the prospectus are destined for success. 
But this time, the Chinese didn't buy it. 
The vast majority of senior Chinese leaders worked and competed their way to the top. Compare that with the ruling elites in both developed and developing countries, I think you'll find the Party being near the top in upward mobility. 
Now, please don't get me wrong, okay? 
 Before becoming governor of Texas, or Barack Obama before running for president, could not make even a small county manager in China's system. 
Those who expect the future to be better: a whopping 82 percent. 
Governments get elected, and then they fall below 50 percent approval in a few months and stay there and get worse until the next election. 
At this rate, I'm afraid it is democracy, not China's one-party system, that is in danger of losing legitimacy. 
Are we brave enough to welcome it? 
Are you happy with the garbage collection? 
Are you happy with the general direction of the country? 
 BG: Many seem to agree. 
But then you've just mentioned other elements like, you know, big challenges, and there are, of course, a lot of other data that go in a different direction: tens of thousands of unrests and protests and environmental protests, etc. 
So you seem to suggest the Chinese model doesn't have a space outside of the Party for civil society to express itself. 
Because the only way we can actually find out how many children were vaccinated in the country of Indonesia, what percentage were vaccinated, is actually not on the Internet, but by going out and knocking on doors, sometimes tens of thousands of doors. 
The only thing anyone was trying to find out is what percentage of Zambian children are vaccinated, and this is the data, collected on paper over weeks, from a single district, which is something like a county in the United States. 
You can imagine that, for the entire country of Zambia, answering just that single question ... 
And what makes it even worse is that's just the beginning. 
I probably made a lot of mistakes when I did it that no one ever discovered, so data quality goes down. 
Because if there's anything worse in the field of global public health -- I don't know what's worse than allowing children on this planet to die of vaccine-preventable diseases -- diseases for which the vaccine costs a dollar. 
It kind of frightens me to think of how long ago that was. 
I was working in the Centers for Disease Control and I had a lot more hair back then as well. 
The demand for this, the need for data to run better programs just within health -- not to mention all of the other fields in developing countries -- is enormous. 
And so I began to think of ways in which I could basically take myself out of the picture. 
You may not think of Hotmail as being miraculous, but for me it was miraculous, because I noticed, just as I was wrestling with this problem -- I was working in sub-Saharan Africa, mostly, at the time -- I noticed that every sub-Saharan African health worker that I was working with had a Hotmail account. 
In the second three years, we had 14,000 people find the website, sign up and start using it to collect data: data for disaster response, Canadian pig farmers tracking pig disease and pig herds, people tracking drug supplies. 
We've made a lot of progress, but I recognize that right now, even the work that we've done with 14,000 people using this is still a drop in the bucket. 
And so people think of clouds as things that get in the way. 
They think of them as the annoying, frustrating obstructions, and then they rush off and do some blue-sky thinking. 
It's like a nostalgic fondness, and they make them think of their youth. 
It's just that these days, us adults seem reluctant to allow ourselves the indulgence of just allowing our imaginations to drift along in the breeze, and I think that's a pity. 
I think we should perhaps do a bit more of it. 
I think we should be a bit more willing, perhaps, to look at the beautiful sight of the sunlight bursting out from behind the clouds and go, "Wait a minute, that's two cats dancing the salsa!" 
It's composed entirely of ice crystals cascading from the upper reaches of the troposphere, and as these ice crystals fall, they pass through different layers with different winds and they speed up and slow down, giving the cloud these brush-stroked appearances, these brush-stroke forms known as fall streaks. 
It's like a bit of everyday meditation. 
This is when a layer is made up of very, very cold water droplets, and in one region they start to freeze, and this freezing sets off a chain reaction which spreads outwards with the ice crystals cascading and falling down below, giving the appearance of jellyfish tendrils down below. 
If you close your eyes and think of a cloud, it's probably one of these that comes to mind. 
Yeah. I'm also going to explain, a lot of people want to know where we got the name Sleepy Man Banjo Boys from. 
Yes, it is. What is worse is that it is very expensive. 
Now, imagine this tiny, microscopic mushroom. 
It will proliferate between the root's cells, eventually penetrating a cell and starting to form a typical arbuscular structure, which will considerably increase the exchange interface between the plant and the mushroom. 
A very small amount of phosphorus will remain in the soil. 
So if you were to ask me what my retirement dream is, which will be at the moment we reach that phosphorus peak, it would be that we use one label, "Made with mycorrhiza," and that my children and grandchildren buy products bearing that label too. 
Until his death in 2006, he was the all-powerful leader of Turkmenistan, a Central Asian country rich in natural gas. 
We've spent a great deal of time investigating a $1 billion -- that's right, a $1 billion — oil deal that he was involved with, and what we found was pretty shocking, but more about that later. 
And for what was then a very small organization of just a few people, trying to even begin to think how we might tackle that was an enormous challenge. 
A bank in Paris held accounts of companies controlled by him, one of which was used to buy the art, and American banks, well, they funneled 73 million dollars into the States, some of which was used to buy that California mansion. 
He used one to buy the property, and another, which was in somebody else's name, to pay the huge bills it cost to run the place. 
Now, it was then much later traded on with the kind assistance of the Nigerian government -- now I have to be careful what I say here — to subsidiaries of Shell and the Italian Eni, two of the biggest oil companies around. 
for me to tell you that banks accept dirty money, but they prioritize their profits in other destructive ways too. 
So we sent an undercover investigator in to secretly film meetings with members of the ruling elite, and the resulting footage, well, it made some people very angry, and you can see that on YouTube, but it proved what we had long suspected, because it showed how the state's chief minister, despite his later denials, used his control over land and forest licenses to enrich himself and his family. 
Well, we've all heard about what they are, I think, and we all know they're used quite a bit by people and companies who are trying to avoid paying their proper dues to society, also known as taxes. 
In virtually every case of corruption that we've investigated, shell companies have appeared, and sometimes it's been impossible to find out who is really involved in the deal. 
Okay, maybe it's a bit of a cliché to talk about them. 
Now that's a hell of a lot of schools and universities and hospitals and business startups, many of which haven't materialized and never will because some of that money has simply been stolen away. 
Now, on the surface, the deal appeared straightforward. 
Now, it just shouldn't take these sorts of efforts to find out where the money in deals like this went. 
It's too complex and difficult to change. 
In the oil and mining sector, for example, there is now the beginning of a truly worldwide transparency standard that could tackle some of these problems. 
In 1999, when Global Witness called for oil companies to make payments on deals transparent, well, some people laughed at the extreme naiveté of that small idea. 
But literally hundreds of civil society groups to fight for transparency, and now it's fast becoming the norm and the law. 
My little boy reminded me that for all the technology and all the toys in the world, sometimes just a small block of wood, if you stack it up tall, actually is an incredibly inspiring thing. 
The scale of the challenge for architects and for society to deal with in building is to find a solution to house these people. 
And although a lot of that is about energy, it's also so much about carbon. 
These are panels made with young trees, small growth trees, small pieces of wood glued together to make panels that are enormous: eight feet wide, 64 feet long, and of various thicknesses. 
The way I describe this best, I've found, is to say that we're all used to two-by-four construction when we think about wood. 
But do remember when you were a kid, and you kind of sifted through the pile in your basement, and you found that big 24-dot brick of Lego, and you were kind of like, "Cool, this is awesome. I can build something really big, and this is going to be great." 
And there's a lot of really good questions that are asked and important questions that we spent quite a long time working on the answers to as we put together our report and the peer reviewed report. 
And the way I describe it is this. 
But to build a fire, you kind of start with small pieces of wood and you work your way up, and eventually you can add the log to the fire, and when you do add the log to the fire, of course, it burns, but it burns slowly. 
We're at the beginning of a revolution, I hope, in the way we build, because this is the first new way to build a skyscraper in probably 100 years or more. 
And the way I describe it is this. 
We built this model in New York, actually, as a theoretical model on the campus of a technical university soon to come, and the reason we picked this site to just show you what these buildings may look like, because the exterior can change. 
Buildings are starting to go up around the world. 
Then we showed it in dolphins, and then later in elephants. 
This is Delphi and Pan, and you're going to see Delphi hitting a key, he hears a computer-generated whistle --  -- and gets a ball, so they can actually ask for things they want. 
I work with a lot of musicians from around the world, and often we don't have any common language at all, but we sit down behind our instruments, and suddenly there's a way for us to connect and emote. 
At first they did what infants do, and then I asked, through Sue, if Panbanisha could try with one finger only. 
And we were happy with ourselves. 
So can you please go ahead? 
And they share 97 percent of our DNA and are incredibly intelligent, so it's so exciting to think of all the opportunities that we have via technology and the Internet to really enrich their lives and open up their world. 
Please go ahead. 
And the third user group, in Thailand, is Think Elephants. Go ahead, Josh. 
NG: Okay, that's great. Thanks Josh. 
So at that point, if we can go back to the other computer, we were starting to think about how you integrate the rest of the biomass of the planet into the Internet, and we went to the best possible person I can think of, which is Vint Cerf, who is one of the founders who gave us the Internet. Vint? 
The Internet of Things tell us that a lot of computer-enabled appliances and devices are going to become part of this system too: appliances that you use around the house, that you use in your office, that you carry around with yourself or in the car. 
Now, what's important about what these people are doing is that they're beginning to learn how to communicate with species that are not us but share a common sensory environment. 
We're beginning to explore what it means to communicate with something that isn't just another person. 
JC: Right, and do you have a web address that we might look for yet? 
So there's a lot of back-end signal processing, not for one to many, but for many to many. 
JC: Right, and then on a practical level, which technologies are you looking at first? 
When the disease hit so close to home, I knew I needed to learn more. 
That's older than my dad. 
So, I set up scientific criteria as to what a sensor would have to look like in order to effectively diagnose pancreatic cancer. 
So, I decided to go and make it my new mission to go through all these proteins, and see which ones could serve as a bio-marker for pancreatic cancer. 
And to make it a bit simpler for myself, I decided to map out scientific criteria, and here it is. 
And despite their extremely small sizes, they have these incredible properties. 
 As you can never say no to a kid. 
One small paper sensor that costs three cents and takes five minutes to run. 
By switching out that antibody, you can look at a different protein, thus, a different disease -- potentially any disease in the entire world. 
And that our hearts will be rid of that one disease burden that comes from pancreatic, ovarian and lung cancer, and potentially any disease. 
It's a neutral space, where what you look like, age or gender -- it doesn't matter. 
So if a 15 year-old who didn't even know what a pancreas was could find a new way to detect pancreatic cancer -- just imagine what you could do. 
Some of it is controlled, like music or theater, but most of it is chaotic and incoherent, which some of us refer to as noise. 
When I began recording in the late '60s, the typical methods of recording were limited to the fragmented capture of individual species like birds mostly, in the beginning, but later animals like mammals and amphibians. 
There were a lot of them. 
 Well, a year later I returned, and using the same protocols and recording under the same conditions, I recorded a number of examples of the same dawn choruses, and now this is what we've got. 
It's a very sad story, but it really illustrates how animals can sometimes show emotion, a very controversial subject among some older biologists. 
And one afternoon, while he was recording, there suddenly appeared from out of nowhere a couple of game wardens, who for no apparent reason, walked over to the beaver dam, dropped a stick of dynamite down it, blowing it up, killing the female and her young babies. 
then I'm entirely of that funny little country known as England, except I left England as soon as I completed my undergraduate education, and all the time I was growing up, I was the only kid in all my classes who didn't begin to look like the classic English heroes represented in our textbooks. 
then I'm very much of the United States, and I have been for 48 years now, since I was a really small child. 
"Really?" I said. I'm always a bit skeptical when people say things like that. 
"Hmm." I was beginning to get slightly intrigued. "What is it?" 
Small but eminently comfortable, it had a bed and a rocking chair and a long desk and even longer picture windows looking out on a small, private, walled garden, and then 1,200 feet of golden pampas grass running down to the sea. 
And I sat down, and I began to write, and write, and write, even though I'd gone there really to get away from my desk. 
And home, in the end, is of course not just the place where you sleep. 
My mother had to do a lot of explaining, telling people that her son did not commit a premeditated arson. 
After fixing, breaking, redesigning, mending, bending and amending, my ideal bow began to take shape, and when it was finally done, it looked like this. 
In the end, the grass is often greener on my side of the fence, although we don't realize it. 
My ideal world is a place where no one is left behind, where everyone is needed exactly where they are, like the fibers and the tendons in a bow, a place where the strong is flexible and the vulnerable is resilient. 
In the 1970s, the One Percent accounted for about 10 percent of the national income in the United States. 
Buffett likes to point out that in 1992, the combined wealth of the people on the Forbes 400 list -- and this is the list of the 400 richest Americans -- was 300 billion dollars. 
A lot of these political factors can be broadly lumped under the category of "crony capitalism," political changes that benefit a group of well-connected insiders but don't actually do much good for the rest of us. 
Think of all the years reformers of various stripes have tried to get rid of corruption in Russia, for instance, or how hard it is to re-regulate the banks even after the most profound financial crisis since the Great Depression, or even how difficult it is to get the big multinational companies, including those whose motto might be "don't do evil," to pay taxes at a rate even approaching that paid by the middle class. 
As a result, if you are very, very smart and very, very lucky, you can get very, very rich very, very quickly. 
Think of your dishwasher or your t-shirt. 
For all that it is raising hundreds of millions of people out of poverty in the emerging markets, it's also outsourcing a lot of jobs from the developed Western economies. 
But it's important to remember that before we learned how to share the fruits of the Industrial Revolution with the broad swathes of society, we had to go through two depressions, the Great Depression of the 1930s, the Long Depression of the 1870s, two world wars, communist revolutions in Russia and in China, and an era of tremendous social and political upheaval in the West. 
 I usually do this kind of thing in seedy downtown bars and on street corners, so this mightn't be the most appropriate setting, but I'd like to give you guys a bit of a demonstration about what I do. 
Because it is a bit of a niche market, and there's not much work going on, especially where I'm from. 
So I do a lot of my work outside Brisbane and outside Australia, and so the pursuit of this crazy passion of mine has enabled me to see so many amazing places in the world. 
Music lovers and jazz lovers alike, please give a warm hand of applause for the one and only Mr. Peeping Tom. Take it away. 
So I think, I found the best way to describe my journey is just to mention a few little things that have happened to me throughout my life. 
There's three particular things that I've done, and I'll just describe those first, and then talk about some of my work. 
So we made it very small, so things were about 30 nanometers in size; making it very cold, so at liquid helium temperatures; and changing environment by changing the voltage, and the electrons could make flow around a loop one at a time, on and off, a little memory node. 
And a lot of that learning, I think, came from being on that farm, because when I was working on the farm, we'd have to use what was around us, we'd have to use the environment, and there was no such thing because you're in an environment where, if you can't do what you need to do, you can die, and, you know, I had seen that sort of thing happen. 
So we have a piece of paper with conductive ink on, and then add onto that a small circuit board with a couple of chips, one to run some capacitive touch software, so we know where we've touched it, and the other to run, quite often, some wireless software so the piece of paper can connect. 
So I'll just describe a couple of things that we've created. 
I'll just describe how this works. 
I just love bringing technology together, having a lot of fun, being creative. 
It's very hard to get out of these twin traditions. 
And I'm going to go through some of them. 
Watch. I decide consciously to raise my arm, and the damn thing goes up.  Furthermore, notice this: We do not say, "Well, it's a bit like the weather in Geneva. 
Some days it goes up and some days it doesn't go up." 
You see, the distinction between reality and illusion is the distinction between how things consciously seem to us and how they really are. 
But for that distinction between how things consciously seem and how they really are, you can't make that distinction for the very existence of consciousness, because where the very existence of consciousness is concerned, if it consciously seems to you that you are conscious, you are conscious. 
I don't think that for a moment, because, I mean, Descartes may have made a lot of mistakes, but he was right about this. 
So I don't just have the sight of the people in front of me and the sound of my voice and the weight of my shoes against the floor, but they occur to me as part of one single great conscious field that stretches forward and backward. 
Okay, the next feature of consciousness, after this marvelous unified conscious field, is that it functions causally in our behavior. 
Now, think of what I told you. 
I spent a lot of money on this hardware. 
So if I was to ask you a bottle of Tide detergent and sweat was, you'd probably think that's the easiest question that you're going to be asked in Edinburgh all week. 
So there's a network of computers that are challenged to solve a very complex mathematical problem and the person that manages to solve it first gets the Bitcoins. 
And the Bitcoins are released, they're put into a public ledger called the Blockchain, and then they float, so they become a currency, and completely decentralized, that's the sort of scary thing about this, which is why it's so popular. 
And what's interesting is that you can see that hierarchy is having a bit of a wobble, and it's all about heterarchical now, so people trust people like themselves more than they trust corporations and governments. 
In that context, you can see that networks like Bitcoin suddenly start to make a bit more sense. 
So if you think we're starting to question and disrupt and interrogate what money means, what our relationship with it is, what defines money, then the ultimate extension of that is, is there a reason for the government to be in charge of money anymore? 
So you can buy apps and make purchases within those apps, but you think about Amazon, you look at the trust barometer that I showed you where people are starting to trust businesses, especially businesses that they believe in and trust more than governments. 
It could become a natural extension, that as well as buying stuff -- take it out of the Kindle -- you could buy books, music, real-life products, appliances and goods and so on. 
It's infused with a very complex cocktail of chemicals, so it smells very luxurious and very distinctive, and, being a Procter and Gamble brand, it's been supported by a lot of mass media advertising. 
What you can do is, the more you run, the more points you get, and we have an auction where you can buy Nike stuff but only by proving that you've actually used the product to do stuff." 
And you can't come into this. This is purely for the community that are sweating using Nike products. You can't buy stuff with pesos. 
And one of my favorite examples from a brand perspective going on is Vodafone, where, in Egypt, lots of people make purchases in markets and very small independent stores. 
and what tends to happen is you buy a bunch of stuff, 10 cents, 20 cents in change. 
The shopkeepers tend to give you things like an onion or an aspirin, or a piece of gum, because they don't have small change. 
So when Vodafone came in and saw this problem, this consumer pain point, they created some small change which they call Fakka, which literally sits and is given by the shopkeepers to people, and it's credit that goes straight onto their mobile phone. 
He was born two and a half years ago, and I had a pretty tough pregnancy because I had to stay still in a bed for, like, eight months. 
But in the end everything seemed to be under control. 
But at the end, 10 days later after he was born, we discovered that he had a stroke. 
And that has been really a tough time. 
And this, indeed, really is tough to say, but a few months later, we realized that we were really feeling like a failure. 
I am not saying --  — I am not saying it's a miracle. That's not the message, because we are just at the beginning of the path. 
I am six years old, and I don't cry when we leave home and we come to America, because I expect it to be a place filled with rare and wonderful things like bananas and chocolate and Bazooka bubble gum, Bazooka bubble gum with the little cartoon wrappers inside, Bazooka that we'd get once a year in Ukraine and we'd have to chew one piece for an entire week. 
It doesn't hit me until years later just how little we had. 
He had this shoebox that he carried with him everywhere containing nine comic books, two G.I. Joes painted to look like Spider-Man and five Gobots. And this was his treasure. 
There are a lot of people who created their own vision about the future, for instance, this vision here from the early 20th century. 
So this is our largest airplane which we have, the Airbus A380, and it's quite huge, so a lot of people fit in there and it's technically completely different than the vision I've shown to you. 
It will be more like a living organism than just a collection of very complex technology. 
And my belief is that we will get more and more new materials which we can put into structure later on, because structure is one of the key issues in aircraft design. 
So let's compare the old world with the new world. 
So nature is very clever. It puts all the information into these small building blocks, which we call DNA. 
So our building block is carbon nanotubes, for example, to create a large, rivet-less skeleton at the end of the day. 
So imagine you have carbon nanotubes growing inside a 3D printer, and they are embedded inside a matrix of plastic, and follow the forces which occur in your component. 
So as Jason Silva said, if we can imagine it, why not make it so? 
I grew up in a small neighborhood in Jerusalem. 
When I was six years old, I was walking back from school on a Friday afternoon with my older brother. 
The bus was on fire, and many people were hurt and killed. 
A doctor comes in from a block away, stop us, checks the kid, and tells us to stop CPR. 
If this doctor, who lived one block away from there, would have come 20 minutes earlier, not have to wait until that siren he heard before coming from the ambulance, if he would have heard about it way before, he would have saved this child. 
He could have run from a block away. 
We'll buy these beepers, just tell your dispatch to send us the beeper, and we will run and save lives." 
I was a very stubborn kid. 
The next day, while I was listening to the scanners, I heard about a call coming in of a 70-year-old man hurt by a car only one block away from me on the main street of my neighborhood. 
I took off my yarmulke, because I had no medical equipment, and with a lot of pressure, I stopped his bleeding. 
When Muhammad told me his personal story, how his father, 55 years old, collapsed at home, had a cardiac arrest, and it took over an hour for an ambulance arrive, and he saw his father die in front of his eyes, he asked me, "Please start this in east Jerusalem." 
Could you imagine how I felt in that moment? 
The day I left home for the first time to go to university was a bright day brimming with hope and optimism. 
Otherwise, it was neither sinister nor disturbing, although even at that point it was clear that it had something to communicate to me about my emotions, particularly emotions which were remote and inaccessible. 
Suddenly the voice didn't seem quite so benign anymore, and when she insisted that I seek medical attention, I duly complied, and which proved to be mistake number two. 
Now essentially, this represented taking an aggressive stance towards my own mind, a kind of psychic civil war, and in turn this caused the number of voices to increase and grow progressively hostile and menacing. 
It started off quite small, for example, pull out three strands of hair, but gradually it grew more extreme, culminating in commands to harm myself, and a particularly dramatic instruction: "You see that tutor over there? 
Now, at first, this was very difficult to believe, not least because the voices appeared so hostile and menacing, so in this respect, a vital first step was learning to separate out a metaphorical meaning from what I'd previously interpreted to be a literal truth. 
Now at first, I would have believed them. 
But a later response, and much more useful, would be to try and deconstruct the message behind the words, so when the voices warned me not to leave the house, then I would thank them for drawing my attention to how unsafe I felt -- because if I was aware of it, then I could do something positive about it -- but go on to reassure both them and myself that we were safe and didn't need to feel frightened anymore. 
The voices took the place of this pain and gave words to it, and possibly one of the greatest revelations was when I realized that the most hostile and aggressive voices actually represented the parts of me that had been hurt most profoundly, and as such, it was these voices that needed to be shown the greatest compassion and care. 
As Oscar Wilde has said, the only thing worse than being talked about is not being talked about. 
You cannot oppress the people who are not afraid anymore. 
And as I sat in this temple square under this gigantic beringin banyan tree, in the dark, there was no electricity, just the full moon, down in this empty square, and I heard the most beautiful sounds, like a Charles Ives concert as I listened to the gamelan music from all the different villagers that came for this once-every-five-years ceremony. 
I love the apparent truth of theater. 
Prospera: At first sight, they have changed eyes. 
You hold on to the roots, you put your foot in the little rocks and climb up there, and you get to the top, and I was with a good friend who was an actor, and we said, "Let's go up there. 
So I throw away my camera. I throw away my thongs, and I looked at the line straight in front of me, and I got down on all fours like a cat, and I held with my knees to either side of this line in front of me, for 30 yards or 30 feet, I don't know. 
We have a lot of sensors on the car to measure things. 
So we've spent a lot of time and effort in turning the data into stories to be able to tell, what's the state of the engine, how are the tires degrading, what's the situation with fuel consumption? 
Let's pick a bit of data from another three-month-old patient. 
We can see small changes in things like the heart rate moving. 
And then, we applied an application on top which would allow us to tease out the patterns in the data in real time so we could see what was happening, so we could determine when things started to change. 
You can imagine that that's him writing in English, the same boy who came from the mountain. From a village on Mount Lebanon. 
That's why they use it in production, they pay a lot of money to develop it. 
All right, we aren't from the developed world, this advanced thinking hasn't reached us yet, and we would like to catch up with the civilized world. 
Countries that were once like us, but decided to strive for development, do research, and catch up with those countries, such as Turkey, Malaysia and others, they carried their language with them as they were climbing the ladder, protected it like a diamond. 
  The poor woman had mistakenly told him "toqborni," and then spent the whole night trying to explain it to him. 
And the thing is, I'm a bit older and wiser now, and I know that there's some noises I'll never be able to make because I'm hemmed in by my physical body, and there's things it can't do. 
But if you want to do something a little bit more immediate, something that you can't achieve with live looping, there's other ways to layer your voice up. 
You don't have to. It's fine. Check it out. 
I'm not interested really in arguments about whose turn it is to do the dishes or who has to take out the garbage. 
The first model -- let's call it the dialectical model -- is we think of arguments as war; you know what that's like -- a lot of screaming and shouting and winning and losing. 
Think of a mathematician's argument. 
We can think of a politician trying to present a position, trying to convince the audience of something. 
We want strong arguments, arguments that have a lot of punch, arguments that are right on target. 
Think about that one -- have you ever entered an argument thinking, "Let's see if we can hash something out, rather than fight it out. 
And finally -- this is really the worst thing -- arguments don't seem to get us anywhere; they're dead ends. 
And let me explain what I mean. 
We need to think of new kinds of arguments. 
Here's my suggestion: If we want to think of new kinds of arguments, what we need to do is think of new kinds of arguers. 
So try this: Think of all the roles that people play in arguments. 
All these different roles. Now, can you imagine an argument in which you are the arguer, but you're also in the audience, watching yourself argue? 
Can you imagine yourself watching yourself argue, losing the argument, and yet still, at the end of the argument, saying, "Wow, that was a good argument!" 
I think you can, and I think if you can imagine that kind of argument, where the loser says to the winner and the audience and the jury can say, "Yeah, that was a good argument," then you have imagined a good argument. 
Now, I lose a lot of arguments. 
I thought my idea was pretty good, but his idea is genius, and at the time, I knew his idea was better than mine, but I just couldn't explain why. 
OK. Now, what would the perfect experience look like on the five senses graph? 
So the five senses theory does help explain why sex is so good. 
You see, up till now, us designers, we've mainly focused on making things look very pretty, and a little bit of touch, which means we've ignored the other three senses. 
This is an iron, you know, for your clothes, to which I added a spraying mechanism, so you fill up the vial with your favorite scent, and your clothes will smell nicer, but hopefully it should also make the ironing experience more enjoyable. 
And the best way to do that is with free candy. 
I moved back home 15 years ago after a 20-year stay in the United States, and Africa called me back. 
All the paths lead to and from God. 
In South Africa, Ndebele women use these symbols and other geometric patterns to paint their homes in bright colors, and the Zulu women use the symbols in the beads that they weave into bracelets and necklaces. 
Adam Ockelford: I promise there won't be too much of me talking, and a lot of Derek playing, but I thought it would just be nice to recap on how Derek got to where he is today. 
He was born three and a half months premature, and really it was a fantastic fight for him to survive. 
He had to have a lot of oxygen, and that affected your eyes, Derek, and also the way you understand language and the way you understand the world. 
AO: You did teach yourself to play, and as a consequence, playing the piano for you, Derek, was a lot of knuckles and karate chops, and even a bit of nose going on in there. 
Now, along -- Derek and I met when he was four and a half years old, and at first, Derek, I thought you were mad, to be honest, because when you played the piano, you seemed to want to play every single note on the keyboard, and also you had this little habit of hitting me out of the way. 
And in the end, Derek, I think you agreed that we could actually have some fun playing the piano together. 
And in the end, you got so quick, that things like "Flight of the Bumblebee" were no problem, were they? 
And people say, "Well, that's terribly brave because what happens if Derek doesn't know it?" 
And I say, "No, it's not brave at all, because if you ask for something that Derek doesn't know, you're invited to come and sing it first, and then he'll pick it up."  So just be thoughtful before you suggest something too outlandish. 
AO: A bit like this. DP: Like this. Yes. 
My goal was when the building was demolished, because each country makes a lot of pavilions but after half a year, we create a lot of industrial waste, so my building has to be reused or recycled. 
Then I was very lucky to win the competition to build the second Pompidou Center in France in the city of Metz. 
Because we were part of the exhibition, even if my friend wanted to see me, they had to buy a ticket to see me. 
So I proposed my idea to improve the situation using these recycled paper tubes because this is so cheap and also so strong, but my budget is only 50 U.S. dollars per unit. 
I was very happy to hear that. 
This is from Thomas Edison, from the beginning of the 20th century: "Sleep is a criminal waste of time and a heritage from our cave days." 
At most now, I suppose, we tolerate the need for sleep, and at worst perhaps many of us think of sleep as an illness that needs some sort of a cure. 
Wrong. Actually, sleep is an incredibly important part of our biology, and neuroscientists are beginning to explain why it's so very important. 
If you compare an individual who has slept at night, or stayed awake and hasn't moved very much, the energy saving of sleeping is about 110 calories a night. 
What's turned out to be really exciting is that our ability to come up with novel solutions to complex problems is hugely enhanced by a night of sleep. 
If we think about other sectors of society -- the aged; if you are aged, then your ability to sleep in a single block is somewhat disrupted, and many sleep, again, less than five hours a night. Shift work. 
When you're tired and you lack sleep, you have poor memory, you have poor creativity, you have increased impulsiveness, and you have overall poor judgment. 
But my friends, it's so much worse than that. 
 If you are a tired brain, the brain is craving things to wake it up. 
Much of the day is fueled by caffeine, and if you're a really naughty tired brain, nicotine. 
It can actually ease the sleep transition. 
Well, sleep loss seems to give rise to the release of the hormone ghrelin, the hunger hormone. 
And so, tired people tend to have higher rates of overall infection, and there's some very good studies showing that shift workers, for example, have higher rates of cancer. 
Stress increases cardiovascular disease as a result of raising blood pressure. 
If you need an alarm clock to get you out of bed in the morning, if you are taking a long time to get up, if you need lots of stimulants, if you're grumpy, if you're irritable, if you're told by your work colleagues that you're looking tired and irritable, chances are you are sleep-deprived. 
that you know are going to ease you off into the honey-heavy dew of slumber. 
The sleep demands of the aged do not go down. 
Essentially, sleep fragments and becomes less robust, but sleep requirements do not go down. 
They were getting up later and later and later and later each night. 
And the third, which I think is the most exciting, is that we can think of the sleep centers within the brain as a new therapeutic target. 
And I wanted to let you know, a lot of the things you've heard about Australians are true. 
On the field of battle, we are brave and noble warriors. 
Australians, we don't mind a bit of a drink, sometimes to excess, leading to embarrassing social situations.  This is my father's work Christmas party, December 1973. 
Seven is prime because it's 1 x 7, but we can't break it down into any smaller chunks, or as we call them, factors. 
But as soon as we go hunting for massive primes, we realize it's not enough just to put in any prime number in the power. 
It was a tough decision. I loved university. 
This is all seven Harry Potter novels, because she did tend to faff on a bit near the end. 
And who am I kidding when I say almost? 
 I know what you're thinking: Adam, we're happy that you're happy, but why should we care? 
And he postulated a suggestion that there's this infinite, incredibly small field stretching throughout the universe, and as other particles go through those particles and interact, that's where they get their mass. 
I needed something to take me out of my pain, an objective to look forward to. 
I didn't want to pity myself, nor to be pitied, and I thought by organizing such a marathon, I'll be able to pay back to my community, build bridges with the outside world, and invite runners to come to Lebanon and run under the umbrella of peace. 
 After 10 years in Lebanon, from national marathons or from national events to smaller regional races, we've seen that people want to run for a better future. 
So yeah, this task does seem to be daunting. 
XL: When you zoom in into the hippocampus, of course you will see lots of cells, but we are able to find which cells are involved in a particular memory, because whenever a cell is active, like when it's forming a memory, it will also leave a footprint that will later allow us to know these cells are recently active. 
You can think of channelrhodopsin as a sort of light-sensitive switch that can be artificially installed in brain cells so that now we can use that switch to activate or inactivate the brain cell simply by clicking it, and in this case we click it on with pulses of light. 
XL: When you are as small as a mouse, it feels as if the whole world is trying to get you. 
SR: So you can think of freezing as, you're walking down the street minding your own business, and then out of nowhere you almost run into an ex-girlfriend or ex-boyfriend, and now those terrifying two seconds where you start thinking, "What do I do? Do I say hi? 
XL: However, if you put the mouse in a completely different new box, like the next one, it will not be afraid of this box because there's no reason that it will be afraid of this new environment. 
XL: So all memory is sophisticated and dynamic, but if just for simplicity, let's imagine memory as a movie clip. 
In fact, we also have a light-controlled "off" switch, and it's very easy to imagine that by installing this light-controlled "off" switch, we can also turn off a memory, any time, anywhere. 
SR: For example, one group in our lab was able to find the brain cells that make up a fear memory and converted them into a pleasurable memory, just like that. 
So let's think together as a team about what this all means and where we can and should go from here, because Xu and I think we all have some really big decisions ahead of us. 
Everything in this scene, the person, the clothes, chairs, wall, gets covered in a mask of paint that mimics what's directly below it, and in this way, I'm able to take a three-dimensional scene and make it look like a two-dimensional painting. 
I had a very specific vision of what this would look like, and as I was painting him, I made sure to follow that very closely. 
I made the tough decision of going home after graduation and not going up to Capitol Hill, but going down to my parents' basement and making it my job to learn how to paint. 
My early canvases ended up being things that you wouldn't expect to be used as canvas, like fried food. 
to get paint to stick to the grease in an egg. 
And the images were always completely unexpected in the end, because I could have a very specific image about how it would turn out, I could paint it to match that, but the moment that Sheila laid back into the milk, everything would change. 
It was in constant flux, and we had to, rather than fight it, embrace it, see where the milk would take us and compensate to make it even better. 
Sometimes, when Sheila would lay down in the milk, it would wash all the paint off of her arms, and it might seem a little bit clumsy, but our solution would be, okay, hide your arms. 
Who has experienced a lot of stress? 
And then they used public death records to find out who died. 
People who experienced a lot of stress in the previous year had a 43 percent increased risk of dying. 
 People who experienced a lot of stress but did not view stress as harmful were no more likely to die. 
Now, if that estimate is correct, that would make believing stress is bad for you the 15th largest cause of death in the United States last year, killing more people than skin cancer, HIV/AIDS and homicide. 
Now to explain how this works, I want you all to pretend that you are participants in a study designed to stress you out. 
You come into the laboratory, and you're told you have to give a five-minute impromptu speech on your personal weaknesses to a panel of expert evaluators sitting right in front of you, and to make sure you feel the pressure, there are bright lights and a camera in your face, kind of like this. 
If you raised your hand and said you'd had a lot of stress in the last year, we could have saved your life, because hopefully the next time your heart is pounding from stress, you're going to remember this talk and you're going to think to yourself, this is my body helping me rise to this challenge. 
But this is a very small part of what oxytocin is involved in. 
So when you reach out to others under stress, either to seek support or to help someone else, you release more of this hormone, your stress response becomes healthier, and you actually recover faster from stress. 
And then they used public records for the next five years to find out who died. 
People who spent time caring for others showed absolutely no stress-related increase in dying. 
Now I wouldn't necessarily ask for more stressful experiences in my life, but this science has given me a whole new appreciation for stress. 
And so I would say that's really the best way to make decisions, is go after what it is that creates meaning in your life and then trust yourself to handle the stress that follows. 
The number of songbirds, of migratory birds, started to increase greatly. 
So the wolves, small in number, transformed not just the ecosystem of the Yellowstone National Park, this huge area of land, but also its physical geography. 
Well, it now turns out that the whales are crucial to sustaining that entire ecosystem, and one of the reasons for this is that they often feed at depth and then they come up to the surface and produce what biologists politely call large fecal plumes, huge explosions of poop right across the surface waters, up in the photic zone, where there's enough light to allow photosynthesis to take place, and those great plumes of fertilizer 
Trophic cascades tell us that the natural world is even more fascinating and complex than we thought it was. 
Now, faced with opportunities like that, does it not seem a little unambitious to be thinking only of bringing back wolves, lynx, bears, beavers, bison, boar, moose, and all the other species which are already beginning to move quite rapidly across Europe? 
But why is it that some of our common shrubs have spines which seem to be over-engineered to resist browsing by deer? 
And the stories that were captured of his life make up one of the crown jewels of histories, of human-lived experiences filled with ex-slaves. 
Anna Deavere Smith famously said that there's a literature inside of each of us, and three generations later, I was part of a project called StoryCorps, which set out to capture the stories of ordinary Americans by setting up a soundproof booth in public spaces. 
Debora Brakarz:  MW: Debora, will you please marry me? 
And that motion of building an institution out of a moment of conversation and listening is actually a lot of what my firm, Local Projects, is doing with our engagements in general. 
Glenn Lowry, the head of MoMA, put it best when he said, "We want visitors to actually cease being visitors. 
And so you can imagine that, as people are performing inside of the museum itself, you get this sense of this emotional connection, this way in which our face connects with the thousands and tens of thousands of years. 
And of course the event itself is so recent, somewhere between history and current events, it was a huge challenge to imagine how do you actually live up to a space like this, an event like this, to actually tell that story. 
It was a shock emotionally, yet a blessing to find this photo," and he was writing because he said, "I'd like to personally thank the photographer for posting the photo, as it meant more than words can describe to me to have access to what is probably the last photo ever taken of my son." 
There are 37 million totally blind people on our planet, but those of us who've shared in the technological changes mainly come from North America, Europe, Japan and other developed parts of the world. 
But let me tell you a bit about it today. 
Look for it. Have you noticed it? 
I do. I look for it all the time. 
 When I was at school, the books were transcribed by transcribers, voluntary people who punched one dot at a time so I'd have volumes to read, and that had been going on, mainly by women, since the late 19th century in this country, but it was the only way I could read. 
 But think of it. These men, who hadn't had the educational opportunities I'd had, helped me gain post-graduate qualifications in law by their dedicated help. 
Mrs. Lois Doery, whom I later came to call my surrogate mum, read me many thousands of hours onto tape. 
So basically, please don't go and download any of the viruses that I show you. 
Today's cybercriminal, what do they look like? 
You can go online and buy a hacking service to knock your business competitor offline. 
 Man: So you're here for one reason, and that reason is because you need your business competitors, rivals, haters, or whatever the reason is, or who, they are to go down. 
If you want your business competitors to go down, well, they can. 
Not only that, we are providing a short-term-to-long-term DDOS service or scheduled attack, starting five dollars per hour for small personal websites to 10 to 50 dollars per hour. 
Things got a bit tricky when I tried to expense it at the company. 
For example, this testing platform, which enables the cybercriminals to test the quality of their viruses before they release them on the world. 
For a small fee, they can upload it and make sure everything is good. 
You will have come in contact with some of them. 
So imagine this scenario: I walk into one of your businesses, looking very awkward and pathetic, with a copy of my C.V. 
Many of you will have used something a bit like this before. 
So let's imagine that our attacker, called Evil Hacker just for comedy value, inserts something a little nasty. 
This is a virus pretending to look like antivirus software, and it will go through and it will scan the system, have a look at what its popping up here. 
In fact, I've been spending a lot of time on Internet dating sites recently, obviously for research purposes, and I've noticed that about 60 percent of the profile pictures on Internet dating sites contain the GPS coordinates of where the photo was taken, which is kind of scary because you wouldn't give out your home address to lots of strangers, but we're happy to give away our GPS coordinates to plus or minus 15 meters. 
A bit more searching through the profile and there's a photo of their office. 
You do it every time you take out your iPhone or your Blackberry and connect to something like TEDAttendees. 
So my ask is this: Go online, find these simple best practices, find out how to update and patch your computer. 
When we think of misdirection, we think of something as looking off to the side, when actually the things right in front of us are often the hardest to see, the things that you look at every day that you're blinded to. 
Bring them out, check and see how accurate you were. How'd you do? 
For me, I like to think of it very simple, like a surveillance system. 
He's got lots of cool information in front of him, high-tech equipment, he's got cameras, he's got a little phone that he can pick up, listen to the ears, all these senses, all these perceptions. 
If I come down, I'm going to do a bit of shopping. 
This is a task for you to focus on. 
Go ahead and take it off. 
AR: Check your pocket. Is it still there?  Oh, there it was. Put it away. 
Now this one's the tomato tickler.  Now this is because the pollen within a tomato flower is held very securely within the male part of the flower, the anther, and the only way to release this pollen is to vibrate it. 
For example, we study hygiene, where some bees are able to locate and weed out sick individuals from the nest, from the colony, and it keeps the colony healthy. 
So seven years ago, when honeybee colonies were reported to be dying en masse, it was clear that there was something really, really wrong. 
Bees are dying from multiple and interacting causes, and I'll go through each of these. 
There has been a 300 percent increase in crop production that requires bee pollination. 
This small bee is holding up a large mirror. 
In most agricultural settings, on most of our farms, it's only the seed that's coated with the insecticide, and so a smaller concentration moves through the plant and gets into the pollen and nectar, and if a bee consumes this lower dose, either nothing happens or the bee becomes intoxicated and disoriented and she may not find her way home. 
Plant bee-friendly flowers, and don't contaminate these flowers, this bee food, with pesticides. 
We need to plant flowering crop borders and hedge rows to disrupt the agricultural food desert and begin to correct the dysfunctional food system So maybe it seems like a really small countermeasure to a big, huge problem -- just go plant flowers -- but when bees have access to good nutrition, we have access to good nutrition through their pollination services. 
Eric Berlow: I'm an ecologist, and Sean's a physicist, and we both study complex networks. 
How are they connected, and what does that global conversation look like? 
And so, of course, if you're going to do this kind of stuff, you need a lot of data. 
So the data that you've got is a great thing called YouTube, and we can go down and basically pull all the open information from YouTube, all the comments, all the views, who's watching it, where are they watching it, what are they saying in the comments. 
So each idea has its own meme-ome, and each idea is unique with that, but of course, ideas, they borrow from each other, they kind of steal sometimes, and they certainly build on each other, and we can go through mathematically and take the meme-ome from one talk and compare it to the meme-ome from every other talk, and if there's a similarity between the two of them, we can create a link and represent that as a graph, 
EB: So I want to just point out here that every node is a talk, they're linked if they share similar ideas, and that comes from a machine reading of entire talk transcripts, and then all these topics that pop out, they're not from tags and keywords. 
So as we go in here, what we start to see, apply the physics engine again, we see what's one conversation is actually composed of many smaller ones. 
The structure starts to emerge where we see a kind of fractal behavior of the words and the language that we use to describe the things that are important to us all around this world. 
So you've got food economy and local food at the top, you've got greenhouse gases, solar and nuclear waste. 
What you're getting is a range of smaller conversations, each connected to each other through the ideas and the language they share, creating a broader concept of the environment. 
And they're looking at energy technology and nuclear fusion. 
And so there's a lot of exciting stuff we can do here, and I'll throw to Eric for the next part. 
EB: Yeah, I mean, just to point out here, you cannot get this kind of perspective from a simple tag search on YouTube. 
We could go the other direction and say, well, what are talks that are broadly synthesizing a lot of different kinds of fields. 
So we're using these network motifs to find talks that are unique, ones that are creatively synthesizing a lot of different fields, ones that are central to their topic, and ones that are really creatively bridging disparate fields. 
On top of this, when you get so many animals so close together, it creates a breeding ground for disease and opportunities for harm and abuse. 
There is another way, because essentially, animal products are just collections of tissues, and right now we breed and raise highly complex animals only to create products that are made of relatively simple tissues. 
What if, instead of starting with a complex and sentient animal, we started with what the tissues are made of, the basic unit of life, the cell? 
It mainly uses one cell type, and it is largely two-dimensional. 
Until biofabrication is better understood, it is clear that, initially at least, more people would be willing to wear novel materials than would be willing to eat novel foods, no matter how delicious. 
In this sense, leather is a gateway material, a beginning for the mainstream biofabrication industry. 
This process does no harm, and Daisy the cow can live a happy life. 
What could the future of animal products look like? 
It need not look like this, which is actually the state of the art today. 
Already, we have been manufacturing with cell cultures for thousands of years, beginning with products like wine, beer and yogurt. 
Imagine touring this facility, learning about how the leather or meat is cultured, seeing the process from beginning to end, and even trying some. 
So the police took a picture of Titus, they put it in a photo lineup, they later showed it to the victim, and she pointed to Titus' photo. 
And as part of this training exercise, these soldiers are interrogated in an aggressive, hostile, physically abusive fashion for 30 minutes and later on they have to try to identify the person who conducted that interrogation. 
I do want to add that it might seem like we are traumatizing these experimental subjects in the name of science, but our studies have gone through thorough evaluation by research ethics boards that the temporary discomfort that some of these subjects might experience in these studies is outweighed by the importance of this problem for understanding memory processes and the abuse of memory that is going on in some places in the world. 
Does it affect your later thoughts, your later behaviors? 
Our first study planted a false memory that you got sick as a child eating certain foods: hard-boiled eggs, dill pickles, strawberry ice cream. 
And we found that once we planted this false memory, people didn't want to eat the foods as much at an outdoor picnic. 
Hello, Santa Claus.  I mean, another way to think about this is, which would you rather have, a kid with obesity, diabetes, shortened lifespan, all the things that go with it, or a kid with one little extra bit of false memory? 
Thank you.  Thanks very much.  
I have to point out this has always been one of my favorite pictures of Marie Curie, because I am convinced that that glow behind her is not a photographic effect.  That's the real thing. 
And it's been really quite an interesting time for me to meet up with other scientists who come in and talk about what it is they don't know. 
Now I use this word "ignorance," of course, to be at least in part intentionally provocative, because ignorance has a lot of bad connotations and I clearly don't mean any of those. 
So that's the kind of ignorance that I want to talk about today, but of course the first thing we have to clear up is what are we going to do with all those facts? 
I have to get out of here actually. I have to go read. 
The facts are important. You have to know a lot of stuff to be a scientist. That's true. 
But knowing a lot of stuff doesn't make you a scientist. 
You need to know a lot of stuff to be a lawyer or an accountant or an electrician or a carpenter. 
But in science, knowing a lot of stuff is not the point. 
Knowing a lot of stuff is there to help you get to more ignorance. 
I think what really happens in science is a model more like the magic well, where no matter how many buckets you take out, there's always another bucket of water to be had, or my particularly favorite one, with the effect and everything, the ripples on a pond. 
So if you think of knowledge being this ever-expanding ripple on a pond, the important thing to realize is that our ignorance, the circumference of this knowledge, also grows with knowledge. 
As it turns out, he kind of cribbed that from the philosopher Immanuel Kant who a hundred years earlier had come up with this idea of question propagation, that every answer begets more questions. 
We're using it to make better ignorance, to come up with, if you will, higher-quality ignorance. 
I'm going to show you a graph that shows up quite a bit on happy hour posters in various science departments. 
Doesn't know much but they have a lot of interest. 
Now you look at a master's student, a little further along in their education, and you see they know a bit more, but it's been narrowed somewhat. 
So yes, you do need to know a lot of stuff as a scientist, but the purpose of knowing a lot of stuff is not just to know a lot of stuff. That just makes you a geek, right? 
Knowing a lot of stuff, the purpose is to be able to ask lots of questions, to be able to frame thoughtful, interesting questions, because that's where the real work is. 
I'm a neuroscientist, so how would we come up with a question in neuroscience? 
You ask them to go up an inclined plane, and they fall over. 
One is, how can a simple little molecule like that create a perception in your brain that's so clear as a pear or a banana? 
You know. You can imagine what it is. 
Or, "You know what, I'll look it up, I'll ask someone, I'll phone someone. I'll find out." 
So I'd say, let's get out the matches. 
We've gone from people who confronted a concrete world and analyzed that world primarily in terms of how much it would benefit them to people who confront a very complex world, and it's a world where we've had to develop new mental habits, new habits of mind. 
Indeed, if you score the people a century ago against modern norms, they would have an average I.Q. of 70. 
Now I'm going to try and argue for a third alternative that's much more illuminating than either of those, and to put this into perspective, let's imagine that a Martian came down to Earth and found a ruined civilization. 
They would say, look, these tests were designed to find out how much people were steady of hand, how keen their eyesight was, whether they had control of their weapon. 
Now what we have to imagine is the mental artillery that we have picked up over those hundred years, and I think again that another thinker will help us here, and that's Luria. 
He found that they were resistant to deducing the hypothetical, to speculating about what might be, and he found finally that they didn't deal well with abstractions or using logic on those abstractions. 
And he said, "Well, maybe it's a small village, and there's no room for camels." 
Now over the last century, in developed nations like America, moral debate has escalated because we take the hypothetical seriously, and we also take universals seriously and look for logical connections. 
When I came home in 1955 from university at the time of Martin Luther King, a lot of people came home at that time and started having arguments with their parents and grandparents. 
You have to say, imagine you were in Iran, and imagine that your relatives all suffered from collateral damage even though they had done no wrong. 
And if someone of the older generation says, well, our government takes care of us, and it's up to their government to take care of them, they're just not willing to take the hypothetical seriously. 
Today we would say something like, well, imagine you were knocked unconscious and sodomized. 
One of the ways in which we would like to deal with the sophistication of the modern world is through politics, and sadly you can have humane moral principles, you can classify, you can use logic on abstractions, and if you're ignorant of history and of other countries, you can't do politics. 
Or imagine how different things would be if most Americans knew that we had been lied into four of our last six wars. 
If you were to ask my friends and family to describe me, that's what they would tell you. 
And if you were to ask me to describe myself, I'd probably say some of those same things. 
And I didn't, so that makes me one of the lucky ones, one of the people who gets to step out on the ledge and look down but not jump, one of the lucky ones who survives. 
I suffer from depression, and for a long time, I think, I was living two totally different lives, where one person was always afraid of the other. 
I was afraid that people would see me for who I really was, that I wasn't the perfect, popular kid in high school everyone thought I was, that beneath my smile, there was struggle, and beneath my light, there was dark, and beneath my big personality just hid even bigger pain. 
It's the feelings you can't seem to escape, the scariest part is that after a while, you become numb to it. It becomes normal for you, and what you really fear the most isn't the suffering inside of you. 
It's the stigma. So you hold it in and you hide it, and you hold it in and you hide it, and even though it's keeping you in bed every day and it's making your life feel empty no matter how much you try and fill it, you hide it, because the stigma in our society around depression is very real. 
It's very real, and if you think that it isn't, ask yourself this: Would you rather make your next Facebook status say you're having a tough time getting out of bed because you hurt your back or you're having a tough time getting out of bed every morning because you're depressed? 
Well, we haven't done that, so we can't really expect to find an answer when we're still afraid of the question. 
We need to be the ones who are brave for what we believe in, because if there's one thing that I've come to realize, if there's one thing that I see as the biggest problem, it's not in building a world where we eliminate the ignorance of others. 
in a lot of ways I'm grateful for it. 
And connecting the mountain range with the coastal plain is an area called the Shephelah, which is a series of valleys and ridges that run east to west, and you can follow the Shephelah, go through the Shephelah to get from the coastal plain to the mountains. 
And he's so terrifying that none of the Israelite soldiers want to fight him. 
It's a death wish, right? There's no way they think they can take him. 
And finally the only person who will come forward is this young shepherd boy, and he goes up to Saul and he says, "I'll fight him." 
And Saul says, "You can't fight him. That's ridiculous. 
He issues this kind of taunt towards this person coming to fight him. 
David says, "I want to fight Goliath," and Saul tries to give him his armor, because Saul is thinking, "Oh, when you say 'fight Goliath,' you mean 'fight him in hand-to-hand combat,' infantry on infantry." 
He's not going to fight him that way. Why would he? 
And then there's this whole weird thing about how long it takes Goliath to react to the sight of David. 
There is nothing about him that says, "I am about to fight you like this." 
Well, it turns out that there's been a great deal of speculation within the medical community over the years about whether there is something fundamentally wrong with Goliath, an attempt to make sense of all of those apparent anomalies. 
Anyone who's unusually tall, that's the first explanation we come up with. 
And that would also explain so much of what was strange about his behavior that day. 
Why is he so strangely oblivious to David that he doesn't understand that David's not going to fight him until the very last moment? 
What they didn't understand was that the very thing that was the source of his apparent strength was also the source of his greatest weakness. 
I think it's safe to say that all humans will be intimate with death at least once in their lives. 
In my husband's homeland in the highlands of Sulawesi island in eastern Indonesia, there is a community of people that experience death not as a singular event but as a gradual social process. 
So this cultural complex surrounding death, the ritual enactment of the end of life, has made death the most visible and remarkable aspect of Toraja's landscape. 
So even as we share death as a universal experience, it's not experienced the same way the world over. 
So where we see an unquestionable reality, death as an irrefutable biological condition, Torajans see the expired corporeal form as part of a larger social genesis. 
Until the funeral ceremony, which can be held years after a person's physical death, the deceased is referred to as "to makala," a sick person, or "to mama," a person who is asleep, and they continue to be a member of the household. 
But instead of giving in to the sort of visceral reaction we have to this idea of proximity to bodies, proximity to death, or how this notion just does not fit into our very biological or medical sort of definition of death, I like to think about what the Torajan way of viewing death encompasses of the human experience that the medical definition leaves out. 
I think that Torajans socially recognize and culturally express what many of us feel to be true of the biomedical definition of death, and that is that our relationships with other humans, their impact on our social reality, doesn't cease with the termination of the physical processes of the body, as the relationship between the living and the dead is transformed but not ended. 
It ritualizes the impact of death on families and communities. 
So essentially, we all become grandparents to the generations of human children that come after us. 
And this metaphor of membership in the greater human family is the way that children also describe the money that they invest in these sacrificial buffaloes that are thought to carry people's soul from here to the afterlife, and children will explain that they will invest the money in this because they want to repay their parents the debt for all of the years their parents spent investing and caring for them. 
So at funerals, relationships are reconfirmed but also transformed in a ritual drama that highlights the most salient feature about death in this place: its impact on life and the relationships of the living. 
So all of this focus on death doesn't mean that Torajans don't aspire to the ideal of a long life. 
So by having death as a part of the cultural and social fabric of life, people's everyday decisions about their health and healthcare are affected. 
And his death will be greatly mourned. 
People ask me if I'm frightened or repulsed by participating in a culture where the physical manifestations of death greet us at every turn. 
But I see something profoundly transformative in experiencing death as a social process and not just a biological one. 
It might be a little bit difficult to put into play in the United States. 
But I want to ask what we can gain from seeing physical death not only as a biological process but as part of the greater human story. 
If we could expand our definition of death to encompass life, we could experience death as part of life and perhaps face death with something other than fear. 
that are facing the U.S. healthcare system, particularly in the end-of-life care, is as simple as a shift in perspective, and the shift in perspective in this case would be to look at the social life of every death. 
It might help us recognize that the way we limit our conversation about death to something that's medical or biological is reflective of a larger culture that we all share of avoiding death, being afraid of talking about it. 
And most importantly, true love will find you when you least expect it." 
If my strategy was to least-expect my way into true love, then the variable that I had to deal with was serendipity. 
I figure I'm attracted to maybe one out of 10 of those men, and there was no way I was going to deal with somebody who was an avid golfer. 
One, I can take my grandmother's advice and sort of least-expect my way into maybe bumping into the one out of 35 possible men or I could try online dating. 
Now, there was one small catch. 
When I was asked about fun activities and my ideal date, I said monetization and fluency in Japanese. 
And we went in, and right off the bat, our conversation really wasn't taking flight, but he was ordering a lot of food. 
What was every single possible thing that I could think of that I was looking for in a mate? 
She said she was a "Fun girl who is Happy and Outgoing." 
I just waited to see who these profiles were going to attract, and mainly what I was looking at was two different data sets. 
So smart people tend to write a lot -- 3,000, 4,000, 5,000 words about themselves, which may all be very, very interesting. 
The challenge here, though, is that the popular men and women are sticking to 97 words on average that are written very, very well, even though it may not seem like it all the time. 
He made a lot of really interesting cultural references. 
So whether you're looking for a husband or a wife or you're trying to find your passion or you're trying to start a business, all you have to really do is figure out your own framework and play by your own rules, and feel free to be as picky as you want. 
It looks like you did come up with a really, really great system. 
And what I have here is an empty glass vessel. 
So the images that you saw at the beginning, they are actually a flame stopped in time while it is traveling through the bottle, and you have to imagine it was flipped around 180 degrees. 
If you're sentenced to a jail term in Santa Barbara, California, you should know that if you don't like the standard accommodations, you can buy a prison cell upgrade. 
Take the way we fight our wars. 
The more things money can buy, the more affluence, or the lack of it, matters. 
In fact, during the past three decades, when market reasoning and market thinking have gathered force and gained prestige, our public discourse during this time has become hollowed out, empty of larger moral meaning. 
This isn't good for democracy, nor is it a satisfying way to live, even for those of us who can afford to buy our way to the head of the line. 
And so, in the end, the question of markets is not mainly an economic question. 
Poor nutrition, access to water, climate change, deforestation, lack of skills, insecurity, not enough food, not enough healthcare, pollution. 
You know, think of the fast food industry, the drug industry, the banking industry. 
There's a lot of bad actors out there that have done the wrong thing, that actually have made the problem worse. 
Enormous innovation, enormous energy, enormous talent now has been mobilized through this structure to try to deal with all of these challenges. 
That was the way we've thought about how to deal with these issues. 
These problems still seem very daunting and very intractable, and any solutions we're achieving are small solutions. 
And that's really clear now. 
There's simply not enough money to deal with any of these problems at scale There's not enough tax revenue, there's not enough philanthropic donations, to deal with these problems the way we're dealing with them now. 
How are those resources really created, the resources we're going to need to deal with all these societal challenges? 
That profit is that small difference between the price and the cost it takes to produce whatever solution business has created to whatever problem they're trying to solve. 
A lot of companies have fallen into that conventional wisdom. 
If we can break down this sort of divide, this unease, this tension, this sense that we're not fundamentally collaborating here in driving these social problems, we can break this down, and we finally, I think, can have solutions. 
We set out a clear action plan with goals and benchmarks. 
After this big expansion, you've seen no net increase in injuries, and so there is something to that axiom that there is safety in numbers. 
In fact, I think most politicians would be happy to have those kind of poll numbers. 
And today, cyclists look like New York City looks. 
In spite of the very clear anti-Israeli ideology of the new regime, the geopolitical logic for their collaboration lived on, because they still had common threats. 
And when Iraq invaded Iran in 1980, Israel feared an Iraqi victory and actively helped Iran by selling it arms and providing it with spare parts for Iran's American weaponry at a moment when Iran was very vulnerable because of an American arms embargo that Israel was more than happy to violate. 
But Washington chose to ignore Iran's outreach, as it would a decade later in Afghanistan, and instead moved to intensify Iran's isolation, and it is at this point, around 1993, '94, that Iran begins to translate its anti-Israeli ideology into operational policy. 
I'd seen a lot of death, in particular epidemic death, and epidemic death has a different feel to it. 
The other explanation or, in a way, the solution suggested, is please fix all of these things: the schools, the community, the homes, the families, everything. 
It's not as if I had any idea what it would look like, but there was a sense that we would have to do something with new categories of workers and something having to do with behavior change and something having to do with public education. 
But I began to ask questions and search out the usual things that I had been exploring before, like, what do the maps look like? 
What do the graphs look like? 
What does the data look like? 
And the second thing to do, of course, is to prevent further spread, that means to find who else has been exposed, but may not be spreading so much right now like someone with a smaller case of T.B., or someone who is just hanging out in the neighborhoods, but in the same group, and then they need to be, in a way, managed as well, particular to the specific disease process. 
Now we've gotten a lot of attention as a result of this, including being featured on The New York Times' Sunday magazine cover story. 
[The Interrupters] However, not so fast, because a lot of people did not agree with this way of going about it. 
We got a lot of criticism, a lot of opposition, and a lot of opponents. 
Where there's really been uptake even faster is in the international environment, where there's a 55-percent drop in the first neighborhood in Puerto Rico, where interruptions are just beginning in Honduras, where the strategy has been applied in Kenya for the recent elections, and where there have been 500 interruptions in Iraq. 
So violence is responding as a disease even as it behaves as a disease. 
For myself, I tried to get away from infectious diseases, and I didn't. 
So in my free time outside of Twitter I experiment a little bit with telling stories online, experimenting with what we can do with new digital tools. 
It began with this tweet: "On November 28 at 10:13 p.m., a woman identified as Miranda Brown, 44, of Brooklyn, fell to her death from the roof of a Manhattan hotel." 
Elliott told me later she wrote the whole thing with her thumbs. 
And so the author, Dan Sinker, who was a journalist, who was completely anonymous this whole time, I think Dan -- it made a lot of sense for him to turn this into a book, because it was a narrative format in the end, and I think that turning it into a book is representative of this idea that he had created something new that needed to be translated into previous formats. 
I think in nonfiction real-time storytelling, there are a lot of really excellent examples as well. 
And the author Teju Cole has done a lot of experimentation with putting a literary twist on events of the news. 
I've met with presidents, dissidents, policymakers, lawyers, teachers, doctors and the man on the street, and through these conversations, it's become clear to me that many people in the emerging markets believe that there's actually a split occurring between what people believe ideologically in terms of politics and economics in the West and that which people believe in the rest of the world. 
If you travel to Mogadishu, Mexico City or Mumbai, you find that dilapidated infrastructure and logistics continue to be a stumbling block to the delivery of medicine and healthcare in the rural areas. 
But perhaps it's also telling us that we should be worried about going around the world and shoehorning democracy, because ultimately we run the risk of ending up with illiberal democracies, democracies that in some sense could be worse than the authoritarian governments that they seek to replace. 
Freedom House finds that although 50 percent of the world's countries today are democratic, 70 percent of those countries are illiberal in the sense that people don't have free speech or freedom of movement. 
What might that world look like? 
Well, the world could look like more state involvement and state capitalism; greater protectionisms of nation-states; but also, as I just pointed out a moment ago, ever-declining political rights and individual rights. 
around the world, perhaps the West should take a leaf out of its own history book and remember that it takes a lot of patience in order to develop the models and the systems that you have today. 
In this vein, we can increase economic growth. 
By suburban sprawl, I refer to the reorganization of the landscape and the creation of the landscape around the requirement of automobile use, and that the automobile that was once an instrument of freedom has become a gas-belching, time-wasting and life-threatening prosthetic device that many of us need just to, most Americans, in fact, need, just to live their daily lives. 
And these are the neighborhoods, for example, in the Central Valley of California that weren't hurt when the housing bubble burst and when the price of gas went up; they were decimated. 
And they spent 60 million dollars on bike facilities, which seems like a lot of money, but it was spent over about 30 years, so two million dollars a year -- not that much -- and half the price of the one cloverleaf that they decided to rebuild in that city. 
But there's a whole other Portland story, which isn't part of this calculus, which is that young, educated people have been moving to Portland in droves, so that between the last two censuses, they had a 50-percent increase in college-educated millennials, which is five times what you saw anywhere else in the country, or, I should say, of the national average. 
And millennials, certainly, these engines of entrepreneurship, 64 percent of whom decide first where they want to live, then they move there, then they look for a job, they will come to your city. 
According to the Center for Disease Control, fully one third of all children born after 2000 will get diabetes. 
My wife and I built a new house on an abandoned lot in Washington, D.C., and we did our best to clear the shelves of the sustainability store. 
Politicians and marketers are afraid of marketing green as a "lifestyle choice." 
But particularly here in America, we are polluting so much because we're throwing away our time and our money and our lives on the highway, then these two problems would seem to share the same solution, which is to make our cities more walkable. 
And I think in many ways we can sort of think of the use of the blue nacre shell and the Mayans as the first real application of the bluetooth technology. 
And during World War II, what he would see would be pilots coming back from their missions, and he noticed that within their eyes they had shards of small bits of material lodged within the eye, but the very interesting thing about it was that material, actually, wasn't causing any inflammatory response. 
We're actually actively looking for materials that will be bioactive, that will interact with the body, and that furthermore we can put in the body, they'll have their function, and then they'll dissolve away over time. 
If we look at this schematic, this is showing you what we think of as the typical tissue-engineering approach. 
We can put those onto a material, and we can make that material very complex if we want to, and we can then grow that up in the lab or we can put it straight back into the patient. 
And if we think about the different types of tissues that people are looking at regenerating all over the world, in all the different labs in the world, there's pretty much every tissue you can think of. 
And liver will regenerate in this very nice way, but actually if we think of other tissues, like cartilage, for example, even the simplest nick and you're going to find it really difficult to regenerate your cartilage. 
So what we were thinking is, there's a tremendous need for bone repair, of course, but this iliac crest-type approach really has a lot of limitations to it, and could we perhaps recreate the generation of bone within the body on demand and then be able to transplant it without these very, very painful aftereffects that you would have with the iliac crest harvest? 
And we simplified it a lot, so we got rid of a lot of these steps. 
We got rid of the need to harvest cells from the patient, we got rid of the need to put in really fancy chemistries, and we got rid of the need to culture these scaffolds in the lab. 
And we go in through a pinhole incision so that no other cells from the body can get in, and what happens is that that artificial in vivo bioreactor cavity can then lead to the proliferation of these stem cells, and they can form lots of new tissue, and then over time, you can harvest that tissue and use it elsewhere in the body. 
And you can grow different amounts of bone depending on how much gel you put in there, so it really is an on demand sort of procedure. 
Now, at the time that we did this, this received a lot of attention in the press, because it was a really nice way of generating new bone, and we got many, many contacts from different people that were interested in using this. 
And so you do get these kinds of contacts, and of course, being British and also growing up in France, I tend to be very blunt, and so I had to explain to them very nicely that in their particular case, there probably wasn't that much in there to protect in the first place. 
But we want to make them have enough information that we can get the cells to do what we want, but not be so complex as to make it difficult to get to clinic. 
And so if we think of bone, obviously my own favorite tissue, we zoom in, we can see, even if you don't know anything about bone structure, it's beautifully organized, really beautifully organized. 
And if we zoom in again, we see that the cells are actually surrounded by a 3D matrix of nano-scale fibers, and they give a lot of information to the cells. 
And there's a lot of work going on in both of these areas. 
Now finally, I just want to talk a little bit about applying this sort of thing to cardiovascular disease, because this is a really big clinical problem. 
And you can either put them into the heart or into the blood system, but either way, we don't seem to be able to get quite the right number of cells getting to the location we want them to and being able to deliver the sort of beautiful cell regeneration that we would like to have to get good clinical outcomes. 
So just to wrap up, I'd like to actually say that being able to work in this sort of field, all of us that work in this field that's not only super-exciting science, but also has the potential to impact on patients, however big or small they are, is really a great privilege. 
I think of new cities like Dubai or ancient cities like Rome with Zaha Hadid's incredible MAXXI museum, or like right here in New York with the High Line, a city which has been so much influenced But what I find really fascinating is what happens when architects and planners leave and these places become appropriated by people, like here in Chandigarh, India, the city which has been completely designed by the architect Le Corbusier. 
The building was under construction until the collapse of the Venezuelan economy and the death of the developer in the early '90s. 
There's only one little entrance to the entire building, and the 3,000 residents come in and out through that single door. 
Within the tower, people have come up with all sorts of solutions in response to the various needs which arise from living in an unfinished tower. 
And with each inhabitant finding their own unique way of coming by, this tower becomes like a living city, a place which is alive with micro-economies and small businesses. 
Throughout the tower, you come across all kinds of services, like the barber, small factories, and every floor has a little grocery store or shop. 
When out on the water, it's clear that life has been completely adapted to this very specific way of living. 
Behind every window and door frame, you'll see a small child peering back at you, and while Makoko seems to be packed with people, what's more shocking is actually the amount of children pouring out of every building. 
By nightfall, the area becomes almost pitch black, save for a small lightbulb or a fire. 
While these apartments that they built for themselves appear to lack any planning or formal grid, each family specializing in a certain form of recycling means that the ground floor of each apartment is reserved for garbage-related activities and the upper floor is dedicated to living space. 
While to most of us, living amongst these piles and piles of garbage may seem totally uninhabitable, to those in the Zabbaleen, this is just a different type of normal. 
Throughout the day, it's quite common to come across a small party taking place in the streets, just like this engagement party. 
While from the outside, these homes look like any other informal structure in the city, when you step inside, you are met with all manner of design decisions and interior decoration. 
But then in the apartment across the hall from this cow shed lives a newly married couple in what locals describe as one of the nicest apartments in the area. 
When I asked people why they were digging their houses from the ground, they simply replied that they are poor wheat and apple farmers who didn't have the money to buy materials, and this digging out was their most logical form of living. 
Now imagine what these already ingenious communities could create themselves, and how highly particular their solutions would be, if they were given the basic infrastructures that they could tap into. 
He spoke six languages, he played 15 musical instruments, he was a licensed pilot, he had once been a San Francisco cable car operator, he was an expert in swine nutrition, dairy cattle, Dixieland jazz, film noir, and we did travel the country, and the world, and we did have a lot of kids. 
So when we found the cancer, it doesn't seem strange to us at all that without saying a word to each other, we believed that, if we were smart enough and strong enough and brave enough, and we worked hard enough, we could keep him from dying ever. 
So a year goes by before the cancer, as cancers do, reappears, and with it comes another death sentence, this time nine months. 
It was an exhilarating fight, and I'd repeat the fight today without a moment's hesitation. 
It was the kind of fight and the kind of choices that everyone here agrees pump up the cost of end-of-life care, and of healthcare for all of us. 
And for me, for us, we pushed the fight right over the edge, and I never got the chance to say to him what I say to him now almost every day: "Hey, buddy, it was a hell of a ride." 
Yet I will tell you that denial isn't even close to a strong enough word to describe what those of us facing the death of our loved ones go through. 
And during Terence's illness, I, we, we wanted to believe the story of our fight together too. 
Maybe we need a new story, not a story about giving up the fight or of hopelessness, but rather a story of victory and triumph, of a valiant battle and, eventually, a graceful retreat, a story that acknowledges that not even the greatest general defeats every foe, that no doctor has ever succeeded in making anyone immortal, and that no wife, no matter how hard she tried, has ever stopped even the bravest, 
We have a noble path to curing the disease, patients and doctors alike, but there doesn't seem to be a noble path to dying. 
Now there is much to gain and benefit from this massive analysis of personal information, or big data, but there are also complex tradeoffs that come from giving away our privacy. 
So essentially, we can start from an anonymous face, offline or online, and we can use facial recognition to give a name to that anonymous face thanks to social media data. 
What will this future without secrets look like? 
So next time you are looking for a certain product, and there is an ad suggesting you to buy it, it will not be just a standard spokesperson. 
of the story of the Garden of Eden which doesn't have to do with the issue of Adam and Eve feeling naked and feeling ashamed. 
However, they also lack knowledge and self-awareness. 
They become aware. They achieve autonomy. 
We get free content. 
But in fact, in a few years, organizations will know so much about us, they will be able to infer our desires before we even form them, and perhaps buy products on our behalf before we even know we need them. 
So I do believe that one of the defining fights of our times will be the fight for the control over personal information, the fight over whether big data will become a force for freedom, rather than a force which will hiddenly manipulate us. 
Right now, many of us do not even know that the fight is going on, but it is, whether you like it or not. 
And at the risk of playing the serpent, I will tell you that the tools for the fight are here, the awareness of what is going on, and in your hands, just a few clicks away. 
It felt a bit girly to me, like a dress, and it had this baggy trouser part you had to tie really tight to avoid the embarrassment of them falling down. 
Also, it makes me feel a bit uncomfortable, that people assume I represent something genuinely Indian when I wear it, because that's not how I feel. 
So my artwork is about identity and language, challenging common assumptions based on how we look like or where we come from, gender, race, class. 
He would say things like -- HP: Empty your mind. 
At first, it was going very well. 
Like many people here, well, I want to maximize my personal impact in the world, so I'm going to explain why I joined the team there. 
That was in the beginning of the last century. 
I'm going to refer to some of those as well, and I'm just going to mention a few of the commitments as illustrations that we've got. 
But first, let's think of customers. 
But they want it to be easy, affordable and attractive, and they expect business to help, and they're a little bit disappointed today. 
So take your mind back and think of the first sustainable products. 
The old-fashioned lightbulbs, the incandescent bulbs -- I'm not going to ask for a show of hands of how many of you still have them in your homes, wasting energy every time you switch them on -- change them after this -- or whether we have them on the stage here at TED or not -- but those old incandescent light bulbs really should have been sold as heaters. 
Your kids could go to school, go to college, go away and have kids of their own, come back, bring the grandkids, you'll have the same lightbulb saving you energy. 
It's really dirty in production. 
But think of a solar panel. 
So what we decided to do was, we will look and ask ourselves the tough questions with partners who know more than us, what can we do to go beyond our business to help improve the lives of children? 
A bit dangerous, sometimes. 
It's a bit odd, because I'm an economist. 
One guy offered free secondary school education to all, not just 30 percent. 
And if you go back to the year 2000, what you'll find is The Economist had a very famous cover, "The Hopeless Continent," and what they'd done is they'd looked at growth in Africa over the previous 10 years -- two percent -- and they said, what's going to happen in the next 10 years? 
They assumed two percent, and that made it a pretty hopeless story, because population growth was two and a half. 
Life expectancy is going to go up by 13 years. 
The population's going to double from one billion to two billion, so household incomes are going to go up sevenfold in the next 35 years. 
You can go and buy some of the great tunes. 
Buy African products. 
During this phase transition, empty space became filled with a substance that we now call Higgs field. 
And this substance may seem invisible to us, but it has a physical reality. 
But don't expect me to actually perform the trick in front of your eyes, because the probability for me to penetrate the wall is ridiculously small. 
For instance, the tunnel diode, a component used in electronics, works thanks to the wonders of quantum tunneling. 
In principle, you could imagine to find sand dunes of any slope angle in a beach, and yet, the slope angles of sand dunes are typically around 30, 35 degrees. 
to bring these great inventions, their products, to the market and actually get over this really scary Death Valley period in which many companies instead fail. 
Think of Steve Jobs' really inspirational speech to the 2005 graduating class at Stanford, where he said to be innovative, you've got to stay hungry, stay foolish. 
And in places like Europe, it might be more equitable, we might even be a bit better dressed and eat better than the U.S., but the problem is this damn public sector. 
It's a bit too big, and it hasn't actually allowed these things like dynamic venture capital and commercialization to actually be able to really be as fruitful as it could. 
Right? I mean, the reason that we need to maybe have free schools or charter schools is in order to make them more innovative without being emburdened by this heavy hand of the state curriculum, or something. 
So these kind of words are constantly, these juxtapositions come up everywhere, not just with innovation policy. 
So these SBIR and SDTR programs, which give small companies early-stage finance compared to private venture capital, but also have become increasingly important. 
But the point is, by constantly depicting the state part as necessary but actually -- pffff -- a bit boring and often a bit dangerous kind of Leviathan, I think we've actually really stunted the possibility to build these public-private partnerships in a really dynamic way. 
We all know, if you've ever taken a finance course, the first thing you're taught is sort of the risk-reward relationship, and so some people are foolish enough or probably smart enough if they have time to wait, to actually invest in stocks, because they're higher risk which over time will make a greater reward than bonds, that whole risk-reward thing. 
Sitra funded Nokia, kept equity, made a lot of money, it's a public funding agency in Finland, which then funded the next round of Nokias. 
The overall time that we have for our narrative, our lifespan, has been increasing, but the smallest measure, the moment, has shrunk. 
It has shrunk because our instruments enable us in part to measure smaller and smaller units of time, and this in turn has given us a more granular understanding of the material world, and this granular understanding has generated reams of data that our brains can no longer comprehend and for which we need more and more complicated computers. 
So many of us today have the sensation that time's arrow is pointing everywhere and nowhere at once. 
Why not buy his book? Tweet it. Share it. 
Now if this rift, which is already so great in many parts of the world, between the lack of infrastructure and the spread of technology, isn't somehow bridged, there will be ruptures between the digital and the real. 
I was there covering the 25th anniversary of the world's worst nuclear accident, as you can see by the look on my face, reluctantly so, but with good reason, because the nuclear fire that burned for 11 days back in 1986 released 400 times as much radiation as the bomb dropped on Hiroshima, and the sarcophagus, which is the covering over reactor number four, which was hastily built 27 years ago, 
I just wanted to get the job done and get out of there fast. 
I mean, after all, Chernobyl's soil, water and air, are among the most highly contaminated on Earth, and the reactor sits at the the center of a tightly regulated exclusion zone, or dead zone, and it's a nuclear police state, complete with border guards. 
"Those who left are worse off now. 
The idea was to ask for a softer approach to criminal activity in the state. 
If you decided to spend 30 minutes trying to figure out what's going on with drug violence in Mexico by, say, just researching online, the first thing you would find out is that while the laws state that all Mexican citizens are equal, there are some that are more and there are some that are much less equal than others, because you will quickly find out that in the past six years 
And that creates some form of comfort for a lot of people. 
However, while it's easier to think of us, the citizens, the police, the army, as the good guys, and them, the narcos, the carteles, as the bad guys, if you think about it, the latter are only providing a service to the former. 
It's not only a multi-billion dollar market, but it's also a complex one. 
Because the Zetas organization was founded in treason, they lost some of the linkages to the production and distribution in the most profitable markets like cocaine, but what they did have, and this is again based on their military origin, was a perfectly structured chain of command with a very clear hierarchy and a very clear promotion path that allowed them to supervise and operate across many, many markets very effectively, 
Their brand of social enterprise means that they require a lot of civic engagement, so they invest heavily in providing local services, like dealing with home violence, going after petty criminals, treating addicts, and keeping drugs out of the local markets where they are, and, of course, protecting people from other criminal organizations. 
Now, they kill a lot of people too, but when they kill them, they provide very careful narratives and descriptions for why they did them, through newspaper insertions, YouTube videos, and billboards that explain that the people who were killed were killed because they represented a threat not to us, as an organization, of course, but to you, as citizens. 
Like any other multinational would, they protect their brand by outsourcing the more questionable parts of the business model, like for example, when they have to engage in violence against other criminal organizations, they recruit gangs and other smaller players to do the dirty work for them, and they try to separate their operations and their violence and be very discrete about this. 
And so, differences aside, what these three organizations share is on the one hand, a very clear understanding that institutions cannot be imposed from the top, but rather they are built from the bottom up one interaction at a time. 
And when you go home, think of what you are going to change in your research on the following day to make their lives better." 
 I was afraid to talk to my new boss, but decided to muster up my courage. 
And this was the idea: I'm going to use a simplistic metaphor to explain to you this complicated concept. 
So here imagine an electrode implanted on the back of the spinal cord to deliver painless stimulation. 
So imagine the little 200-gram rat attached at the extremity of this 200-kilo robot, but the rat does not feel the robot. 
It occurred throughout the central nervous system, including in the brain stem, where we observed up to 300-percent increase in the density of fibers coming from the brain. 
This is certainly not a cure for spinal cord injury, but I begin to believe that this may lead to an intervention to improve recovery and people's quality of life. 
You could basically imagine it has a large hall filled with hard drives storing data they are collecting. 
Maybe it's better to imagine it as a comparison. 
The very first PRISM slides from the beginning of June detail a collection program where the data is collected from service providers, and they actually go and name the service providers they have access to. 
That would explain it. They aren't cooperating. They've been hacked. 
Yes, part of it is war on terror, and yes, there are terrorists, and they do kill and maim, and we should fight them, but we know through these leaks that they have used the same techniques to listen to phone calls of European leaders, to tap the email of residents of Mexico and Brazil, to read email traffic inside the United Nations Headquarters and E.U. Parliament, and I don't think they are trying to find terrorists 
Part of it might be, and there are terrorists, but are we really thinking about terrorists as such an existential threat that we are willing to do anything at all to fight them? 
Are the Americans ready to throw away the Constituion and throw it in the trash just because there are terrorists? 
Feel free to survey me if that helps. 
 Because we have this thing called privacy, and if you really think that you have nothing to hide, please make sure that's the first thing you tell me, because then I know that I should not trust you with any secrets, because obviously you can't keep a secret. 
What am I sending to worry about this? Am I sending naked pictures or something? 
Privacy is the building block of our democracies. 
And to quote a fellow security researcher, Haroon Meer, one country only has to make a small wave, but those small waves together become a tide, and the tide will lift all the boats up at the same time, and the tide we will build with secure, free, open-source systems, will become the tide that will lift all of us up and above the surveillance state. 
But you wouldn't expect anything special to happen when you add the squares together. 
But check this out. 
Now check this out. 
And if you divide the larger number by the smaller number, then these ratios get closer and closer to about 1.618, known to many people as the Golden Ratio, a number which has fascinated mathematicians, scientists and artists for centuries. 
Two days later, my sight started to fail. 
From that came a lot of insights, or outsights, as I called them, things that I learned since losing my sight. 
Similarly, just the sun warming one side of your face or the wind at your neck gives you clues about your alignment and your progression through a block and your movement through time and space. 
And I don't know who's watching who, but I have a suspicion that a lot of people are watching me. 
A lot of the information is good. 
Some of it's helpful. A lot of it's kind of reversed. 
 It's like, there was no escape from this man's death grip, but he got me safely there. 
But once I lost my sight and was walking along Broadway, I was blessed every block of the way. 
The citizens got together on that first day and elected a mayor. 
It built a new sports arena, a new canal downtown, it fixed up our performing arts center, a new baseball stadium downtown, a lot of things to improve the quality of life. 
And as I tried to examine how we might deal with obesity, and was taking all of these elements into my mind, I decided that the first thing we need to do was have a conversation. 
But fortunately, the consensus was, "Look, this is a problem in a lot of places. 
Health is still not something that we should be proud of in Oklahoma City, but we seem to have turned the cultural shift of making health a greater priority. 
I'm going to need some volunteers to come up onstage really quickly, and we're going to do a little hands-on demo. 
This is really important. You can't, like, wait while they fight it out and then swoop in at the last minute. 
This is called the Death Star Configuration. 
If you have a free thumb, wave it around, make sure it gets connected. 
If you have a free thumb, wave it around to make sure. 
How about surprise? The actual feeling of trying to wrestle two thumbs at once is pretty surprising. 
You heard that sound go up in the room. 
And speaking of physical connection, you guys know I love the hormone oxytocin, you release oxytocin, you feel bonded to everyone in the room. 
You guys know that the best way to release oxytocin quickly is to hold someone else's hand for at least six seconds. 
When we think of Nepal, we tend to think of the snow-capped mountains of the Himalayas, the crystal-clear still waters of its alpine lakes, or the huge expanse of its grasslands. 
Well, when we built our first prototype drone, our main objective was to fly it over a remote rainforest in North Sumatra, Indonesia, to look for the nest of a species of great ape known as the orangutan. 
But perhaps the most exciting part about taking pictures from the air is we could later stitch these pictures together using special software to create a map of the entire landscape, and this map gives us crucial information for monitoring land use change, to let us know where and when plantations might be expanding, where forests might be contracting, or where fires might be breaking out. 
But the problem with camera traps is that the researcher has to go back to the forest every so often to retrieve those images, and that takes a lot of time, especially if there are dozens or hundreds of these cameras placed in the forest. 
To us, it is obvious that conservation biologists and practitioners should make full use of every available tool, including drones, in our fight to save the last remaining forests and wildlife of this planet. 
You compare hospitals in a country, you'll find some that are extremely good, but you'll find a large number that are vastly much worse. 
Everybody saw this makes a lot of sense. 
Now, you can imagine how much savings there would be for society. 
The one thing they have in common is they really care about what they achieve in terms of quality for their patients. 
We're creating a global community, and a large global community, where we'll be able to measure and compare what we achieve. 
We're bringing together leading physicians and patients to discuss, disease by disease, what is really quality, what should we measure, and to make those standards global. 
In three years' time, we plan to have covered 40 percent of the disease burden. 
Now I'm a global ecologist and an Earth explorer with a background in physics and chemistry and biology and a lot of other boring subjects, but above all, I'm obsessed with what we don't know about our planet. 
It may look like a plane with a fancy paint job, but I packed it with over 1,000 kilos of high-tech sensors, computers, and a very motivated staff of Earth scientists and pilots. 
But the real power of the CAO is its ability to capture the actual building blocks This is a small town in the Amazon, imaged with the CAO. 
This is what a rainforest might look like as you fly over it in a hot air balloon. 
So our imagery is 3D, it's chemical, it's biological, and this tells us not only the species that are living in the canopy, but it tells us a lot of information about the rest of the species that occupy the rainforest. 
And what's amazing is, even though we flew very high above this forest, later on in analysis, we can go in and actually experience the treetrops, leaf by leaf, branch by branch, just as the other species that live in this forest experience it along with the trees themselves. 
We can go to one of the smallest tropical countries, Panama, and see also a huge range from high in red to low in blue. 
Let me tell you, I spend a lot of time in these places, and we're seeing the climate changing already. 
But what happens is a lot of times the rivers hide what's really going on back in the forest itself. 
And in this case, we found gold mining activity, all of it illegal, set back away from the river's edge, as you'll see in those strange pockmarks Don't worry, we're working with the authorities to deal with this and many, many other problems So in order to put together a conservation plan for these unique, important corridors like the western Amazon and the Andes Amazon corridor, we have to start making 
Some of their decisions have really big impacts. 
Or, how to deal with a large species like elephants, which may, if their populations get too large, have a negative impact on the ecosystem and on other species. 
That's giving park managers a very first opportunity to use tactical management strategies that are more nuanced and don't lead to those extremes that I just showed you. 
So really, the way we're looking at protected areas nowadays is to think of it as tending to a circle of life, where we have fire management, elephant management, those impacts on the structure of the ecosystem, and then those impacts affecting everything from insects up to apex predators like lions. 
I am lucky to have her. 
By the way, check out my sweet ride.  Since birth, we have both suffered from the inability to fly on our own. 
All work and no fun makes for a dull quadriplegic, so we also find time to play friendly games of robot soccer.  I never thought I would be able to casually move around a campus like Brown on my own. 
And our hope is that, by providing these tools, that you'll be able to think of better ways to provide movement for the disabled, to provide care for our aging population, to help better educate our children, to think about what the new types of middle class jobs could be for the future, to both monitor and protect our environment, and to explore the universe. 
Investments are being made, but at the current level, it's estimated it's going to take them 50 years to catch up. 
This can transport a small payload today, about two kilograms, over a short distance, about 10 kilometers, but it's part of a wider network that may cover the entire country, maybe even the entire continent. 
The second is automated ground stations that the vehicles fly in and out of to swap batteries and fly farther, or pick up or deliver loads. 
Let's look at each one of those technologies in a bit more detail. 
Today, we're using small quads. 
Apart from fulfilling the energy requirements of the vehicles, eventually they're going to be becoming commercial hubs where people can take out loads or put loads into the network. 
 And it's counterintuitive, but the cost of energy expended for the flight is only two cents of a dollar today, and we're just at the beginning of this. 
It's ultimately scalable with a very small ecological footprint, operating in the background 24/7, just like the Internet. 
So when we started this a couple of years ago now, we've had a lot of people come up to us who said, "This is a very interesting but crazy idea, and certainly not something that you should engage with anytime soon." 
To give me an idea of how many of you here may find what I'm about to tell you of practical value, let me ask you please to raise your hands: Who here is either over 65 years old or hopes to live past age 65 or has parents or grandparents who did live or have lived past 65, raise your hands please.  Okay. You are the people to whom my talk 
I'm going to talk about growing older in traditional societies. 
This subject constitutes just one chapter of my latest book, which compares traditional, small, tribal societies with our large, modern societies, with respect to many topics such as bringing up children, growing older, health, dealing with danger, settling disputes, religion and speaking more than one language. 
Tribal societies shouldn't be scorned as primitive and miserable, but also they shouldn't be romanticized as happy and peaceful. 
Most old people in the U.S. end up living separately from their children and from most of their friends of their earlier years, and often they live in separate retirements homes for the elderly, whereas in traditional societies, older people instead live out their lives among their children, their other relatives, and their lifelong friends. 
Nevertheless, the treatment of the elderly varies enormously among traditional societies, from much worse to much better than in our modern societies. 
At the worst extreme, many traditional societies get rid of their elderly in one of four increasingly direct ways: by neglecting their elderly and not feeding or cleaning them until they die, or by abandoning them when the group moves, or by encouraging older people to commit suicide, or by killing older people. 
To us Americans, it sounds horrible to think of abandoning or killing your own sick wife or husband or elderly mother or father, but what could those traditional societies do differently? 
At the opposite extreme in treatment of the elderly, the happy extreme, are the New Guinea farming societies where I've been doing my fieldwork for the past 50 years, and most other sedentary traditional societies around the world. 
In those societies, older people are cared for. 
First, as regards usefulness, older people continue to perform useful services. 
One use of older people in traditional societies is that they often are still effective at producing food. 
Another traditional usefulness of older people is that they are capable of babysitting their grandchildren, thereby freeing up their own adult children, the parents of those grandchildren, to go hunting and gathering food for the grandchildren. 
Still another traditional value of older people is in making tools, weapons, baskets, pots and textiles. 
Finally, older people in traditional societies have a huge significance that would never occur to us in our modern, literate societies, where our sources of information are books and the Internet. 
It's their knowledge that spells the difference between survival and death for their whole society in a time of crisis caused by rare events for which only the oldest people alive have had experience. 
Those, then, are the ways in which older people are useful in traditional societies. 
Cultural values that emphasize respect for older people contrast with the low status of the elderly in the U.S. 
That sinister expression means that if hospital resources are limited, for example if only one donor heart becomes available for transplant, or if a surgeon has time to operate on only a certain number of patients, American hospitals have an explicit policy of giving preference to younger patients over older patients on the grounds that younger patients are considered more valuable to society because they have more years of life ahead of them, 
One is our Protestant work ethic which places high value on work, so older people who are no longer working aren't respected. 
Another reason is our American emphasis on the virtues of self-reliance and independence, so we instinctively look down on older people who are no longer self-reliant and independent. 
Ads for Coca-Cola and beer always depict smiling young people, even though old as well as young people buy and drink Coca-Cola and beer. 
Changes for the worse begin with the cruel reality that we now have more old people and fewer young people than at any time in the past. 
Another big change for the worse in the status of the elderly is the breaking of social ties with age, because older people, their children, and their friends, all move and scatter independently of each other many times during their lives. 
Hence our older people are likely to end up living distant from their children and the friends of their youth. 
Yet another change for the worse in the status of the elderly is formal retirement from the workforce, carrying with it a loss of work friendships and a loss of the self-esteem associated with work. 
Perhaps the biggest change for the worse is that our elderly are objectively less useful than in traditional societies. 
And conversely, we older people are not fluent in the technologies essential for surviving in modern society. 
One value of older people is that they are increasingly useful as grandparents for offering high-quality childcare to their grandchildren, if they choose to do it, as more young women enter the workforce and as fewer young parents of either gender stay home as full-time caretakers of their children. 
They usually love their grandchildren, and are eager to spend time with them. 
A second value of older people is paradoxically as a result of changing world conditions and technology. 
At the same time, older people have gained in value today precisely because of their unique experience of living conditions that have now become rare because of rapid change, but that could come back. 
For example, only Americans now in their 70s or older today can remember the experience of living through a great depression, the experience of living through a world war, and agonizing whether or not dropping atomic bombs would be more horrible than the likely consequences of not dropping atomic bombs. 
Most of our current voters and politicians have no personal experience of any of those things, but millions of older Americans do. 
The remaining value of older people that I'll mention involves recognizing that while there are many things that older people can no longer do, there are other things that they can do better than younger people. 
A challenge for society is to make use of those things that older people are better at doing. 
Some abilities, of course, decrease with age. 
Conversely, valuable attributes that increase with age include experience, understanding of people and human relationships, ability to help other people and interdisciplinary thinking about large databases, such as economics and comparative history, best left to scholars over the age of 60. 
Hence older people are much better than younger people at supervising, administering, advising, strategizing, teaching, synthesizing, and devising long-term plans. 
I've seen this value of older people with so many of my friends in their 60s, 70s, 80s and 90s, who are still active as investment managers, farmers, lawyers and doctors. 
There are many obvious respects in which our lives today are far happier than those in small, traditional societies. 
They almost never die of diabetes, heart disease, stroke, and the other noncommunicable diseases that will be the causes of death of almost all of us in this room today. 
Now working memory capacity has a fairly long history, and it's associated with a lot of positive effects. 
  In fact it's --  -- exactly.  All right. I want you to take out your left hand and I want you to go, "One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10." 
Have you ever been involved in a conversation, and you realize that the conversation to your left is actually more interesting?  So you're nodding and you're smiling, but you're really paying attention to this one over here, until you hear that last word go up, and you realize, you've been asked a question.  And you're really hoping the answer is no, because that's what you're about to say. 
We should expect it to change over time. We have to support that. 
The support may come in asking people questions, giving them a sheet of paper that has an organizational chart on it or has some guiding images, but we need to support it. 
Now maybe cows have a really rich internal mental life and are so smart that they choose not to let us realize it, but we eat them. 
If all brains were made the same way and you were to compare animals with brains of different sizes, larger brains should always have more neurons than smaller brains, and the larger the brain, the more cognitively able its owner should be. 
Our brain weighs between 1.2 and 1.5 kilos, but elephant brains weigh between four and five kilos, and whale brains can weigh up to nine kilos, which is why scientists used to resort to saying that our brain must be special to explain our cognitive abilities. 
In biology, we look for rules that apply to all animals and to life in general, so why should the rules of evolution apply to everybody else but not to us? 
So this to me became the important question to answer: how many neurons does the human brain have, and how does that compare to other animals? 
It works like this: You take a brain, or parts of that brain, and you dissolve it in detergent, which destroys the cell membranes but keeps the cell nuclei intact, so you end up with a suspension of free nuclei that looks like this, like a clear soup. 
This soup contains all the nuclei that once were a mouse brain. 
Because we found that the relationship between the size of the brain and its number of neurons could be described mathematically, we could calculate what a human brain would look like if it was made like a rodent brain. 
Compared to a rat, we might seem special, yes, but that's not a fair comparison to make, given that we know that we are not rodents. 
When we realized how much expensive it is to have a lot of neurons in the brain, I figured, maybe there's a simple reason. 
So because of cooking, what once was a major liability, this large, dangerously expensive brain with a lot of neurons, could now become a major asset, now that we could both afford the energy for a lot of neurons and the time to do interesting things with them. 
So what once was a solution now became the problem, and ironically, we look for the solution in raw food. 
How we imagine our happiness, that differs from one another, but it's already a lot that we have all in common, that we want to be happy. 
Is it really the happy people that are grateful? 
And then we can also open our hearts, our hearts for the opportunities, for the opportunities also to help others, to make others happy, because nothing makes us more happy than when all of us are happy. 
What we need is a networking of smaller groups, smaller and smaller groups who know one another, who interact with one another, and that is a grateful world. 
People are becoming aware that a grateful world is a happy world, and we all have the opportunity by the simple stop, look, go, to transform the world, to make it a happy place. 
I mean, there's prison costs, there's police costs, there's court costs, all these things that you're spending money on to deal with these guys. What's it worth? 
So that means that they can try out new stuff without the embarrassment of having to pay if it didn't work, which for still quite a lot of bits of government, that's a serious issue. 
But actually, there's a lot of people who, if they're given the chance, would love to invest in something that does social good. 
The Ministry of Justice can try out a new program and they only pay if it works. 
Also, they make a reasonable return, and they also know that first investors in these kinds of things, they're going to have to believers. 
So let's think of another example: working with children in care. 
Only 13 percent achieve a reasonable level of five GCSEs at 16, against 58 percent of the wider population. 
Investors have put in 3.1 million pounds. 
Obama has suggested 300 million dollars in the U.S. budget for these kinds of ideas and structures to move it forward, and a lot of other countries are demonstrating considerable interest. 
Because normal contracting for things, when you're spending government money, you're spending our money, tax money, and the people who are in charge of that are very aware of it so the temptation is to control exactly how you spend it. 
There is, at the moment, a stale debate going on very often: state's better, public sector's better, private sector's better, social sector's better, for a lot of these programs. 
We seem to be spending more and more money. 
We take them and rip them out of their native environment, throw them in one of these dishes, and expect them to work. 
They teach us about what happens in the complex organism. 
We need human cells, but we need to find a way to keep them happy outside the body. 
So if we want to make cells happy outside our bodies, we need to become cell architects. 
We're simply trying to recreate in this tiny chip the smallest functional unit that represents the biochemistry, the function and the mechanical strain that the cells experience in our bodies. 
It tells us that these cells from the small airways in our lungs, actually have these hairlike structures that you would expect to see in the lung. 
Mucus traps particulates, viruses, potential allergens, and these little cilia move and clear the mucus out. 
When they get damaged, say, by cigarette smoke for example, they don't work properly, and they can't clear that mucus out. 
And that can lead to diseases such as bronchitis. 
But now, with the functionality that we get in these chips, we can begin to look for potential new treatments. 
And we've put intestinal human cells in a gut on a chip, and they're under constant peristaltic motion, this trickling flow through the cells, and we can mimic many of the functions that you actually would expect to see in the human intestine. 
This is a disease that affects a large number of individuals. 
There are other things like genetic differences in populations that may lead to at-risk populations that are at risk of having an adverse drug reaction. 
Now imagine if we could take cells from all those different populations, put them on chips, and create populations on a chip. 
Well, we could imagine one day having Geraldine on a chip, having Danielle on a chip, having you on a chip. 
Let me give you a small example. 
Or do you really want to hurt me personally? 
He spends his free time trying to fix up his staff on blind dates, and I know that if I ever had a problem, he would do anything he could to help. 
So someone who says they hate immigrants, I try to imagine how scared they must be that their community is changing from what they've always known. 
I get a lot of really nice letters, lots of them. 
That's emotional correctness, and that's how we start the conversations that really lead to change. 
We had heard this story about lost gold from a Gold Rush-era robbery, and we wanted to go up there. 
But we were able to do it, we got all the kits made, thanks a lot to TechShop, which was a big help to us, and we shipped these kits all over the world so it was just a few months ago. 
Mobility in developing world cities is a very peculiar challenge, because different from health or education or housing, it tends to get worse as societies become richer. 
However, there is a problem with that, that market economy needs inequality of income in order to work. 
A committee of 12-year-old children would find out in 20 minutes that the most efficient way to use scarce road space is with exclusive lanes for buses. 
They could go for dozens of kilometers safely without any risk in wonderful greenways, sort of bicycle highways, and I would invite you to imagine the following: a city in which every other street would be a street only for pedestrians and bicycles. 
But it also means that, in the words of a port chaplain I once met, the average seafarer you're going to find on a container ship is either tired or exhausted, because the pace of modern shipping is quite punishing for what the shipping calls its human element, a strange phrase which they don't seem to realize sounds a little bit inhuman. 
And that was also shocking, because suddenly, I realized, as the captain said to me, that I had been crazy to choose to go through pirate waters on a container ship. 
Well, if you go out to sea on a ship or on a cruise ship, and look up to the funnel, you'll see very black smoke. 
And that's because shipping has very tight margins, and they want cheap fuel, so they use something called bunker fuel, which was described to me by someone in the tanker industry as the dregs of the refinery, or just one step up from asphalt. 
And if you put shipping emissions on a list of the countries' carbon emissions, it would come in about sixth, somewhere near Germany. 
But when I get to this part, I'm in two minds, because I want to salute those seafarers who bring us 90 percent of everything and get very little thanks or recognition for it. 
But I also want to see shipping, and us, the general public, who know so little about it, to have a bit more scrutiny, to be a bit more transparent, to have 90 percent transparency. 
According to the World Bank, Burkina Faso is one of the poorest countries in the world, but what does it look like to grow up in a place like that? 
So now, I suppose, I don't need to explain to you how great a privilege it is for me to be standing before you today. 
The roof structure is made with cheap steel bars normally hiding inside concrete. 
So I could do a lot of projects, and here I am going to share with you only three of them. 
We start making a lot of mortars, like you can see, and when everything is ready, when you know what is the best recipe and the best form, you start working with the community. 
When the rains come, we hurry up to protect our fragile walls against the rain. 
I have won a lot of awards through this work. 
All women in Gando will open their clothes like that and give me the last penny. 
When you think of a cave, most of you think of a tunnel going through solid rock, and in fact, that's how most caves are. 
Back where I'm from, most of our caves are made of lava rock, because we have a lot of volcanoes out there. 
Now these days, with so many people hiking around, it's pretty hard to find a new cave, so you can imagine how excited we were to find three new caves within sight of Oregon's largest city and realize that they had never been explored or mapped before. 
If you squish a handful of snow to make a snowball, it gets really small, hard and dense. 
But the weirdest thing about glacier caves is that the entire cave is moving, because it's formed inside a block of ice the size of a small city that's slowly sliding down the mountain. 
Now later this summer, as more snow melted off the glacier, we found more caves, and we realized they were all connected. 
At night, I would sit with my family around the snowy, bunny-eared TV, and watch images of that same quiet man from the garden surrounded by hundreds and thousands of people as scenes from his release were broadcast nightly. 
Without you, I'm just a guy talking to an empty room, and I spent a lot of time last week doing that, and it's not the same as this. 
He would never have a lot of money, but he was to be one of the richest men I would ever meet. 
Welcome, I love you."  And there was something so beautifully African about it to me, this small house with a huge heart in it. 
The water was clear running over sand, and we turned and we began to make our way upstream. 
And then one day we came across them at this small water hole. 
I'm so happy because it was time for him to pass on. 
But I just think of so many occurrences like the time he went on the Oprah show and asked her what the show would be about. 
PM: Thank you. BV: Thank you. Thanks very much. 
I do. I was a young boy, and my grandfather had just died, and I remember a few days later lying in bed at night trying to make sense of what had happened. 
Our idea of death develops as we grow older. 
And so we look for a way out. 
Now when I first started asking what happens when we die, the grown-ups around me at the time answered with a typical English mix of awkwardness and half-hearted Christianity, and the phrase I heard most often was that granddad was now "up there looking down on us," and if I should die too, which wouldn't happen of course, then I too would go up there, which made death sound a lot like 
You take two groups of people who are similar in all relevant respects, and you remind one group that they're going to die but not the other, then you compare their behavior. 
And every time, you get the same result: People who are made aware of their mortality are more willing to believe stories that tell them they can escape death and live forever. 
But put the fear of death in them, and they run to Jesus. 
Now, this shows that reminding people of death biases them to believe, regardless of the evidence, and it works not just for religion, but for any kind of belief system that promises immortality in some form, whether it's becoming famous or having children or even nationalism, which promises you can live on as part of a greater whole. 
And these immortality stories have thousands of different manifestations, but I believe that behind the apparent diversity there are actually just four basic forms that these immortality stories can take. 
We want to avoid death, and the dream of doing that in this body in this world forever is the first and simplest kind of immortality story, and it might at first sound implausible, but actually, almost every culture in human history has had some myth or legend of an elixir of life or a fountain of youth or something that promises to keep us going forever. 
But the idea that science can cure death is just one more chapter in the story of the magical elixir, a story that is as old as civilization. 
All you need is an Internet connection and a funny cat.  But some people prefer to leave a more tangible, biological legacy -- children, for example. 
Rather, we believe these stories because we are biased to believe them, and we are biased to believe them because we are so afraid of death. 
He argued that the fear of death is natural, but it is not rational. 
"Death," he said, "is nothing to us, because when we are here, death is not, and when death is here, we are gone." 
Now, overcoming this bias is not easy because the fear of death is so deeply embedded in us, yet when we see that the fear itself is not rational, and when we bring out into the open the ways in which it can unconsciously bias us, then we can at least start to try to minimize the influence it has on our lives. 
Now, I find it helps to see life as being like a book: Just as a book is bounded by its covers, by beginning and end, so our lives are bounded by birth and death, and even though a book is limited by beginning and end, it can encompass distant landscapes, exotic figures, fantastic adventures. 
And even though a book is limited by beginning and end, the characters within it know no horizons. 
They only know the moments that make up their story, even when the book is closed. 
And so the characters of a book are not afraid of reaching the last page. 
Long John Silver is not afraid of you finishing your copy of "Treasure Island." 
Imagine the book of your life, its covers, its beginning and end, and your birth and your death. 
You can only know the moments in between, the moments that make up your life. 
There was a housing collapse, an auto industry collapse, and the population had plummeted by 25 percent between 2000 and 2010, and many people were beginning to write it off, as it had topped the list of American shrinking cities. 
Now by 2010, as well, popular design magazines were also beginning to take a closer look at cities like Detroit, and devoting whole issues to "fixing the city." 
We had planned to hold a number of community meetings in rooms like this to introduce the planning process, and people came out from all over the city, including areas that were stable neighborhoods, as well as areas that were beginning to see a lot of vacancy. 
So that question is really powerful, and it was certainly powerful to us in the moment, when you connect it to the stories that some Detroiters had, and actually a lot of African-Americans' families have had that are living in Midwestern cities like Detroit. 
Many tell us that they're one of only a few homes on their block that are occupied, and that they can see several abandoned homes from where they sit on their porches. Citywide, there are 80,000 vacant homes. 
They're beginning to see illegal activities on these properties, like illegal dumping, and they know that because the city has lost so much population, their costs for water, electricity, gas are rising, because there are not enough people to pay property taxes to help support the services that they need. 
So it's a lot of vacancy. 
Now there's been a lot of speculation since 2010 about what to do with the vacant property, and a lot of that speculation has been around community gardening, or what we call urban agriculture. 
When I hear that story, I always imagine the folks from the Great Migration rolling over in their graves, because you can imagine that they didn't sacrifice moving from the South to the North to create a better life for their families, only to see their great-grandchildren return to an agrarian lifestyle, especially in a city where they came with little less than a high school education or even a grammar school education 
These folks see that same vacant land and those same abandoned homes as opportunity for new, entrepreneurial ideas and profit, so much so that former models can move to Detroit, buy property, start successful businesses and restaurants, and become successful community activists in their neighborhood, bringing about very positive change. 
Similarly, we have small manufacturing companies making conscious decisions to relocate to the city. 
One was that the city itself wasn't necessarily too large, but the economy was too small. 
So today, I'm here to ask you to think of how the future is happening now. 
In my current role, I see up close how technology is beginning to transform industrial sectors that play a huge role energy, aviation, transportation, health care. 
Of course, electronic sensors have been around for some time, but something has changed: a sharp decline in the cost of sensors and, thanks to advances in cloud computing, a rapid decrease in the cost of storing and processing data. 
It's a world where information itself becomes intelligent and comes to us automatically when we need it without having to look for it. 
We are beginning to deploy throughout the industrial system embedded virtualization, multi-core processor technology, advanced cloud-based communications, a new software-defined machine infrastructure which allows machine functionality to become virtualized in software, decoupling machine software from hardware, and allowing us to remotely and automatically monitor, manage and upgrade industrial assets. 
So let me give you a few examples of how these brilliant machines work, and some of the examples may seem trivial, some are clearly more profound, but all of them are going to have a very powerful impact. 
And if she faces an unexpected issue, the same handheld device will allow her to communicate with colleagues at the service center, let them see what she sees, transmit data that they can run through diagnostics, and they can stream videos that will guide her, step by step, through whatever complex procedure is needed to get the machines back up and running. 
And the new wave of innovation which is beginning to sweep through industry is no different. 
We are just at the beginning of this transformation, and there will be barriers to break, obstacles to overcome. 
And this is the type of mechanism that the Jaipur Foot Organization was using when they were looking for a better knee, and I just wanted to give you a sense of what a leg system looks like, because I'm showing you all these knees and I imagine it's hard to think how it all fits together. 
We did a lot of iterations, not just around this, but some other things. 
And all this past year in training, I had that Teddy Roosevelt quote to paraphrase it, floating around in my brain, and it says, "You go ahead, you go ahead and sit back in your comfortable chair and you be the critic, you be the observer, while the brave one gets in the ring and engages and gets bloody and gets dirty and fails over and over and over again, but yet isn't afraid and isn't timid 
I've got goggles and I'm turning my head 50 times a minute, and I'm singing, ♪ Imagine there's no heaven ♪ ♪ doo doo doo doo doo ♪ ♪ It's easy if you try ♪ ♪ doo doo doo doo doo ♪ And I can sing that song a thousand times in a row. 
♪ Imagine there's no heaven ♪ And when I get through the end of a thousand of John Lennon's "Imagine," I have swum nine hours and 45 minutes, exactly. 
And the vomiting starts, the seawater, you're not well, you're wearing a jellyfish mask for the ultimate protection. 
So many people come up to me now and say, "What's next? We love that! 
When Bonnie thought that the back of my throat was swelling up, and she brought the medical team over to our boat to say that she's really beginning to have trouble breathing. 
The Henry David Thoreau quote goes, when you achieve your dreams, it's not so much what you get as who you have become in achieving them. 
Paul Piff: Okay, so it was quickly apparent to players that something was up. 
I'll buy it. I have so much money. 
Rich Player 2: I'm going to buy out this whole board. 
And when the rich players talked about in this rigged game of Monopoly --  — they talked about what they'd done to buy those different properties and earn their success in the game, and they became far less attuned to all those different features of the situation, including that flip of a coin that had randomly gotten them into that privileged position in the first place. 
Now this game of Monopoly can be used as a metaphor for understanding society and its hierarchical structure, wherein some people have a lot of wealth and a lot of status, and a lot of people don't. 
We've had people play games to see who's more or less likely to cheat to increase their chances of winning a prize. 
In fact, there's every reason to think that they'll only get worse, and that's what it would look like if things just stayed the same, at the same linear rate, over the next 20 years. 
Social mobility, things we really care about, physical health, social trust, all go down as inequality goes up. 
This cascade of self-perpetuating, pernicious, negative effects could seem like something that's spun out of control, and there's nothing we can do about it, certainly nothing we as individuals could do. 
But in fact, we've been finding in our own laboratory research that small psychological interventions, small changes to people's values, small nudges in certain directions, can restore levels of egalitarianism and empathy. 
And beyond the walls of our lab, we're even beginning to see signs of change in society. 
Your brain does a lot of its work behind the scenes, and that is a good thing, because your conscious mind -- how do we put this politely? -- it's easily distracted. 
If you lose a lot of weight, your brain reacts as if you were starving, and whether you started out fat or thin, your brain's response is exactly the same. 
If you do lose a lot of weight, you become hungry, and your muscles burn less energy. 
That's a lot of food. 
This may explain a very sad fact: Set points can go up, but they rarely go down. 
And a small indulgence, like eating one scoop of ice cream, is more likely to lead to a food binge in controlled eaters. 
 This is a study that looked at the risk of death over a 14-year period based on four healthy habits: eating enough fruits and vegetables, exercise three times a week, not smoking, and drinking in moderation. 
I'm talking about mindful eating: learning to understand your body's signals so that you eat when you're hungry and stop when you're full, because a lot of weight gain boils down to eating when you're not hungry. 
I should say that this approach to eating probably won't make you lose weight unless you often eat when you're not hungry, but doctors don't know of any approach that makes significant weight loss in a lot of people, and that is why a lot of people are now focusing on preventing weight gain instead of promoting weight loss. 
Diets may seem harmless, but they actually do a lot of collateral damage. 
It was the '60s. A lot of people smoked back then. 
About a third of all drugs drop out at that point. 
When you're done with all that, what you have is a very small percentage of drugs that start the process actually come out the other side. 
So now here's a question: if I were to ask you, for example, to make a one-time investment of, say, 200 million dollars to buy one of those bottles, so 200 million dollars up front, one time, to buy one of those bottles, I won't tell you which one it is, and in 10 years, I'll tell you whether you have one of the blue ones. 
Does that sound like a good deal for anybody? 
In fact, that early stage of the funding process, that Phase I and pre-clinical stuff, that's actually, in the industry, called the Valley of Death because it's where drugs go to die. 
It's very hard to for them to get through there, and of course, if you can't get through there, you can't get to the later stages. 
We were able to get rid of the risk, but now we need a lot of capital, and there's only one place to get that kind of capital, the capital markets. 
That cash flow is used, then, to buy that big portfolio of drugs that you need, and those drugs start working their way through that approval process, and each time they go through a next phase of approval, they gain value. 
You do that for the course of the transaction, and when you're done, you liquidate the portfolio, pay back the bonds, and you can give the equity holders a nice return. 
And all that actually took a lot of time. 
Or, maybe, we can think of it from an information point of view. 
There's a lot of material available -- newspaper, printed books, thousands of printed books. 
The system should allow for that, because we have to deal with a new form of uncertainty, which is really new for this type of giant databases. 
On the contrary, imagine actually that you start from a document, a Venetian manuscript, and you show, actually, what you can construct out of it, how it is decoded, how the context of that document can be recreated. 
We see projects which are much beyond any single research team can do, and this is really new for the humanities, which very often take the habit of working in small groups or only with a couple of researchers. 
Hundreds of these brightly-colored sculptures decorated the park for a number of weeks, and unlike work that's exhibited in a more neutral space, like on the walls of a gallery or a museum, this was work that was really in dialogue with this place, and in a lot of ways, The Gates was really a celebration of Frederick Olmsted's incredible design. 
So think of this as a choose-your-own-adventure of an album. 
When they ask for a C.D. or an MP3 version, we just can't make that happen, and the reason is because this isn't a promotional app or a game to promote or accompany the release of a traditional record. 
Now, capitalism has done a lot of good things and I've talked about a lot of good things that have happened, but equally, it has not been able to meet up with some of the challenges that we've seen in society. 
The model that at least I was brought up in and a lot of us doing business were brought up in was one which talked about what I call the three G's of growth: growth that is consistent, quarter on quarter; growth that is competitive, better than the other person; and growth that is profitable, so you continue to make more and more shareholder value. 
And I'm afraid this is not going to be good enough and we have to move from this 3G model to a model of what I call the fourth G: the G of growth that is responsible. 
I said, "I'm here to sell a lot of soap." 
And we had this lady who was one of our small distributors -- beautiful, very, very modest, her home -- and she was out there, dressed nicely, her husband in the back, her mother-in-law behind and her sister-in-law behind her. 
The social order was changing because this lady is part of our Project Shakti that is actually teaching women how to do small business and how to carry the message of nutrition and hygiene. 
There are small actions that can make a big difference. 
We were the first to say we are going to buy all of our palm oil from sustainable sources. 
To the naked eye it just looks like a square smaller than a postage stamp, but under a microscope what you see are thousands of tiny projections that are invisible to the human eye. 
So firstly, the projections on the Nanopatch breach through the tough outer layer and the vaccine is very quickly released -- within less than a minute, in fact. 
We've talked about it being needle-free -- these are projections that you can't even see -- and, of course, we get around the needle phobia issue as well. 
It takes a little while to get our heads around, but I'll try to explain it in simple terms. 
So I'll take a step back and explain to you how vaccines work in a simple way. 
Now that safe germ, that antigen, tricks our body into mounting an immune response, learning and remembering how to deal with intruders. 
When the real intruder comes along the body quickly mounts an immune response to deal with that vaccine and neutralizes the infection. 
To describe this idea, we need to take a journey through the skin, starting with one of those projections and applying the Nanopatch to the skin. 
That red layer is a tough outer layer of dead skin, but the brown layer and the magenta layer are jammed full of immune cells. 
But notice immediately the distinctly different curve that we achieve with the blue line. 
If the vaccine is too warm the vaccine breaks down, but interestingly it can be too cold and the vaccine can break down as well. 
And as we look ahead I'd like to share with you a thought: It's the thought of a future where the 17 million deaths per year that we currently have due to infectious disease is a historical footnote. 
But fortunately, there were the few, the proud -- like you -- who told me I should give the speech, and I asked myself the question Mark Zuckerberg might -- the founder of Facebook and my boss -- asks all of us, which is, what would I do if I wasn't afraid? 
And the answer to what would I do if I wasn't afraid is I would get on the TED stage, and talk about women, and leadership. And I did, and survived.  PM: I would say, not only survived. I'm thinking of that moment, Sheryl, when you and I were standing backstage together, and you turned to me, and you told me a story. 
PM: I think that one of the most striking parts about the book, and in my opinion, one of the reasons it's hit such a nerve and is resonating around the world, is that you are personal in the book, and that you do make it clear that, while you've observed some things that are very important for other women to know, that you've had the same challenges that many others of us have, 
I got this great --- one of the first letters I got was from a woman who said that she was offered a really big promotion at work, and she turned it down, and she told her best friend she turned it down, and her best friend said, you really need to watch this TED Talk. 
And what really mattered to me -- it wasn't only women in the corporate world, even though I did hear from a lot of them, and it did impact a lot of them, it was also people of all different circumstances. 
And then there was the woman, stay-at-home mom, lives in a really difficult neighborhood, with not a great school, she said that TED Talk -- she's never had a corporate job, but that TED Talk inspired her to go to her school and fight for a better teacher for her child. 
PM: And in the book, you not only found your voice, which is clear and strong in the book, but you also share what you've learned -- the experiences of other people in the lessons. 
To launch not just a book, not just a best-selling, best-viewed talk, but a movement, where people began to literally describe their actions at work as, I'm leaning in. 
So I don't know if I'm an expert, or if anyone is an expert. I certainly have done a lot of research. 
Now I know there aren't a lot of men here, but bear with me. 
Please raise your hand if you've been told you're too aggressive at work. 
If you're a woman, please raise your hand if you've ever been told you're too aggressive at work. 
It's just that we judge them through a different lens, and a lot of the character traits that you must exhibit to perform at work, to get results, to lead, are ones that we think, in a man, he's a boss, and in a woman, she's bossy. 
PM: Can we send that to a lot of other people that we know?  SS: And so John is doing that because he believes it's good for his company, and so this kind of acknowledgement of these biases can change it. 
Everywhere I go, women tell me they ask for raises. 
The foundation I started along with the book "Lean In" helps women, or men, start circles -- small groups, it can be 10, it can be however many you want, which meet once a month. 
I've never met a man who's been asked how he does it all.  Again, I'm going to turn to the men in the audience: Please raise your hand if you've been asked, how do you do it all? 
Women, women. Please raise your hand if you've been asked how you do it all? 
In the end, I accepted the job without actually having been here. 
And then it was made worse -- there were two of them. 
I mean, it's a color that I can't think of anything that you actually see in nature, that looks that shade. 
These objects, it seemed to me, were quintessentially the kind that I and my liberal left friends in London had always seen as summing up something deplorable about the French aristocracy The label had told me that these pieces were made by the Sèvres Manufactory, made of porcelain in the late 1750s, and designed by a designer called Jean-Claude Duplessis, actually somebody of extraordinary distinction as I later learned. 
How many moments for accident can you think of that could have happened to this piece? 
It's not an escapism that we feel particularly happy with today, however. 
I think it's beginning to happen. 
I feel lucky in a way, I've encountered this object. 
And unlike the pink elephant vase, this was a kind of love at first sight. 
When I first saw Pixar's "Luxo Jr.," I was amazed by how much emotion they could put into something as trivial as a desk lamp. 
A year later I found myself at MIT in the Robotic Life Group. 
 But, moving in a graceful way is just one building block of this whole structure called human-robot interaction. 
We were folding up a lot of folding chairs, and I was amazed at how quickly we found our own rhythm. 
And then, I did another experiment, and I got people off the street to use the robotic desk lamp, and try out this idea of embodied artificial intelligence. 
For one half of the people, I put in a brain that's kind of the traditional, calculated robotic brain. 
It only did what it was supposed to do and nothing more, which is almost what people expect robots to do, so I was surprised that people had higher expectations of robots than what anybody in robotics thought robots should be doing. 
I think.  And I went back to my animation tools and tried to figure out not just what a robotic musician would look like, but especially what a robotic musician would move like, to sort of show that it doesn't like what the other person is playing -- and maybe show whatever beat it's feeling at the moment. 
And at some point -- we are in Atlanta, so obviously some rapper will come into our lab at some point -- and we had this rapper come in and do a little jam with the robot. 
 So, a lot of bobbing heads. 
 A lot of bobbing heads in the audience, so we can still see robots influence people. 
And I want these robots to be more fluent, more engaging, more graceful than currently they seem to be. 
Maybe they even need to be able to make mistakes and correct them, because in the end, we are human. 
SEF: Again, please don't be shy. 
Couples who are looking for greater happiness, greater sexual happiness in their married lives, but are at a loss of how to achieve it, especially wives, who are afraid of being seen as bad women if they show some spark in the bedroom. 
And although we don't yet have an Arab Kinsey Report to tell us exactly what's happening inside bedrooms across the Arab region, It's pretty clear that something is not right. 
Double standards for men and women, sex as a source of shame, family control limiting individual choices, and a vast gulf between appearance and reality: what people are doing and what they're willing to admit to, and a general reluctance to move beyond private whispers to a serious and sustained public discussion. 
But sex, everybody is doing it, but nobody wants to talk about it."    SEF: I want to give you a piece of advice, which if you follow it, will make you happy in life. 
And it is the product of a complex historical process, one which has gained ground with the rise of Islamic conservatism "Just say no" is what conservatives around the world say to any challenge to the sexual status quo. 
 Over my travels, I've met men and women across the Arab region who've been exploring that spectrum -- sexologists who are trying to help couples find greater happiness in their marriages, innovators who are managing to get sexuality education into schools, small groups of men and women, lesbian, gay, transgendered, transsexual, who are reaching out to their peers with online initiatives and real-world support. 
Now these efforts are small, they're often underfunded, and they face formidable opposition. 
But at this critical moment in history, if we do not anchor freedom and justice, dignity and equality, privacy and autonomy in our personal lives, in our sexual lives, we will find it very hard to achieve in public life. 
And what we found was that Linda's disease didn't look like the typical male disease. 
The typical male disease looks like this. 
A landmark study that was published two years ago asked the very important question: What are the most effective treatments for heart disease in women? 
And these studies could not contribute one iota to the very, very important question, what are the most effective treatments for heart disease in women? 
And these genes are activated mainly by estrogen. 
Take a look at the death rate from breast cancer over time. 
And now take a look at the death rates from lung cancer in women over time. 
Now let's look at the dollars invested in breast cancer -- these are the dollars invested per death -- and the dollars invested in lung cancer. 
Now, it's clear that our investment in breast cancer has produced results. 
We have the tools but we lack the collective will and momentum. 
 So imagine the momentum we could achieve in advancing the health of women if we considered whether these sex differences were present Or if we analyzed our data by sex. 
And second, and equally as important, that as a woman, you have to ask your doctor and the doctors who are caring for those who you love: Is this disease or treatment different in women? 
We create dedicated structure processed systems, basically to deal with the new complexity of business. 
For any new requirement, you have a dedicated function in charge of aligning engineers against the new requirement. 
When you design cars, please take into account the needs of those who will repair the cars in the after sales garages. 
So who is left? The employees, who have to compensate through their super individual efforts for the lack of cooperation. 
 The more we like each other, the more we avoid the real cooperation that would strain our relationships by imposing tough tradeoffs. 
To deal with complexity, to enhance the nervous system, we have created what we call the smart simplicity approach based on simple rules. 
You need to increase the quanitity of power so that you can empower everybody to use their judgment, their intelligence. 
You can increase the shadow of the future. 
They said to the design engineers: Now, in three years, when the new car is launched on the market, you will move to the after sales network, and become in charge of the warranty budget, and if the warranty budget explodes, it will explode in your face.  Much more powerful than 0.8 percent variable compensation. 
You need also to increase reciprocity, by removing the buffers that make us self-sufficient. 
He says, blame is not for failure, it is for failing to help or ask for help. 
Suddenly it becomes in my interest to be transparent on my real weaknesses, my real forecast, because I know I will not be blamed if I fail, but if I fail to help or ask for help. 
It has a lot of implications on financial policies that we use. 
When do we meet competitors to fight them? 
And I remember it really well, because I don't have a lot of epiphanies.  All I had to do was write a song that exploits my nervousness. 
And having the stage fright song let me get past that biggest issue right in the beginning of a performance. 
♫ And you tell me, don't worry so much, you'll be great. ♫ ♫ But I'm the one living with me ♫ ♫ and I know how I get. ♫ ♫ Your advice is gentle but late. ♫ ♫ If not just a bit patronizing. ♫ ♫ And that sarcastic tone doesn't help me when I sing. ♫ ♫ But we shouldn't talk about these things right now, ♫ ♫ really, I'm up on stage, and you're in the crowd. Hi. ♫ 
♫ And I'm not making fun of unnurtured, irrational fear, ♫ ♫ and if I wasn't ready to face this, ♫ ♫ I sure as hell wouldn't be here. ♫ ♫ But if I belt one note out clearly, ♫ ♫ you'll know I'm recovering slowly but surely. ♫ ♫ And maybe next week, I'll set my guitar ringin' ♫ ♫ my voice clear as water, and everyone singin'. ♫ ♫ But probably I'll just get up and start groovin', ♫ 
We are taking what we are learning and the technologies we are developing in the large and applying them in the small to create a blended model of education to really reinvent and reimagine what we do in the classroom. 
So at edX and a number of other organizations, we are applying these technologies to education through MOOCs to really increase access to education. 
We are taking what we develop and learn in the large and applying it in the small to the classroom, to create a blended model of learning. 
Let's not fight it. Let's embrace it. 
Think of this as the ultimate Socratization of education. 
They get the instant feedback, and this little green check mark that you see here is becoming somewhat of a cult symbol at edX. 
Learners are telling us that they go to bed at night dreaming of the green check mark. 
In fact, one of our learners who took the circuits course early last year, he then went on to take a software course from Berkeley at the end of the year, and this is what the learner had to say on our discussion board when he just started that course about the green check mark: &amp;quot;Oh god; have I missed you.&amp;quot; When's the last time you've seen students posting comments like this about homework? 
It turned out that we were doing a lot of low-level drug cases on the streets just around the corner from our office in Trenton. 
And what I saw in that room, as we talked about how to reduce crime, were a series of officers with a lot of little yellow sticky notes. 
We were essentially trying to fight crime with yellow Post-it notes. 
Now, moneyball, as many of you know, is what the Oakland A's did, where they used smart data and statistics to figure out how to pick players that would help them win games, and they went from a system that was based on baseball scouts who used to go out and watch players and use their instinct and experience, the scouts' instincts and experience, to pick players, from one to use 
So when I started my job at the Arnold Foundation, I came back to looking at a lot of these questions, and I came back to thinking about how we had used data and analytics to transform the way we did criminal justice in New Jersey. 
What I decided to look for was a strong data and analytic risk assessment tool, something that would let judges actually understand with a scientific and objective way what the risk was that was posed by someone in front of them. 
The tool went statewide in Kentucky on July 1, and we're about to go up in a number of other U.S. jurisdictions. 
Now, the great news about all this, and we have a ton of work left to do, and we have a lot of culture to change, but the great news about all of it is that we know it works. 
And the way that they did this was they would only feature girls on the boxes or in the commercials, and there would be flowery prints all over the ovens and it would be in bright pink and purple, very gender-specific colors to females, right? 
Change.org is an online petition-sharing platform where you can create a petition and share it across all of these social media networks, through Facebook, through Twitter, through YouTube, through Reddit, through Tumblr, through whatever you can think of. 
I want to let you know it's not going to be easy, and it wasn't easy for me, because I faced a lot of obstacles. 
It hurt me, and it made me think, what's the point of making change in the future? 
through whatever else you can think of. 
Well, complex is not complicated. 
Something complicated comprises many small parts, all different, and each of them has its own precise role in the machinery. 
On the opposite, a complex system is made of many, many similar parts, and it is their interaction that produces a globally coherent behavior. 
Complex systems have many interacting parts which behave according to simple, individual rules, and this results in emergent properties. 
But from Aristotle, let's move onto a more concrete example of complex systems. 
We collect data on animal populations, analyze complex patterns, try to explain them. 
In a way, collaboration is another example of a complex system. 
So I set out to study electrical engineering and robotics, and my end-of-studies project was about building a robot called ER-1 -- it looked like this— that would collect information from its environment and proceed to follow a white line on the ground. 
And they live in maternity colonies, which means that every spring, the females meet after the winter hibernation, and they stay together for about six months to rear their young, and they all carry a very small chip, which means that every time one of them enters one of these specially equipped bat boxes, we know where she is, and more importantly, we know with whom she is. 
This is all it takes to explain the social complexity of these bats. 
The next spring, it didn't form two communities like every year, which may have led the whole colony to die because it had become too small. 
What we do is put very small GPS collars on these animals to study how they move together, and what this has to do with their social structure. 
We found that the dominant female is mostly the one who leads the group to the road, but when it comes to crossing it, crossing the road, she gives way to the subordinates, a manner of saying, "Go ahead, tell me if it's safe." 
What I didn't know, in fact, was what rules in their behavior the meerkats follow for this change at the edge of the group to happen and if simple rules were sufficient to explain it. 
between the dominant female, here in red, and the other individuals, is that for her, the height of the obstacle, which is in fact the risk perceived from the road, is just slightly higher, in the individual's rule of movement is sufficient to explain what we observe, that the dominant female leads her group to the road and then gives way to the others for them to cross first. 
But it's also useful, because it tells us that extreme simplicity in movement rules at the individual level can result in a great deal of complexity So again, that's simplifying complexity. 
They adapt very simple rules, and the resulting complex behavior allows them to resist human encroachment into their natural habitat. 
In the end, it may be bats which change their social structure in response to a population crash, or it may be meerkats who show a novel adaptation to a human road, or it may be another species. 
DG: Okay, great. I'm sure a lot of people in the audience somehow tried to make associations between the animals you were talking about -- the bats, meerkats -- and humans. 
And the lesson is that it's often difficult, and sometimes even a bit dangerous, to draw parallels between humans and animals. 
Now a lot of people ask me, why is your business eco-friendly? 
I want you to imagine what a breakthrough this was for women who were victims of violence in the 1980s. 
And I remember walking through the halls of the U.S. Capitol, and I was in my 30s, and my life had purpose, and I couldn't imagine that anybody would ever challenge this important piece of legislation. 
I'm sure there are a lot of data nerds here. 
And so, step number three on this journey: We know, if we're going to keep making this progress, we're going to have to turn up the volume, we're going to have to increase the visibility, and we're going to have to engage the public. 
Woman: Well, I thought you'd be home a couple hours ago, and I put everything away, so— Man: What is this? Pizza. Woman: If you had just called me, I would have known— Man: Dinner? Dinner ready is a pizza? Woman: Honey, please don't be so loud. 
Please don't—Let go of me! 
And all of a sudden, he looked at the back of the room, and he saw his daughter, and he called out his daughter's name, Michaela, and he said, "Michaela, come up here." 
I do this work because I'm her dad, and I don't want anyone ever to hurt her." 
In one, I used NASA supercomputers to design next-generation spacecraft, and in the other I was a data scientist of sensitive nuclear technologies. 
As a data scientist, I did a lot of analyses, mostly of facilities, industrial facilities around the world. 
I think a lot of people actually understand this anecdotally, but in order to visualize just how sparsely our planet is collected, some friends and I put together a dataset of the 30 million pictures that have been gathered by these satellites between 2000 and 2010. 
Wasn't there a way to build a smaller, simpler, new satellite design that could enable more timely imaging? 
This was hitchhiking small satellites alongside much larger satellites. 
This dropped the cost of putting objects up there by over a factor of 100, and suddenly we could afford to experiment, to take a little bit of risk, and to realize a lot of innovation. 
And a new generation of engineers and scientists, mostly out of universities, began launching these very small, breadbox-sized satellites called CubeSats. 
In space, size drives cost, and we had worked with these very small, breadbox-sized satellites in school, but as we began to better understand the laws of physics, we found that the quality of pictures those satellites could take was very limited, because the laws of physics dictate that the best picture you can take through a telescope is a function of the diameter of that telescope, and these satellites had a very small, 
but get a lot of them at an affordable price. 
What came next was making the rest of the satellite as small and as simple as possible, basically a flying telescope with four walls and a set of electronics smaller than a phone book that used less power than a 100 watt lightbulb. 
Now people use these because they get a lot of light, which means less of the noise you see in a low-cost cell phone image. 
And soon, we'll turn our attention to launching a constellation of 24 or more of these satellites and beginning to build the scalable analytics that will allow us to unearth the insights in the petabytes of data we will collect. 
Not only people cross the border here, but entire chunks of one city move to the next, and when these houses are placed on top of these steel frames, they leave the first floor to become the second to be in-filled with more house, with a small business. 
But not only houses, also small debris from one city, from San Diego, to Tijuana. 
Probably a lot of you have seen the rubber tires that are used in the slums to build retaining walls. 
And I'm talking about how this begins to suggest that the future of Southern California depends on the retrofitting of the large urbanization -- I mean, on steroids -- with the small programs, social and economic. 
I'm referring to how immigrants, when they come to these neighborhoods, they begin to alter the one-dimensionality of parcels and properties into more socially and economically complex systems, as they begin to plug an informal economy into a garage, or as they build an illegal granny flat to support an extended family. 
So many stories emerge from these dynamics of alteration of space, such as &amp;quot;the informal Buddha,&amp;quot; which tells the story of a small house that saved itself, it did not travel to Mexico, but it was retrofitted in the end into a Buddhist temple, and in so doing, this small house transforms or mutates from a singular dwelling into a small, or a micro, socioeconomic and cultural infrastructure inside a neighborhood. 
So these action neighborhoods, as I call them, really become the inspiration to imagine other interpretations of citizenship that have less to do, in fact, with belonging to the nation-state, and more with upholding the notion of citizenship as a creative act that reorganizes institutional protocols in the spaces of the city. 
They barricaded the place, and the teenagers were evicted, and the teenagers decided to fight back, not with bank cards or slogans but with constructing a critical process. 
The first thing they did was to recognize the specificity of political jurisdiction inscribed in that empty space. 
All these red lines are the invisible political institutions that were inscribed in that leftover empty space. 
Now for many of you, this story might seem trivial or naive. 
So I'm going to try and describe some of the experiences that we're looking for through each of the works. 
That's about this much. And the smallest one is an A4. 
So this brings me to a quieter, small work called Handheld. 
The viewer sees a piece of paper that's mounted on the far end of the wall, but when you go closer, you see that it's a blank A4, or a letter-sized piece of paper, that's held on either side by two small hands that appear to be carved with a great deal of attention and care from a small block of wood. 
You have to imagine the other hand. It's not there yet. 
But the idea is that once it's got the person's attention, it's no longer interested, and it looks for the next person whose attention to get. 
And so to us this is a kind of sinister being which is trying to distract you from the things that actually need your attention, but it could also be a figure that needs a lot of help. 
Seated in this audience are 996 small figures. 
of their own free will. 
So the viewer can play it by eliciting quite complex and varied, nuanced musical or sound patterns, but cannot really provoke the audience into any particular kind of response. 
So here's a small visual animation, as if the two sides of the brain are sort of clashing against each other to kind of make sense of the duality and the tension. 
This grid is inhabited by a tribe of small figures. 
So we like the idea of these figures sort of skipping along like they're oblivious and carefree and happy-go-lucky and content, until they sort of sense a movement from the viewer and they will hide behind the fastest wall. 
These figures are sort of entrapped within this very strong grid, which is like a prison, but also a fortress, because it allows them to be oblivious and naive and carefree and quite oblivious of the external world. 
So it's really quite small. 
So imagine our excitement when we saw it really working in the studio, and here it is. 
Well, look, think of it this way. 
The case of Donoghue vs. Stevenson that followed set a very important legal precedent: Stevenson, the manufacturer of the ginger beer, was held to have a clear duty of care towards May Donoghue, even though there was no contract between them, and, indeed, she hadn't even bought the drink. 
Now please hang on to that Paisley snail story, because it's an important principle. 
Now there will be those who will argue that this could all too easily drift into a form of censorship, albeit self-censorship, but I don't buy that argument. 
Let me explain why by taking the example from my own career as a filmmaker. 
Our integrity as we deal with those with whom we work and our own standards as we operate within society. 
They're part of a collective responsibility, the responsibility of the artist or the journalist to deal with the world as it really is, and this, in turn, must go hand in hand with the responsibility of those governing society to also face up to that world, and not to be tempted to misappropriate the causes of its ills. 
Yet, as has become strikingly clear over the last couple of years, such responsibility has to a very great extent been abrogated by large sections of the media. 
And as a consequence, across the Western world, the over-simplistic policies of the parties of protest and their appeal to a largely disillusioned, older demographic, along with the apathy and obsession with the trivial that typifies at least some of the young, taken together, these and other similarly contemporary aberrations are threatening to squeeze the life out of active, informed debate and engagement, and I stress active. 
But most of us, I think, accept some small role for the state to enforce a duty of care, and the key word here is reasonable. 
Far from signifying overbearing state power, it's that small common sense test of reasonableness that I'd like us to apply to those in the media who, after all, set the tone and the content for much of our democratic discourse. 
Democracy, in order to work, requires that reasonable men and women take the time to understand and debate difficult, sometimes complex issues, and they do so in an atmosphere which strives for the type of understanding that leads to, if not agreement, then at least a productive and workable compromise. 
Because in the end, it comes down to a combination of trust and leadership. 
The first led almost immediately to the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty, and the second led to the 1964 Civil Rights Act, both of which represented giant leaps forward. 
Democracy, well-led and well-informed, can achieve very great things, but there's a precondition. 
But a phenomenon started in the 13th century, mainly in the Renaissance, in the West, that caused the biggest identity crisis in the history of humankind. 
Now individuals are free to value or disvalue any attitude, any choice, any object. 
On the free market of individual desires, I negotiate my value every day. 
Nothing could be less materialistic, or more sentimental, than a teenager buying brand new jeans and tearing them at the knees, because he wants to please Jennifer. 
In light of this observation on contemporary love, how can we think of love in the years to come? 
But we can, for instance, imagine a dating website which, a bit like those loyalty points programs, uses seduction capital points that vary according to my age, my height/weight ratio, my degree, my salary, or the number of clicks on my profile. 
We can also imagine a chemical treatment for breakups that weakens the feelings of attachment. 
It's a bit disgusting. Indeed, for the pick-up artists, falling in love with someone is a waste of time, it's squandering your seduction capital, so it must be eliminated like a disease, like an infection. 
 Of course, this race for seduction, like every fierce competition, will create huge disparities in narcissistic satisfaction, and therefore a lot of loneliness and frustration too. 
So we can expect that modernity itself, which is the origin of seduction capital, would be called into question. 
We all pretend to have an idol; we all pretend to be an idol for someone else, but actually we are all impostors, a bit like a man on the street who appears totally cool and indifferent, while he has actually anticipated and calculated so that all eyes are on him. 
I think that becoming aware of this general imposture that concerns all of us would ease our love relationships. 
And therefore I want to seem perfect so that another can love me. 
I refer to self-mockery. 
Okay, let's think of why. 
You see, what happens is, when we need to make complex choices, us humans like really simple solutions, and so we often ask for simple solutions. 
And this is really hard, because we live in incredibly complex systems. 
if we're actually going to address sustainability of interlocking those complex systems and making better choices that result in net environmental gains. 
You see, there are facilities now that can actually capture that methane and generate power, displacing the need for fossil fuel power, but we need to be smart about this. 
And the problem is, they're so big now, it's easier for us to buy more food that we can't eat or find. 
I mean, there's a lot of complex systems going on here. 
We've had to clear land. 
The problem is, imagine if we actually started to reconsider how we designed things. 
So imagine if we actually really started to identify these problems and use that as the foundation for finding innovative and elegant design solutions that will solve those problems. 
But that's really big in the U.K. 
They seem logical, right? Yeah. 
The minute the ad break comes on, this man has to rush to buy nuclear power from France, because everybody turns their kettles on at the same time. 
Now, I looked at a number of kettles available on the market, and found the minimum fill lines, so the little piece of information that tells you how much you need to put in there, was between two and a five-and-a-half cups of water just to make one cup of tea. 
There's a number of highly complex and valuable materials embodied inside these things, so we need to find ways of encouraging disassembly, because this is otherwise what happens. 
So we need to find smarter, more systems-based, innovative solutions to these problems, So imagine if, when you bought your mobile phone, your new one because you replaced your old one -- after 15 to 18 months is the average time that people replace their phones, by the way — so if we're going to keep this kind of expedient mobile phone replacing, then we should be looking at closing the loop on these systems. 
The people who produce these phones, and some of which I'm sure are in the room right now, could potentially look at doing what we call closed-loop systems, or product system services, so identifying that there is a market demand and that market demand's not going to go anywhere, so you design the product to solve the problem. 
These kinds of approaches are not hard, but understanding the system and then looking for viable, market-driven consumer demand alternatives is how we can start radically altering the sustainability agenda, because I hate to break it to you all: Consumption is the biggest problem. 
If you just had paper or plastic -- obviously reusable is far more beneficial -- then the paper is worse, and the paper is worse because it weighs four to 10 times more than the plastic, and when we actually compare, from a life cycle perspective, a kilo of plastic and a kilo of paper, the paper is far better, but the functionality of a plastic or a paper bag to carry your groceries home is not done with a kilo of each material. 
It's done with a very small amount of plastic and quite a lot more paper. 
The rest of them, it's all about application, and at the end of the day, everything we design and produce in the economy or buy as consumers is done so for function. 
We want something, therefore we buy it. 
We have a population that's both growing and aging; we have seven billion souls today heading to 10 billion at the end of the century; we consume natural resources faster than they can be replenished; and the emissions that are mainly responsible for climate change just keep increasing. 
And they are really complex and they can seem really far off, that the temptation may be to do this: bury our heads in the sand and not think about it. 
That's a really big bet. Why did they do that? 
Now, I do speak to a lot of investors as part of my job, and not all of them see it this way. 
 A lot of it. 
Well, maybe not if you live in Boston.  But my point is that we buy insurance to protect ourselves financially in case those things happen, right? 
This lack of individuation of the synthetic voice really hit home when I was at an assistive technology conference and I recall walking into an exhibit hall and seeing a little girl and a grown man having a conversation using their devices, different devices, but the same voice. 
So what I wanted to do next is, I wanted to find out how we could harness these residual vocal abilities and build a technology that could be customized for them, voices that could be customized for them. 
These are people who had lost their voice later in life. 
We set out with a little bit of funding from the National Science Foundation, to create custom-crafted voices that captured their unique vocal identities. 
Because when we mix them, we can get a voice that's as clear as our surrogate talker -- that's the person we borrowed the filter from— and is similar in identity to our target talker. 
I imagine a whole world of surrogate donors from all walks of life, different sizes, different ages, coming together in this voice drive to give people voices that are as colorful as their personalities. 
Now, I can't do the accent, but I am serious, thanks to these two children, who, as you'll learn, are very much at the heart of my talk. 
In 1970, governments set themselves a target to increase overseas aid payments to 0.7 percent of their national income. 
We can't settle for that, which is why the concern about the eighth goal, which relates to funding, which I said at the beginning is falling, So what can be done? 
So think of this: Instead of just being able to help Dorothy and four of her classmates to go through secondary school for a few years, I was able to double my contribution. 
Well, this involves the creation of money to buy goods, not assets. 
So let's think of an example where Print Aid was in place in the U.S., U.K. and Japan. 
What would that look like that had already happened in those countries to save the financial system? 
You might struggle to see that at the back, because the gap is quite small. 
What is clear is the impact on aid. 
And then there were stories like the senior leadership team that's surprised by a market shift, finds itself having to force the company to reduce its size in half or go out of business. 
 In a 21st-century world, which is more global, digitally enabled and transparent, with faster speeds of information flow and innovation, and where nothing big gets done without some kind of a complex matrix, relying on traditional development practices will stunt your growth as a leader. 
Great leaders dare to be different. 
The idea is that, as part of human nature, from the beginning of our species' time, men have sort of leased women's reproductive potential by providing them with certain goods and services. 
They not only share things, they demand that things be shared: meat, shelter, protection, all these things that were supposedly being traded to women for their sexual fidelity, it turns out, are shared widely among these societies. 
If you're the kind of guy who has a beer fridge in the garage, you expect a party to happen at any moment, and you need to be ready. 
The human, some of you will be happy to hear, has the largest, thickest penis of any primate. 
These people actually believe -- and they have no contact among them, no common language or anything, so it's not an idea that spread, it's an idea that's arisen around the world -- So a woman who wants to have a child who's smart and funny and strong makes sure she has lots of sex with the smart guy, the funny guy and the strong guy, to get the essence of each of these men into the baby, 
So there are all sorts of examples like this that we go through in the book. 
And when we do come out of those closets, we'll recognize that our fight is not with each other, our fight is with an outdated, Victorian sense of human sexuality that conflates desire with property rights, generates shame and confusion in place of understanding and empathy. 
I think a lot of families are fractured by unrealistic expectations that are based upon this false vision of human sexuality. 
CA: Thank you. Communicated powerfully. Thanks a lot. 
And the image that comes to your mind when I say that word is probably not of Benjamin Franklin, but I'm going to explain to you why it should be. 
And mainstream culture has kind of fed this idea that hackers are people that we should be afraid of. 
But before I give you a few examples of what civic hacking looks like, I want to make clear that you don't have to be a programmer to be a civic hacker. 
So what does civic hacking look like? 
And I'm trying to this day to articulate the sense of empowerment and responsibility that I feel for the place that I live based simply on this small act of participation. 
And by stitching together my small act with the thousands of other small acts of participation that we're enabling through civic hacking, we think we can reenergize citizenship and restore trust in government. 
At this point, you may be wondering what city officials think of all this. 
Now a lot of people were really angry about this, especially geeks who knew that 9.3 million dollars for what was a very simple app. 
You can find out if there's a brigade where you live and if there's not a brigade where you live, we will help you. 
So please come hack with us. 
And because of this, they have a lot of difficulty with language. 
Let me explain this in a little more detail. 
So there is another hidden abstraction here which children with autism find a lot of difficulty coping with, and that's the fact that you can modify words and you can arrange them to have different meanings, to convey different ideas. 
Now what was interesting was the way in which the mom was trying to tease out the meaning of what the child wanted to say by talking to her in questions. 
And this, this has a lot of potential, a lot of promise, and the government of India recently licensed this technology from us, and they're going to try it out with millions of different children trying to teach them English. 
Now what's interesting is that we do a lot of work in information nowadays, and almost all of that is done in the language domain. 
We have the Free Speech representation on one side, and we have the FreeSpeech Engine, which generates English. 
And as laboratories, to describe galaxy clusters is to describe the experiments that you can do with them. 
And I think there are four major types, and the first type that I want to describe is probing the very big. 
They are essentially isolated systems, so if we like, we can think of them as a scaled-down version of the entire universe. 
Third thing: probing the very small. 
Now, to explain this, I need to tell you a very disturbing fact. 
And this is very important, because what it means is that very, very small effects that might be difficult to detect in the lab, might be compounded and compounded into something that we could possibly observe in nature. 
The reason why galaxy clusters can teach us about dark matter, the reason why galaxy clusters can teach us about the physics of the very small, is precisely because they are so very big. 
If I throw a ball into the air, I expect it to go up. 
What I don't expect is that it go up at an ever-increasing rate. 
And I can't think of a better way to do this than by studying the universe around us. Thanks. 
And I would like to explain to you not only why it's time to change this, but also how we can do it. 
A rating can range from a so-called AAA, which means it's a top-performing product, and it can go down to the level of the so-called BBB-, which means it's a fairly risky investment. 
The second point, would you really buy a car just based on the advice of the dealer? 
And this is why we at the Bertelsmann Foundation have invested a lot of time and effort thinking about an alternative for the sector. 
INCRA would also be based on a very, very clear governance structure that would avoid any conflict of interest, and it would include many stakeholders from society. 
INCRA would not only release its ratings but it would also release its indicators and methodology. 
So in a nutshell, INCRA would offer an alternative to the current system of the big three rating agencies by adding a new, nonprofit player to the mix that would increase the competition, it would increase the transparency of the sector, and it would also increase the quality. 
I can tell that sovereign ratings may still look to you like this very small piece of this very complex global financial world, but I tell you it's a very important one, and a very important one to fix, because sovereign ratings affect all of us, and they should be addressed and should be defined as public goods. 
And this is why we are testing our model right now, and why we are trying to find out if it can bring together a group of able and willing actors to bring INCRA to life. 
Smaller ones don't have the resources or the expertise, and so there's this market of Western companies who are happy to supply them with the tools and techniques for a price. 
Instead, apparently, the Egyptian government used a free demo version of Gamma's software. 
Of course, he's also acknowledged that once the software has been sold to governments, he has no way of knowing how it can be used. 
So as I said before, governments that don't really have the resources to build their own tools will buy off-the-shelf surveillance software, and so for that reason, you see that the government of, say, Tunisia, might use the same software as the government of Germany. 
What it allows you to do is see tiny little lifeforms that are invisible to the naked eye. 
They are heavy, bulky, really hard to maintain, and cost a lot of money. 
So my wife has been field testing some of our microscopes by washing my clothes whenever I forget them in the dryer. 
And essentially, in the end, all the parts line up because of origami, because of the fact that origami allows us micron-scale precision of optical alignment. 
We've started collecting data for malaria, Chagas disease and giardia from patients themselves. 
This is the Art-o-mat, an art vending machine that sells small artistic creations by different artists, usually on small wood blocks or matchboxes, in limited edition. 
And a lot of people, especially in the art community, don't necessarily engage in science in this way. 
So I said, all right, let's get out some supplies right now. 
It's kind of an odd thing to do with your Friday nights, but this is what I started doing, and I started collecting a whole group of my friends' DNA in small vials and categorizing them. 
You buy these boxes. You're not sure what's going to be inside of them. 
But really with this project and a lot of my art projects I want to ask the audience a question, and that is, when biotechnology and DNA sequencing becomes as cheap as, say, laser cutting or 3D printing or buying caviar from a vending machine, will you still submit your sample of DNA to be part of the vending machine? 
And will you buy someone else's sample? 
So my moment of truth did not come all at once. 
I am still completely committed to the cause of male-female equality, but let's think about what that equality really means, and how best to achieve it. 
I still think we should do everything we possibly can to achieve that goal. 
If you work for me, and you have a family issue, I expect you to attend to it, and I am confident, and my confidence has always been borne out, that the work will get done, and done better. 
He's much more likely to bring in new clients for his firm And caregiving itself develops patience -- a lot of patience -- and empathy, creativity, resilience, adaptability. 
And Sarah and Emily are the lucky ones, because they have a choice about how much they want to work. 
A woman can drop out of the work force and still be an attractive partner. 
That means that it's starting to seem like a character defect not to want to be a fully engaged father. 
You may think that can't happen, but I grew up in a society where my mother put out small vases of cigarettes for dinner parties, where blacks and whites used separate bathrooms, and where everybody claimed to be heterosexual. 
This is a small dolos, and Eric Merrifield is the most famous inventor you've never heard of. 
In 1963, a storm ripped up the harbor in a small South African town called East London, and while he was watching his kids playing with toys made from oxen bones called dolosse, he had the idea for this. 
It's a bit like a huge jumping jack, and they have used this in every harbor in the world as a breakwater. 
You can pay bills with it, you can buy your groceries, you can pay your kids' school fees, and I'm told you can even bribe customs officials. 
So we have found a way to use the available technology to send money via M-Pesa, which is a bit like a check system for the mobile age. 
If you think about the railroad system in North America and how that worked, first came the infrastructure, then came the industry around it, the brothels -- it's a bit like the Internet today, right? — and everything else that worked with it: bars, saloons, etc. 
Well, this is by a guy called Bright Simons from Ghana, and what you do is you take medication, something that some people might spend their entire month's salary on, and you scratch off the code, and you send that to an SMS number, and it tells you if that is legitimate or if it's expired. 
Well, of course it's happening at the edge, because in the middle, everybody's updating Facebook, or worse still, they're trying to understand Facebook's privacy settings. 
The biggest penis in the animal kingdom, however, is not that of the tapir. The biggest penis-to-body-size ratio in the animal kingdom actually belongs to the meager beach barnacle, and this video is actually showing you what the human penis would look like if it were the same size as that of a barnacle. 
But some animals had it going on quite a bit before that. 
Earwig males have either really large penile appendages or really small ones. 
I mean, imagine putting a penis into another penis. 
So thank you, and happy daydreaming. 
I'd like you to imagine this place. 
Whilst the psychopaths in our study were able to describe the pictures accurately, they failed to show the emotions required. 
Our population of inmates had a deficient amygdala, which likely led to their lack of empathy and to their immoral behavior. 
At first, this isn't perfect. 
For over 100 years, neuroanatomists and later neuroscientists held the view that after initial development in childhood, no new brain cells could grow in the adult human brain. 
It is now clear that the amygdala of mammals, including primates like us, can show neurogenesis. 
We're just beginning to understand what exact function these cells have, but what it implies is that the brain is capable of extraordinary change way into adulthood. 
We know that the brain is capable of extraordinary change, and the best way to achieve that, even in adults, is to change and modulate our environment. 
In order to answer complex questions like that, we need people of different backgrounds -- lab-based scientists and clinicians, social workers and policy makers, philanthropists and human rights activists — to work together. 
Well, it shows you that -- I also deal with issues where there's not certainty of whether it's a girl or a boy, so the mixed answer was very appropriate. 
But, at the time that puberty begins -- that means between about age 10 to 12 in girls, 12 to 14 in boys -- with breast budding, or two to three times' increase in the gonads in the case of genetic males, by that particular point, the child who says they are in the absolute wrong body is almost certain to be transgender and is extremely unlikely to change those feelings, 
And I saw someone age 24, genetically female, went through Harvard with three male roommates who knew the whole story, a registrar who always listed his name on course lists as a male name, and came to me after graduating, saying, "Help me. I know you know a lot of endocrinology." 
But I made a deal with him: "I'll treat you if you teach me." 
If you just think of the following, you'll get it right: Sexual orientation is who you go to bed with. 
Because basically, kids look about the same, each sex, until they go through puberty, at which point, if you feel you're in the wrong sex, you feel like Pinocchio becoming a donkey. 
This is really where the pediatric endocrine realm comes in, because, in fact, if you're going to deal with it in kids aged 10 to 14, that's pediatric endocrinology. 
Now you can imagine looking at Jonas at only 14, that male puberty is early in this family, because he looks more like a 16-year-old. 
This is what Nicole would look like if we weren't doing what we were doing. 
She has a bit of a form to her. 
This family went to the White House last spring, because of their work in overturning an anti-discrimination -- there was a bill that would block the right of transgender people in Maine to use public bathrooms, and it looked like the bill was going to pass, and that would have been a problem, but Nicole went personally to every legislator in Maine and said, "I can do this. 
It is as much a psychiatric disease as being gay and lesbian, and that went out the window in 1973, and the whole world changed. 
In particular, can it explain that I spoke about five years ago here at TED? 
Namely, we seem to be getting more humane. 
He would make many melancholy reflections upon the precariousness of human life, and when all these humane sentiments had been once fairly expressed, he would pursue his business or his pleasure with the same ease and tranquility as if no such accident had happened. 
For a punishment to achieve its objective, it is only necessary that the harm that it inflicts outweighs the benefit that derives from the crime, and into this calculation ought to be factored the certainty of punishment that the commission of the crime will produce. 
SP: I'm sure everyone here could think of an example. 
SP: The possession of nuclear weapons. 
But anonymous companies are making it difficult and sometimes impossible to find out the actual human beings responsible sometimes for really terrible crimes. 
And a lot of my school teachers didn't appreciate it much either. 
Now we've come up against anonymous companies in lots of our investigations, like in the Democratic Republic of Congo, where we exposed how secretive deals involving anonymous companies had deprived the citizens of one of the poorest countries on the planet of well over a billion dollars. 
Imagine being threatened with losing your home sometimes over a debt of just a few hundred dollars, and not being able to find out who you were really up against. 
And the other, even better, I'm afraid that's America. 
Each layer makes it more difficult for law enforcement and others to find out who the real owner is. 
Three thousand very happy revelers, many of them teenagers, were crammed into a space meant for 1,000. 
And as the victims' families and the city and the country reeled in shock, investigators tried to find out who was responsible. 
But this was an awful tragedy, and it shouldn't have been so difficult just to try and find out who was responsible for those deaths. 
So what might this look like? 
Well, imagine if you could go online and look up the real owner of a company. 
 And so you're very conscious in the cockpit; you're thinking about all of the things that you might have to do, all the switches and all the wickets you have to go through. 
But the real question is, how do you deal with the danger of it and the fear that comes from it? 
How do you deal with fear versus danger? 
And having the goal in mind, thinking about where it might lead, directed me to a life of looking at all of the small details to allow this to become possible, to be able to launch and go help build a space station where you are on board a million-pound creation that's going around the world at five miles a second, eight kilometers a second, around the world 16 times a day, 
A lot of people are afraid of spiders. 
I think you should be afraid of spiders -- spiders are creepy and they've got long, hairy legs, and spiders like this one, the brown recluse -- it's horrible. If a brown recluse bites you, you end with one of these horrible, big necrotic things on your leg and there might be one right now sitting on the chair behind you, in fact. 
And so a spider lands on you, and you go through this great, spasmy attack because spiders are scary. 
So if you actually do the research, you find out that in the world there are about 50,000 different types of spiders, and there are about two dozen that are venomous out of 50,000. 
So, if you're even slightly careful you can avoid running into the one spider -- and it lives close the ground, you're walking along, you are never going to go through a spider web where a black widow bites you. 
What is the real thing that you should be afraid of? 
where you could see the hardpan south of the Sahara, or you can see New York City in a way that is almost dreamlike, or the unconscious gingham of Eastern Europe fields or the Great Lakes as a collection of small puddles. 
I look forward to the conversation, so thanks for arranging for that. 
I think that, like a lot of the things that have come out since Mr. Snowden started disclosing classified information, there were some kernels of truth in there, but a lot of extrapolations and half-truths in there, and I'm interested in helping to address those. 
CA: So the question that a lot of people have here is, what do you make of Snowden's motivations for doing what he did, and did he have an alternative way that he could have gone? 
In the case of Mr. Snowden, he had the option of the NSA inspector general, the Navy inspector general, the Pacific Command inspector general, the Department of Defense inspector general, and the intelligence community inspector general, any of whom would have both kept his concerns in classified channels and been happy to address them. 
I think that the — sorry, I'm getting feedback through the microphone there — the actions that he took were inappropriate because of the fact that he put people's lives at risk, basically, in the long run, and I know there's been a lot of talk in public by Mr. Snowden and some of the journalists that say that the things that have been disclosed have not put national security and people at risk, 
So the things that he's disclosed, the capabilities, and the NSA is a capabilities-based organization, so when we have foreign intelligence targets, legitimate things of interest -- like, terrorists is the iconic example, but it includes things like human traffickers, drug traffickers, people who are trying to build advanced weaponry, nuclear weapons, and build delivery systems for those, and nation-states who might be executing aggression against their immediate neighbors, which you may have some visibility 
I mean, describe to us this Bullrun program where it's alleged that the NSA in order to get the type of access that you've spoken of. 
RL: So there are, when our legitimate foreign intelligence targets of the type that I described before, use the global telecommunications system as their communications methodology, and they do, because it's a great system, it's the most complex system ever devised by man, and it is a wonder, and lots of folks in the room there are responsible for the creation and enhancement of that, and it's just a wonderful thing. 
And so if I'm going to pursue them, I need to have the capability to go after them, and again, the controls are in how I apply that capability, not that I have the capability itself. 
The other one is the Information Assurance mission, which is to protect the national security systems of the United States, and by that, that's things like the communications that the president uses, the communications that control our nuclear weapons, the communications that our military uses around the world, and the communications that we use with our allies, and that some of our allies themselves use. 
And I think this is partly where there is such a divide of opinion, that there's a lot of people in this room and around the world who think very differently about the Internet. 
They think of it as a momentous invention of humanity, kind of on a par with the Gutenberg press, for example. 
CA: But isn't it also bad to deal a kind of body blow to the American companies that have essentially given the world most of the Internet services that matter? 
RL: It is. It's really the companies are in a tough position, as are we, because the companies, we compel them to provide information, just like every other nation in the world does. 
CA: Much has been made of the fact that a lot of the information that you've obtained through these programs is essentially metadata. 
So when a terrorist is corresponding with somebody else who's not known to us but is engaged in doing or supporting terrorist activity, or someone who's violating international sanctions by providing nuclear weapons-related material to a country like Iran or North Korea, is trying to hide that activity because it's illicit activity. 
I think that we have never been in a time where there are more places where things are going badly and forming the petri dish in which terrorists take advantage of the lack of governance. 
And so you have a lot of those arcs of instability in the world right now, in places like Syria, where there's a civil war going on and you have massive numbers, thousands and thousands of foreign fighters who are coming into Syria to learn how to be terrorists and practice that activity, and lots of those people are Westerners who hold passports to European countries or in some cases the United States, 
and so they are basically learning how to do jihad and have expressed intent to go out and do that later on in their home countries. 
You had a follow-on a week later to a Qatari company. 
I mean, first of all, a lot of people who look at risk and look at the numbers don't understand this belief that terrorism is still the number one threat. 
I guess you would say that a single nuclear incident or bioterrorism act or something like that would change those numbers. 
The other thing I would say is that your idea of nuclear or chem-bio-threat is not at all far-fetched and in fact there are a number of groups who have for several years expressed interest and desire in obtaining those capabilities and work towards that. 
But that actually indicates a lack of understanding of how terrorist investigations actually work. 
Think of it is as mosaic, and it's hard to say that any one piece of a mosaic was necessary to building the mosaic, but to build the complete picture, you need to have all the pieces of information. 
CA: Snowden said two days ago that terrorism has always been what is called in the intelligence world "a cover for action," that it's something that, because it invokes such a powerful emotional response in people, it allows the initiation of these programs to achieve powers that an organization like yours couldn't otherwise have. 
But you've been quoted as saying that, if Snowden could prove that he was surrendering all undisclosed documents, that a deal maybe should be considered. 
It's not something the NSA has done a lot of in the past, and plus the technology has been challenging. 
The common answers include things like seeking safety in numbers or hunting in packs or gathering to mate or breed, and all of these explanations, while often true, make a huge assumption about animal behavior, that the animals are in control of their own actions, that they are in charge of their bodies. 
It's small, and it typically lives alone, but it can gather in these large red swarms that span for meters, and these form because of a parasite. 
It castrates them, it changes their color from transparent to bright red, it makes them live longer, and as biologist Nicolas Rode has found, it makes them swim in groups. 
Now, I first learned about this way of life through David Attenborough's "Trials of Life" about 20 years ago, and then later through a wonderful book called "Parasite Rex" by my friend Carl Zimmer. 
 We have a lot to get through. I only have 13 minutes.  Now, some of you are probably just desperately clawing for some solace in the idea that these things are oddities of the natural world, that they are outliers, and that point of view is understandable, because by their nature, parasites are quite small and they spend a lot of their time inside the bodies of other things. 
One Japanese scientist called Takuya Sato found that in one stream, these things drive so many crickets and grasshoppers into the water that the drowned insects make up some 60 percent of the diet of local trout. 
She stabs it with a stinger that is a sense organ equipped with small sensory bumps that allow her to feel the distinctive texture of a roach's brain. 
We place such a premium on our free will and our independence that the prospect of losing those qualities informs many of our deepest societal fears. 
What is clear is that this thing is a single cell. 
Now typically, this doesn't lead to any overt illness. 
I learned about engineering and how things worked, not at school but by taking apart and studying these fabulously complex devices. 
As I became more accustomed to the dark, I was able to make out details of the floor and the surrounding walls. 
No big deal here, just the same statuary stuff that we'd seen all over Rome. 
It was modern, high-tech, impressive, a huge 142-foot clear span which, not coincidentally, was exactly its height. 
For the first time, I realized people were smart 2,000 years ago.  This had never crossed my mind. 
The problem is, no matter how talented, rich or smart you are, you only get one to one and a half miracles. 
Remember, most people can't even imagine one of these technical miracles, and you need at least five to make a Pantheon. 
Talk about one giant leap: It's hard to imagine a more profound moment in human history than when we first left our world to set foot on another. 
This was solved neatly by the GPS system, Global Positioning System, that the U.S. Government put in place. 
Machine vision, special sensors, and high-performance computing can do a lot of this, but it turns out a lot is not good enough when your family is on board. 
Besides, once the first drivers explain to their confused car that the giant chicken at the fork in the road is actually a restaurant, and it's okay to keep driving, every other car on the surface of the Earth will know that from that point on. 
Five miracles, mostly delivered, and now you just need a clear vision of a better world filled with autonomous vehicles with seductively beautiful and new functional designs plus a lot of money and hard work to bring it home. 
The beginning is now only a handful of years away, and I predict that autonomous vehicles will permanently change our world over the next several decades. 
We also need them to understand something that doesn't seem adequately appreciated in our increasingly tech-dependent world, that art and design are not luxuries, nor somehow incompatible with science and engineering. 
If you remember that first decade of the web, it was really a static place. 
As scientists, we use that to help the way people interact online, but there's less altruistic applications, and there's a problem in that users don't really understand these techniques and how they work, and even if they did, they don't have a lot of control over it. 
And by themselves, those purchases don't seem like they might reveal a lot, but it's a pattern of behavior that, when you take it in the context of thousands of other people, starts to actually reveal some insights. So that's the kind of thing that we do when we're predicting stuff about you on social media. 
We're looking for little patterns of behavior that, when you detect them among millions of people, lets us find out all kinds of things. 
And again, it doesn't come from what you might think of as obvious information. 
So if you're smart, you tend to be friends with smart people, and if you're young, you tend to be friends with young people, and this is well established for hundreds of years. 
So if I were to give you a hypothesis, it would be that a smart guy started this page, or maybe one of the first people who liked it would have scored high on that test. 
And they liked it, and their friends saw it, and by homophily, we know that he probably had smart friends, and so it spread to them, and some of them liked it, and they had smart friends, and so it spread to them, and so it propagated through the network to a host of smart people, so that by the end, the action of liking the curly fries page is indicative of high intelligence, 
It's a hard thing to sit down and explain to an average user, and even if you do, what can the average user do about it? 
There's a lot of power that users don't have to control how this data is used. 
So one of the paths we can go down is the policy and law path. 
So I think the other path that we can go down that's going to be more effective is one of more science. 
And so I think encouraging this kind of science and supporting researchers who want to cede some of that control back to users and away from the social media companies means that going forward, as these tools evolve and advance, means that we're going to have an educated and empowered user base, and I think all of us can agree that that's a pretty ideal way to go forward. 
After you take out that 99.999 percent, that tiny percentage of tweets remaining works out to roughly 150,000 per month. 
I'm going to show you some examples that I've run into during my time at Twitter -- these are all real examples — of situations that at first seemed cut and dried, but the truth of the matter was something altogether different. 
I will admit that I did not expect to encounter a fourth use case. 
I try to think of how something as benign and innocuous as a picture of a cat could lead to death, and what to do to prevent that. 
My job isn't to think of those. 
It's to think of what could go wrong. 
How could this picture lead to my death? 
When you take a picture with your smartphone or digital camera, there's a lot of additional information saved along in that image. 
Today, I will tell human stories of bionic integration; how electromechanics attached to the body, and implanted inside the body are beginning to bridge the gap between disability and ability, between human limitation and human potential. 
To achieve that mirroring, we first developed a mathematical model of my biological limb. 
We're beginning the age in which machines attached to our bodies will make us stronger and faster and more efficient. 
LM: Yes! I'm not even -- I can't even describe it. 
As a society, we can achieve these human rights, if we accept the proposition that humans are not disabled. 
 Ladies and gentlemen, please allow me to introduce Adrianne Haslet-Davis, her first performance since the attack. 
People marched to demand -- okay, not really exactly like that — but they rose up and they demanded that Intel fix the flaw. 
I couldn't begin to describe the sadness. 
It was a group called the New Hampshire Rebellion that was beginning to talk about, how would we make this issue of this corruption central in 2016? 
And what was astonishing to me, something I completely did not expect to find, was the passion and anger that there was among everyone that we talked to about this issue. 
That sense of hope, we're going to hold, and we're going to fight for, however impossible this battle looks. 
We're going to try a launching of what we can think of as a Super PAC to end all Super PACs. 
And then whatever that number is, we are going to kickstart, sort of, because you can't use KickStarter for political work, but anyway, kickstart, sort of, first a bottom-up campaign where people will make small dollar commitments contingent on reaching very ambitious goals, and when those goals have been reached, we will turn to the large dollar contributors, to get them to contribute to make it possible for us to run the kind of Super PAC necessary 
All: ♪ Don't give up. Rehearse. You're good. ♪ ♪ We'll edit out the mistakes that you make. ♪ ♪ Give your talk. ♪ DH: ♪ I will be big like Amy Cuddy. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ DH: ♪ I will inspire like Liz Gilbert. ♪ All: ♪ Give your talk. ♪ DH: ♪ I will engage like Hans Rosling ♪ ♪ and release mosquitos ♪ ♪ like Bill Gates. ♪ 
Now, the Big Bang was an era in the early universe when everything we see in the night sky was condensed into an incredibly small, incredibly hot, incredibly roiling mass, and from it sprung everything we see. 
And those small, little, inhomogeneities, 20 parts in a million, those were formed by quantum mechanical wiggles in that early universe that were stretched across the size of the entire cosmos. 
So here's what they found on Monday: Imagine you take a bell, and you whack the bell with a hammer. 
On the basis that a picture is worth a thousand words, what I did was, I asked Bill and Melinda to dig out from their archive some images that would help explain some of what they've done, and do a few things that way. 
MG: Which Bill always thought was going to come after he was 60, so he hasn't quite hit 60 yet, so some things change along the way. 
BG: Well, we decided that we'd pick two causes, whatever the biggest inequity was globally, and there we looked at children dying, children not having enough nutrition to ever develop, and countries that were really stuck, because with that level of death, and parents would have so many kids that they'd get huge population growth, and that the kids were so sick that they really couldn't be educated and lift themselves up. 
These causes have been a bit invisible. 
MG: Yeah, I've had a lot of women say to me, "I really don't think I could work with my husband. 
 CA: But now you are, and we're very happy that you are. 
I mean, Bill made this decision even obviously before it got announced in 2006, and it was really his decision, but again, it was a beach vacation where we were walking on the beach and he was starting to think of this idea. 
BG: No, I'm kidding. MG: Oh, you mean, the employees didn't go away. 
She's got a lot of insight. 
So there's a lot of collaboration. 
I can't think of anything where one of us had a super strong opinion about one thing or another? 
We do a lot of drug work or vaccine work that you know you're going to have different failures. 
Like, we put out, one that got a lot of publicity was asking for a better condom. 
We were very naïve, certainly I was, about a drug for a disease in India, visceral leishmaniasis, that I thought, once I got this drug, we can just go wipe out the disease. 
It took three more years to get it than we expected, and then there was no way it was going to get out there. 
Is anything, the story of what's gone right there is quite a long and complex one. 
MG: Well, I would say a huge lesson for us out of the early work is we thought that these small schools were the answer, and small schools definitely help. 
If you don't have an effective teacher in the front of the classroom, I don't care how big or small the building is, you're not going to change the trajectory of whether that student will be ready for college. 
MG: And her dad had told me how afraid he was that unlike the son, who had passed his secondary exams, because of her chores, she'd not done so well and wasn't in the government school yet. 
BG: Well, I'd say overall the kids get a great education, but you've got to make sure they have a sense of their own ability and what they're going to go and do, and our philosophy has been to be very clear with them -- most of the money's going to the foundation -- and help them find something they're excited about. 
We want to strike a balance where they have the freedom to do anything but not a lot of money showered on them so they could go out and do nothing. 
And so as they get older and we are teaching them -- they have been to so many countries around the world — they're saying, we do want people to know that we believe in what you're doing, Mom and Dad, and it is okay to show us more. 
It's allowed us to increase our ambition in what the foundation can do quite dramatically. 
CA: The world's got this terrible inequality, growing inequality problem that seems structural. It does seem to me that if more of your peers took the approach that you two have made, it would make a dent both in that problem and certainly in the perception of that problem. 
Right now there's a student who is coming up with a way to convince his mom or dad that he's very, very sick and can't make it to school tomorrow. 
On the other hand, right now there are amazing educators that are sharing information, information that is shared in such a beautiful way that the students are sitting at the edge of their seats just waiting for a bead of sweat to drop off the face of this person so they can soak up all that knowledge. 
So people will then say, "Well, Chris, you describe the guy who is going through some awful training but you're also describing these powerful educators. 
You go to a black church, their preacher starts off and he realizes that he has to engage the audience, so he starts off with this sort of wordplay in the beginning oftentimes, and then he takes a pause, and he says, "Oh my gosh, they're not quite paying attention." 
And when they try to describe what that is, they just say, "He has that magic." 
They think of buildings and streets and skyscrapers, noisy cabs. 
This little space became a small phenomenon, and because it had such a profound impact on New Yorkers, it made an enormous impression on me. 
The first opportunity I had to fight for a great public open space was in the early 1980s, when I was leading a team of planners at a gigantic landfill called Battery Park City And this sandy wasteland had lain barren for 10 years, and we were told, unless we found a developer in six months, it would go bankrupt. 
Instead of building a park as a complement to future development, why don't we reverse that equation and build a small but very high-quality public open space first, and see if that made a difference. 
If we couldn't spread out, we had to go up. 
And if we had to go up, we had to go up in places where you wouldn't need to own a car. 
So little by little, neighborhood by neighborhood, block by block, we began to set height limits so that all new development would be predictable and near transit. 
Does it seem green and friendly? 
We're giants, and we're unaware of things that are too small for us to see. 
On there is bacteria, and near that bacteria, 10 times smaller, a virus. 
Inside of that, 10 times smaller, three strands of DNA. 
I was born and raised in Sierra Leone, a small and very beautiful country in West Africa, a country rich both in physical resources and creative talent. 
As my family and I ran for safety when I was about 12 from one of those attacks, I resolved that I would do everything I could to ensure that my own children would not go through the same experiences we had. 
The reason, I would come to find out, was that their prosthetic sockets were painful because they did not fit well. 
My hope and desire is that the tools and processes we develop in our research group can be used to bring highly functional prostheses to those who need them. For me, a place to begin healing the souls of those affected by war and disease is by creating comfortable and affordable interfaces for their bodies. 
 MK: That to say, when you look at the picture behind us, to come back from that kind of injury and come back strong and stronger than ever is a really tough thing to do. 
I don't know anybody that's as tough as my wonderful wife right here. 
MK: Well, it was tough in the beginning. GG: What? What? Chicken. Chicken. Chicken. 
 And we were actually worried it could have been a lot worse than that. 
PM: That seems to be the number one characteristic of Gabby Giffords, wouldn't you say?  MK: Gabby's always been really optimistic. 
PM: Would you describe it as a whirlwind romance? 
GG: Death row. 
MK: Yes. Our first date was to death row at the Florence state prison in Arizona, which was just outside Gabby's state senate district. 
So she couldn't get anybody else to go with her, and I'm like, "Of course I want to go to death row." 
You were willing to go to death row, after all. 
We've gone through some tough times and it's only made it stronger. GG: Stronger. 
PM: I'm not sure people would describe it entirely that way. 
 MK: Yeah, you know, legislation is often at a colossally slow pace, but my wife, and I have to admit, a lot of other members of Congress that I know, work incredibly hard. 
Now if any of you guys would ever come to our house in Tucson for the first time, Gabby would usually go up to the freezer and pull out the piece of Tupperware that has the real skull.  GG: The real skull. MK: Which freaks people out, sometimes. 
PM: But there was a lot of conversation about something you did, Gabby, after Mark's flight. 
MK: I imagine being grateful, too, right? 
And you describe it, Gabby, over and over, as deeper on so many levels. Yes? 
PM: And of course, the two of you go through these challenges of a slow and difficult recovery, and yet, Gabby, how do you maintain your optimism and positive outlook? 
Gabby visited him when he was at Bethesda and went through a really tough period. 
Because this is the TED stage, Gabby, I know you worked very hard to think of the ideas that you wanted to leave with this audience. 
Through history, people have gone back into their own pasts, sometimes to a precious time in their life, to their childhood, and often, the mind gravitates in the past to a moment of shame, some sin committed, some act of selfishness, an act of omission, of shallowness, the sin of anger, the sin of self-pity, trying to be a people-pleaser, a lack of courage. 
You go into yourself, you find the sin which you've committed over and again through your life, your signature sin out of which the others emerge, and you fight that sin and you wrestle with that sin, and out of that wrestling, that suffering, then a depth of character is constructed. 
There are guides to raising an eco-friendly kid, a gluten-free kid, a disease-proof kid, which, if you ask me, is a little bit creepy. 
Short of teaching your toddler how to defuse a nuclear bomb, there is pretty much a guide to everything. 
Crisis might seem like a strong word, but there is data suggesting it probably isn't. 
There was, in fact, a paper of just this very name, "Parenthood as Crisis," published in 1957, and in the 50-plus years since, there has been plenty of scholarship documenting a pretty clear pattern of parental anguish. 
The old arrangement might not have been particularly ethical, but it was reciprocal. 
Massive piles of homework are a kid's new work, but that's also work for us, because we have to check it. 
We try and teach them to be financially savvy and science-minded and eco-friendly and gluten-free, though now is probably a good time to tell you that I was not eco-friendly and gluten-free as a child. 
 Without scripts telling us who does what in this brave new world, couples fight, and both mothers and fathers each have their legitimate gripes. 
Either way, by the way, if you think it's hard for traditional families to sort out these new roles, just imagine what it's like now for non-traditional families: families with two dads, families with two moms, single-parent households. 
I wish I could say I was kidding about this, but if you go out and you buy the first few episodes of "Sesame Street" on DVD, as I did out of nostalgia, you will find a warning at the beginning saying that the content is not suitable for children. 
But even in my opiate haze, I managed to have one very clear thought the first time I held him. 
I said, "I will try so hard not to hurt you." 
I think in another era we did not expect quite so much from ourselves, and it is important that we all remember that the next time we are staring with our hearts racing at those bookshelves. 
I'm not really sure how to create new norms for this world, but I do think that in our desperate quest to create happy kids, we may be assuming the wrong moral burden. 
It strikes me as a better goal, and, dare I say, a more virtuous one, to focus on making productive kids and moral kids, and to simply hope that happiness will come to them by virtue of the good that they do and their accomplishments and the love that they feel from us. 
Well to see, let's imagine we take the Hubble Space Telescope and we turn it around and we move it out to the orbit of Mars. 
We'll see something like that, a slightly blurry picture of the Earth, because we're a fairly small telescope out at the orbit of Mars. 
It's gotten smaller, it's got less detail, less resolve. 
It's scattering inside the telescope, creating that very bright image that washes out the planet. 
I have a lot of colleagues working on really amazing technologies to do that, but I want to tell you about one today that I think is the coolest, and probably the most likely to get us an Earth in the next decade. 
We build a big screen, we fly it in space, we put it up in front of the star, we block out most of the light, we fly a space telescope in that shadow that's created, and boom, we get to see planets. 
If we can feather the edges, soften those edges so we can control diffraction, well then we can see a planet, and in the last 10 years or so we've come up with optimal solutions for doing that. 
That's all. Zuzana wanted hers to look like that. 
I wanted mine to look like that. End of story. 
I think of myself as an industrial designer. 
But there is a bit more to it than that. 
What gives the work of some designers sort of characteristic personal style, as you might find in the work of a fashion designer, an automobile designer, whatever? 
These letters look as though they've been chewed by the dog or something or other, but the missing pixels at the intersections of strokes or in the crotches are the result of my studying the effects of ink spread on cheap paper and reacting, revising the font accordingly. 
They wanted a small core set of fonts that were not adapted but designed for the screen to face up to the problems of screen, which were their coarse resolution displays. 
In a binary bitmap, you actually can't ask for more than that. 
Microsoft were absolutely right, it took a good 10 years, but screen displays now do have improved spatial resolution, and very much improved photometric resolution thanks to anti-aliasing and so on. 
The ten ring from the standard 75-yard distance, it looks as small as a matchstick tip held out at arm's length. 
Thomas Gilovich and his team from Cornell studied this difference and found that the frustration silver medalists feel compared to bronze, who are typically a bit more happy to have just not received fourth place and not medaled at all, gives silver medalists a focus We see it even in the gambling industry that once picked up on this phenomenon of the near win and created these scratch-off tickets that had a higher than average rate of near wins 
and so compelled people to buy more tickets that they were called heart-stoppers, and were set on a gambling industry set of abuses in Britain in the 1970s. 
If I ask you to envision what a great day looks like next week, you might describe it in more general terms. 
But if I ask you to describe a great day at TED tomorrow, you might describe it with granular, practical clarity. 
It's what I have to imagine Elizabeth Murray was thinking when I saw her smiling at those early paintings one day in the galleries. 
Now Harry Butler, who most Australians would know is a famous naturalist, had spent a lot of time in the marine environment. 
We know that sharks use a range of sensors when they engage, particularly for attack, but the sight sensor is the one that they use to identify the target, and particularly in the last number of meters before the attack. 
The next thing we did was to understand, using complex computer modeling, at different depths, distances, light conditions, and water clarity in the ocean. 
And from there, we were able to pinpoint two key characteristics: what patterns and shapes would present the wearer as hidden or hard to make out in the water, cryptic, and what patterns and shapes might provide the greatest contrast but provide the greatest breakup of profile so that that person wasn't confused for shark prey or shark food. 
We knew, if you wanted to stand out, you needed to look stripy, and we knew if you wanted to be cryptic, you needed to look like this. 
As for the humble wetsuit, who knows what oceanwear will look like in two years' time, in five years' time or in 50 years' time, but with this new thinking, I'm guessing there's a fair chance it won't be pure black. 
So me and my friends, we started Planet Labs to make satellites ultra-compact and small and highly capable. 
It's 10 by 10 by 30 centimeters, it weighs four kilograms, and we've stuffed the latest and greatest electronics and sensor systems into this little package so that even though this is really small, this can take pictures 10 times the resolution of the big satellite here, even though it weighs one thousandth of the mass. 
We use "release early, release often" on our software. 
It gives you a bit of a sense of scale of our two satellites. 
It's like some of the smallest satellites ever are being launched from the biggest satellite ever. 
But what's even cooler is when we compare it to the previous latest image of that area, which was taken many months ago. 
But it also left me in a really tricky position moving forward as an author trying to figure out how in the world I was ever going to write a book again that would ever please anybody, because I knew well in advance that all of those people who had adored "Eat, Pray, Love" were going to be incredibly disappointed in whatever I wrote next because it wasn't going to be "Eat, Pray, Love," 
And I did, in the end, find that inspiration, but I found it in the most unlikely and unexpected place. 
So think of it like this: For most of your life, you live out your existence here in the middle of the chain of human experience where everything is normal and reassuring and regular, but failure catapults you abruptly way out over here into the blinding darkness of disappointment. 
And if you should someday, somehow get vaulted out of your home by either great failure or great success, then your job is to fight your way back to that home the only way that it has ever been done, by putting your head down and performing with diligence and devotion and respect and reverence whatever the task is that love is calling forth from you next. 
And the museum noticed that people were spending a lot of time with this exhibit, and a researcher from a science education center in Australia decided to study this exhibit and try to figure out what was going on. 
And when you think about it, this makes a lot of sense, that using specialized physical objects would help people use an interface more easily. 
I wanted to create something where we could move objects under computer control and create interactions around that idea without having to go through this process of building something from scratch every single time. 
Although each one was pretty small, altogether they weighed so much that the table that they were on started to sag. 
So I wanted to build something where you could have this kind of interaction So to explore this idea, I built an army of small robots, and each of these robots has what are called omni wheels. 
So we're just beginning to explore what's possible when we use software to control the movement of objects in our environment. 
 The Institute of Medicine, The Centers for Disease Control, have repeatedly investigated this and there is no credible evidence that vaccines cause autism. 
During that period, while the fetal brain is developing, we know that exposure to certain agents can actually increase the risk of autism. 
In particular, there's a medication, valproic acid, which mothers with epilepsy sometimes take, we know can increase that risk of autism. 
And one of the things I'm going to spend a lot of time focusing on are the genes that can cause autism. 
I'm focusing on this not because genes are the only cause of autism, but it's a cause of autism that we can readily define and be able to better understand the biology and understand better how the brain works so that we can come up with strategies to be able to intervene. 
It is not that genes account for all of the risk for autism, but yet they account for a lot of that risk, because when you look at fraternal twins, that concordance rate is only 31 percent. 
When we compare it to other conditions that we're familiar with, things like cancer, heart disease, diabetes, in fact, genetics plays a much larger role in autism than it does in any of these other conditions. 
And so folks like Ami Klin have developed methods to be able to take infants, small babies, and be able to use biomarkers, in this case eye contact and eye tracking, to identify an infant at risk. 
Beyond that, there are a lot of individuals in this room who have great ideas in terms of new technologies we can use, everything from devices we can use to train the brain to be able to make it more efficient and to compensate for areas in which it has a little bit of trouble, to even things like Google Glass. 
because it's going to take really a lot of us to think about what's important, what's going to be a meaningful difference. 
That first beep was Usain Bolt. 
 When you think of it like that, it's not that big a difference, is it? 
So I consulted biomechanics experts to find out how much slower it is to run on cinders than synthetic tracks, and their consensus that it's one and a half percent slower. 
Then that idea started to go away, and at the same time, digital technology -- first radio, then television and the Internet -- gave millions, or in some cases billions, of people a ticket to consume elite sports performance. 
This is Leonardo da Vinci's "Vitruvian Man," the ideal proportions, with arm span equal to height. 
Conversely, in sports where diminutive stature is an advantage, the small athletes got smaller. 
And while the large got larger and the small got smaller, the weird got weirder. 
And as the large got larger, small got smaller, and the weird weirder. 
In swimming, the ideal body type is a long torso and short legs. 
We think of Kenyans as being great marathoners. 
Kenyans think of the Kalenjin tribe as being great marathoners. 
The Kalenjin make up just 12 percent of the Kenyan population but the vast majority of elite runners. 
It's the same reason that a radiator has long coils, to increase surface area compared to volume to let heat out, and because the leg is like a pendulum, the longer and thinner it is at the extremity, the more energy-efficient it is to swing. 
the electrical impulse is causing all their muscle fibers to twitch at once, and they're throwing themselves across the room. 
Our brain acts as a limiter, preventing us from accessing all of our physical resources, because we might hurt ourselves, tearing tendons or ligaments. 
Ultra-endurance was once thought to be harmful to human health, but now we realize that we have all these traits that are perfect for ultra-endurance: no body fur and a glut of sweat glands that keep us cool while running; narrow waists and long legs compared to our frames; large surface area of joints for shock absorption. 
So here, for example, we use our sight sim application, once your vision has been measured, to show carers and teachers what the visual world is like for that person, so they can empathize with them and help them. 
Each red pin depicts somebody who is blind from a disease that is curable and treatable, and they're locatable. 
We can use bulk text messaging services to explain that we're coming to arrange a treatment. 
It makes it possible to pick up diseases of the eye and of the body that would not be possible without access to the eye, and that clip-on device can be manufactured for just a few dollars, and people can be cured of blindness, and I think it says a lot about us as a human race if we've developed cures and we don't deliver them. 
We live in a very complex environment: complexity and dynamism and patterns of evidence from satellite photographs, from videos. 
The patterns that you see are there at all of the different scales, but you can't chop it into one little bit and say, "Oh, well let me just make a smaller climate." 
I can't use the normal products of reductionism to get a smaller and smaller thing that I can study in a laboratory and say, "Oh, now that's something I now understand." 
The different scales that give you these kinds of patterns range over an enormous range of magnitude, roughly 14 orders of magnitude, from the small microscopic particles to the size of the planet itself, from 10 to the minus six to 10 to the eight, 14 orders of spatial magnitude. 
That's years, that's millennia, and we need to go to even smaller scales. 
Climate models in the 1990s took an even smaller chunk of that, only about three orders of magnitude. 
So what does a climate model look like? 
We can code each of those very small pieces as well. 
And each of these different elements we can encapsulate and put into a system. 
You get a beautiful representation of what's going on in the climate system, where each and every one of those emergent patterns that you can see, the swirls in the Southern Ocean, the tropical cyclone in the Gulf of Mexico, and there's two more that are going to pop up in the Pacific at any point now, those rivers of atmospheric water, all of those are emergent properties that come from the interactions of all of those small-scale processes I mentioned. 
The eruption of Mount Pinatubo in 1991 put an enormous amount of aerosols, small particles, into the stratosphere. 
I could go through a dozen more examples: the skill associated with solar cycles, changing the ozone in the stratosphere; the skill associated with orbital changes over 6,000 years. 
Each of these different targets, each of these different evaluations, leads us to add more scope to these models, and leads us to more and more complex situations that we can ask more and more interesting questions, like, how does dust from the Sahara, that you can see in the orange, interact with tropical cyclones in the Atlantic? 
We can see the combination of all of these different things happening all at once, and we can ask much more interesting questions. 
And if you ask the models why did that happen, and you say, okay, well, yes, basically it's because of the carbon dioxide we put into the atmosphere. 
There's a great phrase that Sherwood Rowland, who won the Nobel Prize for the chemistry that led to ozone depletion, when he was accepting his Nobel Prize, he asked this question: "What is the use of having developed a science well enough to make predictions if, in the end, all we're willing to do is stand around and wait for them to come true?" 
So before the present is the new future, a bit about the past is that I grew up in a family that was multi-everything -- multi-racial, multi-cultural, black and white, Caribbean, Irish-American, German-American. 
And for example, I don't really talk like that, but that was one of my people, and I'm going to bring a few of my friends -- I think of them as my friends — to this stage, in this spirit of the idea that the present is the new future, in sort of a meta way, because I thought about it, and the future, for me, what can be so frightening 
That was, like, amazing, and I'm standing there, and I was just like, please don't say, "Oh my God." 
And, you know, I kept thinking to myself, like, President Obama has to come up here at the same podium, and I'm standing here saying, "Oh my God." 
But when Sarah Jones told me we was gonna come up here, I was like, betch, you know what I'm saying, TED is real fly, I got a whole lot of dope, you know what I'm saying, shit going on and everything, but she was like, yeah, we're going to have to answer, like, some random questions, just like, and I was like, what the hell is that? 
 Well I have to say that I don't know about how many of my organs have been 3-D printed as such, but I can tell you that it is so challenging to me, kind of thinking about this concept of the future and that, you know, all around the world parents are kind of telling their small children, please, you have to eat that, you know, I have slaved over a hot 3D printer all day 
But everybody, please do enjoy that, and again, I think that you do throw a cracking good party here at TED. 
First of all, I really, like, I just want to say, and my name is Bella, I just want to, like, identify myself, that, like, as a feminist, I, like, I really find that, like, because I was born in the '90s, and, like, there were a lot of women who were as far as feminism was concerned, like, maybe they didn't understand that, like, a feminist like me, like, I don't think it's required that you have to have 
I think there's a lot of great people here at TED who are working to address that, so with that, if anything I've said today makes you feel uncomfortable, you're welcome. 
I'm just gonna let y'all know that, as far as diet is concerned, if you don't love yourself inside, there is no diet on this Earth that is going to make your behind small enough for you to feel good, so just stop wasting your time. 
But I made Sarah Jones promise she gonna bring me this time, 'cause she didn't bring me before, but you know, I just want to say, there's a lot of things more important than counting calories, and as somebody living on the streets in New York, and getting to come here, hear y'all ideas worth spreading, I want to tell y'all I believe in this idea that the present is the new future, 
We look like shiny new pennies. 
And I have to tell you, I actually for a moment was a bit afraid. 
One example from corporate America: Even though white men make up just 30 percent of the U.S. population, they hold 70 percent of all corporate board seats. 
Now I have this thought experiment that I play with myself, when I say, imagine if I walked you into a room and it was of a major corporation, like ExxonMobil, and every single person around the boardroom were black, you would think that were weird. 
You see, researchers have coined this term "color blindness" to describe a learned behavior where we pretend that we don't notice race. 
There was a corporate study that said that, instead of avoiding race, the really smart corporations actually deal with it head on. 
By the end, I got it, but when I got out of the pool, I was exasperated and tired and annoyed, and I said, "Why are we doing breath-holding exercises?" 
If we can learn to deal with our discomfort, and just relax into it, we'll have a better life. 
We have to be willing, as teachers and parents and entrepreneurs and scientists, proactive conversations about race with honesty and understanding and courage, not because it's the right thing to do, but because it's the smart thing to do, because our businesses and our products and our science, our research, all of that will be better with greater diversity. 
Now he says the senior people in the beginning bristled, and they would come to him and say, "Do you want me to hire the minority, or do you want me to hire the best person for the job?" 
The example that he gives is the smallpox epidemic. 
And the beginnings of the cure to the disease came from the most unlikely source, a dairy farmer who noticed that the milkmaids were not getting smallpox. 
And the smallpox vaccination is bovine-based because of that dairy farmer. 
Invite people into your life who don't look like you, don't think like you, don't act like you, don't come from where you come from, and you might find that they will challenge your assumptions and make you grow as a person. 
And it's because of those words that I stand here right now full of passion, asking you to be brave for the kids who are dreaming those dreams today. 
And I want them to know that anything is possible, that they can achieve the highest level that they ever imagined, that they will be welcome in any corporate boardroom, or they can lead any company. 
You see this idea of being the land of the free and the home of the brave, it's woven into the fabric of America. 
It was science fiction made true, robotic engineering in a pre-electronic age, machines far in advance of anything that Victorian technology could create, a machine we would later know as the robot. 
We build them so they look like us, behave like us, and think like us. 
We give them a friendly face and a reassuring voice. 
It shocked the world, it shook up the American government, and it made people ask a lot of questions, because the sheer amount of information that was let out, and the potential impacts, were significant. 
In the summer of 2003, I was assigned to command a special operations task force, and that task force was spread across the Mideast to fight al Qaeda. 
We honed our combat skills, we developed new equipment, we parachuted, we helicoptered, we took small boats, we drove, and we walked to objectives night after night to stop the killing that this network was putting forward. 
I used to deal with intelligence agencies, and I'd complain that they weren't sharing enough intelligence, and with a straight face, they'd look at me and they'd say, "What aren't you getting?"  I said, "If I knew that, we wouldn't have a problem." 
 So we did, and a lot of people got upset about that, but as we passed that information around, suddenly you find that information is only of value if you give it to people who have the ability to do something with it. 
It was the idea that we were now part of a team in which information became the essential link between us, not a block between us. 
The ball would smash right into and through them, and the collisions with these air molecules would knock away the nitrogen, carbon and hydrogen from the ball, fragmenting it off into tiny particles, and also triggering waves of thermonuclear fusion in the air around it. 
So if you were watching this whole thing from a hill, ideally, far away, what you'd see is a bright flash of light that would fade over a few seconds, followed by a blast wave spreading out, shredding trees and houses as it moves away from the stadium, and then eventually a mushroom cloud rising up over the ruined city.  So the Major League Baseball rules are a little bit hazy, 
So this is the kind of question I answer, and I get people writing in with a lot of other strange questions. 
So they go through a huge number of them. 
You know how much they spent, and they also, say, because they had to contract with the local government to get the power provided, you might know what they made a deal to buy, so you know how much power it takes. 
And you can do this same thing with a lot of different quantities, you know, with guesses about the total amount of storage, the number of servers, the number of drives per server, and in each case using what you know to come up with a model that narrows down your guesses for the things that you don't know. 
And this is a lot of fun. 
It's quite a bit more than any other organization in the world has, as far as we know. 
But using some of these same methods, we can look at the NSA's data centers, and figure out, you know, we don't know what's going on there, but it's pretty clear that their operation is not the size of Google's. 
So this is impractical, but I think that's about the best answer I could come up with. 
And I didn't expect to get an answer from Google, because of course they've been so secretive, they didn't answer of my questions, and so I just put it up and said, well, I guess we'll never know. 
But then a little while later I got a message, a couple weeks later, from Google, saying, hey, someone here has an envelope for you. 
I do a lot of math, but I don't really like math for its own sake. 
What I love is that it lets you take some things that you know, and just by moving symbols around on a piece of paper, find out something that you didn't know that's very surprising. 
And I have a lot of stupid questions, and I love that math gives the power to answer them sometimes. 
 MR: Obviously, I've been watching a lot of TED Talks. 
When I was first asked to speak at TED, I wasn't quite sure what my angle was, at first, so yeah, I immediately started watching tons of TED Talks, which is pretty much absolutely the worst thing that you can do because you start to go into panic mode, thinking, I haven't mounted a successful expedition to the North Pole yet. 
They seem like a nice person. 
He lives all the way in L.A. and I imagine is quite busy, but through the tools available to me -- technology and the innate way that I approach making music -- I can sort of bully our existences into a shared event, which is sort of what you saw. 
A lot of fuss was made about the sonic of the album that myself and Salaam Remi, the other producer, achieved, how we captured this long-lost sound, but without the very, very 21st-century personality and firebrand that was Amy Winehouse and her lyrics about rehab and Roger Moore and even a mention of Slick Rick, the whole thing would have run the risk of being very pastiche, to be honest. 
So here you see a lot of ants moving around and interacting in a lab arena that's connected by tubes to two other arenas. 
So one important environmental challenge that every system has to deal with is operating costs, just what it takes to run the system. 
And what we're looking for is whether there might be small differences among colonies in how many interactions each ant needs before it's willing to go out and forage, because a colony like that would forage less. 
We talk about the brain, but of course every brain is slightly different, and maybe there are some individuals or some conditions in which the electrical properties of neurons are such that they require more stimulus to fire, and that would lead to differences in brain function. 
And so our next step is to look for the genetic variation underlying this resemblance. 
To my knowledge, this is the first time that we've been able to track the ongoing evolution of collective behavior in a natural population of animals and find out what's actually working best. 
It's interesting that the ants are using an algorithm that's so similar to the one that we recently invented, but this is only one of a handful of ant algorithms that we know about, and ants have had 130 million years to evolve a lot of good ones, and I think it's very likely that some of the other 12,000 species are going to have interesting algorithms for data networks that we haven't even thought of yet. 
But the ants are so abundant and diverse in the tropics that there's a lot of competition. 
But as soon as the threat is passed, the entrance is open again, and maybe there are situations in computer security where operating costs are low enough that we could just block access temporarily in response to an immediate threat, and then open it again, instead of trying to build a permanent firewall or fortress. 
So another environmental challenge that all systems have to deal with is resources, finding and collecting them. 
They're good at dealing with the main problem of collective search, which is the trade-off between searching very thoroughly and covering a lot of ground. 
And what they do is, when there are many ants in a small space, then each one can search very thoroughly because there will be another ant nearby searching over there, but when there are a few ants in a large space, then they need to stretch out their paths to cover more ground. 
Different ant species must use different algorithms, because they've evolved to deal with different resources, and it could be really useful to know about this, and so we recently asked ants to solve the collective search problem in the extreme environment of microgravity in the International Space Station. 
It can be done with cheap materials. 
So today's top chef class is in how to rob a bank, and it's clear that the general public needs guidance, because the average bank robbery nets only 7,500 dollars. 
First ingredient in the recipe: grow like crazy; second, by making or buying really crappy loans, but loans that are made at a very high interest rate or yield; three, while employing extreme leverage -- that just means a lot of debt -- compared to your equity; and four, while providing only trivial loss reserves against the inevitable losses. 
This is insane, it has to lead to massive losses, and it only makes sense for entities engaged in these accounting control frauds. 
And we said, yeah, you're absolutely right, and we drove those liar's loans out of the industry in 1990 and 1991, but we could only deal with the industry we had jurisdiction over, which was savings and loans, and so the biggest and the baddest of the frauds, Long Beach Savings, voluntarily gave up its federal savings and loan charter, gave up federal deposit insurance, converted to become a mortgage bank 
So let's take a look at the reaction of the industry and the regulators and the prosecutors to these clear early warnings that could have prevented the crisis. 
Well, the government, as I told you, when we were the savings and loan regulators, we could only deal with our industry, and if people gave up their federal deposit insurance, we couldn't do anything to them. 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation is smart enough to refuse to answer the question. 
And the Mortgage Bankers Association set out, it had the audacity and the success to con the FBI. 
And it's those oh-so-clever hairdressers who were able to defraud the poor, pitiful banks, who lack any financial sophistication. 
And the third thing that we need to do is deal with what we call the three D's: deregulation, desupervision, and the de facto decriminalization. 
Whether it was the weather, lack of resources, maybe a saber-toothed tiger, all of these things working to reduce our lifespan. 
We want to give our child opportunities, education, discipline them when necessary, all so that they can grow up and achieve more than we could for ourselves. 
They want to provide their people opportunity, education, discipline when necessary, build their self-confidence, give them the opportunity to try and fail, all so that they could achieve more than we could ever imagine for ourselves. 
I heard a story of some Marines who were out in theater, and as is the Marine custom, the officer ate last, and he let his men eat first, and when they were done, there was no food left for him. 
They will give us their blood and sweat and tears to see that their leader's vision comes to life, and when we ask them, "Why would you do that? 
Why would you give your blood and sweat and tears for that person?" they all say the same thing: "Because they would have done it for me." 
How is it someone can go through the worst experience imaginable, and come home, back to their home, and their family, their country, and miss the war? 
I was in a small valley called the Korengal Valley in eastern Afghanistan. 
I spent most of my time at a small outpost called Restrepo. 
They never took them off, and at the end of the month, they went back down to the company headquarters, and by then, their clothes were unwearable. 
I remember one day, it was a very hot day in the spring, and we hadn't been in a fight in a couple of weeks, maybe. 
Stripped to the waist, walked past me muttering, "Oh God, please someone attack us today." 
That's war too, is a lieutenant saying, "Please make something happen because we're going crazy." 
You can imagine how that plays out in combat. 
At Restrepo, every guy up there was almost killed, including me, including my good friend Tim Hetherington, who was later killed in Libya. 
It was in the middle of a huge firefight. No one could deal with it, and a minute later, Kyle Steiner sat back up from the dead, as it were, because he'd come back to consciousness. 
So you think about Brendan, you think about all these soldiers having an experience like that, a bond like that, in a small group, where they loved 20 other people in some ways more than they loved themselves, you think about how good that would feel, imagine it, and they are blessed with that experience for a year, and then they come home, and they are just back in society like the rest of us are, 
I always assumed it would just go away on its own eventually, and I never talked about it with anybody, but it did not, and I totally did. 
I found a couple in the work of Matt Groening, although Matt Groening told me later that he could not make my talk because it was a morning session and I gather that he is not an early riser. 
I am contagious, which was confirmed less than a week later when a Hallmark employee scanned and sent an actual greeting card with that same quotation. 
Roy: No, it's not an accident. You wanted to get out of the house anyway, right? 
TED.com launched, later that year, with a bunch of videos from past talks, including mine, and I started receiving "four in the morning" citations from what seemed like every time zone on the planet. 
This is a college student's suggestion for what a "four in the morning" gang sign should look like. 
A lot of good quality work, too: "The Sandman," "Watchmen." 
Just imagine that your friends and your family have heard that you collect, say, stuffed polar bears, and they send them to you. 
Rives: Of course he was.   Yeah. Not only does it seem to make sense, it also answers the question, "What do Ron Jeremy and Simone de Beauvoir have in common?" 
But her mix tape did not get away. 
I've been lucky enough to answer some of these questions as I've explored this nocturnal world. 
But how could these bright lights have benefited some proto-firefly? 
It took many millions of years before these bright lights evolved into a smart communication tool that could be used not just to ward off potential predators but to bring in potential mates. 
We decided to conduct some firefly opinion polls to find out. 
The first thing we discovered is that once a male and female hook up like this, they stay together all night long, and when we looked inside to see what might be happening, we discovered a surprising new twist to firefly sex. 
You might not notice when the first few flames flicker out, but in the end, you're left sitting in darkness. 
As we work together to craft a planetary future, I hope we can find a way to keep these bright lights shining. 
Now, if you put that word into the web, as you may have done, you'll come up with millions of hits, and almost all of those sites are trying to sell you something to make you irresistible for 10 dollars or more. 
It gets better and better, and when you combine that with white lab coats, you must imagine that there is fantastic science behind this. 
So what I want to do in the rest of this talk is tell you about what pheromones really are, tell you why I think we would expect humans to have pheromones, tell you about some of the confusions in pheromones, and then finally, I want to end with a promising avenue which shows us the way we ought to be going. 
And almost every mammal you can think of has had a pheromone identified, and of course, an enormous number of insects. 
The smell of a room of teenagers from the smell of a room of small children. 
It's really hard, but in essence, nerves from the brain go up into the nose and on these nerves exposed in the nose to the outside air are receptors, and odor molecules coming in on a sniff interact with these receptors, and if they bond, they send the nerve a signal which goes back into the brain. 
But it's a bit more complicated, because each of those 400 comes in various variants, and depending which variant you have, you might smell coriander, or cilantro, that herb, either as something delicious and savory or something like soap. 
They simply don't secrete those odorless precursors that the bacteria love to use to produce the smells that in an ethnocentric way we always thought of as characteristic of armpits. 
It's because women vary in the number of areolar glands that they have, and there is a correlation between the ease with which babies start to suckle and the number of areolar glands she has. 
You have to get that first drink of milk, and if you don't get it, you won't survive. 
Since many babies actually find it difficult to take that first meal, because they're not getting the right stimulus, if we could identify what that molecule was, and the French team are being very cautious, but if we could identify the molecule, synthesize it, it would then mean premature babies would be more likely to suckle, and every baby would have a better chance of survival. 
We're expecting that problem to get worse as world population grows to nine billion or 10 billion by midcentury, and we can expect to have greater pressure on our food resources. 
As far back as we can go, we've seen an increase in the amount of food we've been able to harvest from our oceans. It just seemed like it was continuing to increase, until about 1980, when we started to see a decline. 
This red line is continuing to go down. 
We know because we've seen it happening in a lot of different places. 
When these countries step in and they put in sustainable fisheries management policies, the fisheries, which are always crashing, it seems, are starting to come back. 
So there's a lot of promise here. 
This means that if we take that fishery catch that's on the decline and we could turn it upwards, we could increase it up to 100 million metric tons per year. 
How many more? Right about now, we can feed about 450 million people a fish meal a day based on the current world fish catch, which, of course, you know is going down, so that number will go down over time if we don't fix it, but if we put fishery management practices like the ones I've described in place in 10 to 25 countries, we could bring that number up 
We should obviously do this just because it's a good thing to deal with the hunger problem, but it's also cost-effective. 
It also doesn't need a lot of land, something that's in short supply, compared to other protein sources. 
And it doesn't need a lot of fresh water. 
It has a little bit of a carbon footprint because we do have to get out and catch the fish. 
It takes a little bit of fuel, but as you know, agriculture can have a carbon footprint, and fish has a much smaller one, so it's less polluting. 
It can reduce our risks of cancer, heart disease and obesity. 
There's a constant tough decision that has to be made between maintaining biodiversity and feeding people. 
Seafood has a really complex supply chain, and at every step in this supply chain, there's an opportunity for seafood fraud, unless we have traceability. 
Traceability is a way where the seafood industry can track the seafood from the boat to the plate to make sure that the consumer can then find out where their seafood came from. 
It's being done by some in the industry, but not enough, so we're pushing a law in Congress called the SAFE Seafood Act, and I'm very excited today to announce the release of a chef's petition, where 450 chefs have signed a petition calling on Congress to support the SAFE Seafood Act. 
It has a lot of celebrity chefs you may know -- Anthony Bourdain, Mario Batali, Barton Seaver and others — and they've signed it because they believe that people have a right to know about what they're eating. 
Approximately 30 years ago, when I was in oncology at the Children's Hospital a father and a son walked into my office and they both had their right eye missing, and as I took the history, it became apparent that the father and the son had a rare form of inherited eye tumor, retinoblastoma, and the father knew that he had passed that fate on to his son. 
In fact, for thousands of human traits, a molecular basis that's known for that, and for thousands of people, every day, there's information that they gain about the risk of going on to get this disease or that disease. 
We do a lot of studying of those who are sick and building up long lists of altered components. 
If you're going to do a study like that, you can imagine you'd like to look at lots and lots of people. 
We'd have to go and have a pretty wide study, and we realized that actually one way to think of this is, let us look at adults who are over 40 years of age, and let's make sure that we look at those who were healthy as kids. 
But there was a very small set of individuals who also had very high levels of HIV. 
And in some ways, think of it as a decoder ring, a sort of resilience decoder ring that we're going to try to build. 
As a student of adversity, I've been struck over the years by how some people with major challenges seem to draw strength from them, and I've heard the popular wisdom that that has to do with finding meaning. 
My last book was about how families manage to deal with various kinds of challenging or unusual offspring, and one of the mothers I interviewed, who had two children with multiple severe disabilities, said to me, "People always give us these little sayings like, 'God doesn't give you any more than you can handle,' but children like ours are not preordained as a gift. 
So as it turns out, I'm the lucky one." 
I've never been raped, and I've never been in anything remotely approaching a Burmese prison, but as a gay American, I've experienced prejudice and even hatred, and I've forged meaning and I've built identity, which is a move I learned from people who had experienced far worse privation than I've ever known. 
 These experiences eventually allowed me to have some happy physical relationships with women, for which I'm grateful, but I was at war with myself, and I dug terrible wounds into my own psyche. 
Ease makes less of an impression on us than struggle. 
If you get out of the way, we don't need to hurt you, but if you won't move, we'll have no choice but to run you down." 
If you'll clear enough space for us to turn around, we'll go back the way we came." 
Sometimes, forging meaning can give you the vocabulary you need to fight for your ultimate freedom. 
Someday, being gay will be a simple fact, free of party hats and blame, but not yet. 
I am lucky to have forged meaning and built identity, but that's still a rare privilege, and gay people deserve more collectively than the crumbs of justice. 
Nirvana, he said, is what you arrive at when you have only bliss to look forward to and find in what looked like sorrows the seedlings of your joy. 
Perhaps all the complex imagining I've done could have been applied to other topics. 
I tend to find the ecstasy hidden in ordinary joys, because I did not expect those joys to be ordinary to me. 
I know many heterosexuals who have equally happy marriages and families, but gay marriage is so breathtakingly fresh, and gay families so exhilaratingly new, and I found meaning in that surprise. 
He felt like that would go against his code as a sportsman. 
How do we imagine animals, how do we think and feel about them, and how do their reputations get written and then rewritten in our minds? 
Well, there's a new field, a relatively new field of social science that started looking at these questions and trying to unpack the powerful and sometimes pretty schizophrenic relationships that we have to animals, and I spent a lot of time looking through their academic journals, and all I can really say is that their findings are astonishingly wide-ranging. 
So some of my favorites include that the more television a person watches in Upstate New York, the more he or she is afraid of being attacked by a black bear. 
We tend to sympathize more with animals that look like us, and especially that resemble human babies, so with big, forward-facing eyes and circular faces, kind of a roly-poly posture. 
Nature could only start to seem this pure and adorable because we didn't have to be afraid of it anymore. 
Now, society's reach has expanded all the way to the top of the world, and it's made even these, the most remote, the most powerful bears on the planet, seem like adorable and blameless victims. 
But you know, there's also a postscript to the teddy bear story that not a lot of people talk about. 
We're going to talk about it, because even though it didn't really take long after Roosevelt's hunt in 1902 for the toy to become a full-blown craze, most people figured it was a fad, it was a sort of silly political novelty item and it would go away once the president left office, and so by 1909, when Roosevelt's successor, William Howard Taft, was getting ready to be inaugurated, the toy industry was on the hunt 
There were smaller billy possums on a stick that kids could wave around like flags. 
So we can explain that failure two ways. 
I'm going to go ahead and say it out loud anyway: Opossums are hideous.  But maybe more importantly is that the story of the billy possum was all wrong, especially compared to the backstory of the teddy bear. 
So we've gone from annihilating species to micromanaging the survival of a lot of species indefinitely, and which ones? 
And so maybe the teddy bear worked in part because the legend of Roosevelt and that bear in Mississippi was kind of like an allegory of this great responsibility that society was just beginning to face up to back then. 
But then eventually, after staying there for a little while, and after the end of that first year I realized that I actually was growing up. 
I thought about a lot of the people, in particular a lot of the men, in my life They all happened to wear the uniform of the United States of America, so for me, the question and the answer really became pretty easy. 
They were now about to find themselves in the middle of places the fact is the vast majority of people, the vast majority of us as we were training, couldn't even point out on a map. 
I remember walking out with my unit for the first time, and when you join the Army and you go through a combat tour, everyone looks at your shoulder, because on your shoulder is your combat patch. 
A lot of my soldiers signed up for completely different reasons. 
And what was amazing to me was that I very naively started hearing this statement that I never fully understood, because right after 9/11, you start hearing this idea where people come up to you and they say, "Well, thank you for your service." 
I thought that if you made it back from a conflict zone that somehow you could kind of wipe the sweat off your brow and say, "Whew, I'm glad I dodged that one," without understanding that for so many people, as they come back home, the war keeps going. 
Please forgive us if we don't like being in big crowds. 
Please forgive us when we spend one week in a place that has 100 percent light discipline, because you're not allowed to walk around with white lights, because if anything has a white light, it can be seen from miles away, versus if you use little green or little blue lights, they cannot be seen from far away. 
So please forgive us if out of nowhere, we go from having 100 percent light discipline to then a week later being back in the middle of Times Square, and we have a difficult time adjusting to that. 
Please forgive us when you transition back to a family who has completely been maneuvering without you, and now when you come back, it's not that easy to fall back into a sense of normality, because the whole normal has changed. 
I wanted people to come up to me and tell me, "What did you do?" 
I wanted people to come up to me and tell me, "What was it like? What was the food like? 
Because sometimes there's this fear and there's this apprehension that if I say anything, I'm afraid I'll offend, or I'm afraid I'll trigger something, so the common default is just saying nothing. 
And now she uses her voice as a Congresswoman from Illinois to fight and advocate for a collection of issues to include veterans issues. 
From the age of six on, I kept a packed bag with some clothes and cans of food tucked away in the back of a closet. 
 ♪ It's all there in gospels ♪ ♪A Magdalene girl comes to pay her respects ♪ ♪ But her mind is awhirl ♪ ♪ When she finds the tomb empty ♪ ♪ Straw had been rolled ♪ ♪ Not a sign of a corpse ♪ ♪ In the dark and the cold ♪ ♪ When she reaches the door ♪ ♪ Sees an unholy sight ♪ ♪ There's a solitary figure and a halo of light ♪ ♪ He just carries on floating past Calvary Hill ♪ 
♪ In an Almighty hurry ♪ ♪ Aye, but she might catch him still ♪ ♪ Tell me where are you gone, Lord ♪ ♪ Oh don't hinder me, woman ♪ ♪ I've no time to waste ♪ ♪ For they're launching a boat on the morrow at noon ♪ ♪ And I have to be there before daybreak ♪ ♪ Oh I cannot be missing ♪ ♪ The lads'll expect me ♪ 
Some of my earliest memories are of giant ships blocking the end of my street, as well as the sun, for a lot of the year. 
I dreamt I'd become a writer of songs, that I would sing those songs to vast numbers of people all over the world, that I would be paid extravagant amounts of money, that I'd become famous, that I'd marry a beautiful woman, have children, raise a family, buy a big house in the country, keep dogs, grow wine, have rooms full of Grammy Awards, platinum discs, and what have you. 
So far, so good, right?  And then one day, the songs stopped coming, and while you've suffered from periods of writer's block before, albeit briefly, this is something chronic. 
of people I'd known, where they explain who they are, what they do, their hopes and their fears for the future. 
Now you can die and hope for heaven, but you need to work your shift, and I'd expect you all to back us to the hilt, for if St. Peter at his gate We built the greatest ship in tonnage what the world has ever seen ♪ And the only life worth knowing is in the shipyard ♪ ♪ Steel in the stockyard, iron in the soul ♪ ♪ Would conjure up a ship ♪ 
But sometimes a father's love can be misconstrued as controlling, and conversely, the scope of his son's ambition can seem like some pie-in-the-sky fantasy. 
♪ These dead man's boots know their way down the hill ♪ ♪ They could walk there themselves, and they probably will ♪ ♪ I've plenty of choices, I've plenty other routes ♪ ♪ And you'll never see me walking in these dead man's boots ♪ ♪ What was it made him think ♪ ♪ I'd be happy ending up like him ♪ ♪ When he'd hardly got two halfpennies left ♪ 
I'm not very happy with her. 
 The fact is, whether you're a rock star or whether you're a welder in a shipyard, or a tribesman in the upper Amazon, or the queen of England, we're all in the same boat. ♪ Aye, the footmen are frantic in their indignation ♪ ♪ You see the queen's took a taxi herself to the station ♪ ♪ Where the porters, surprised by her lack of royal baggage ♪ ♪ Bustle her and three corgis to the rear of the carriage ♪ 
♪ For the train it is crammed with all Europe's nobility ♪ ♪ And there's none of them famous for their compatibility ♪ ♪ There's a fight over seats ♪ ♪ "I beg pardon, Your Grace ♪ ♪ But you'll find that one's mine, so get back in your place!" ♪ ♪ "Aye, but where are they going?" ♪ ♪ All the porters debate ♪ ♪ "Why they're going to Newcastle and they daren't be late ♪ 
♪ When the last ship sails ♪ ♪ Oh the roar of the chains ♪ ♪ And the cracking of timbers ♪ ♪ The noise at the end of the world in your ears ♪ ♪ As a mountain of steel makes its way to the sea ♪ ♪ And the last ship sails ♪ Thanks very much for listening to my song. Thank you.  Thank you. 
So he came back when he was a teenager, and he said to his grandfather, "It may be a bit late now because I've discovered that I don't believe in the gods." 
Now you might think this just shows that I've given you the wrong definition and that I should come up with some other definition and test it against these cases and try and find something that captures atheistic Judaism, atheistic Hinduism, and atheistic Buddhism as forms of religiosity, but I actually think that that's a bad idea, and the reason I think it's a bad idea is that I don't think that's how 
I'm sure a lot of people will disagree with it, but here's my story, and true or not, it's a story that I think gives you a good sense of how the list might have come about, and therefore helps you to think about what use the list might be. 
It was actually adverted to earlier, but a very specific thing happened in the history of the kind of Christianity that we see around us mostly in the United States today, and it happened in the late 19th century, and that specific thing that happened in the late 19th century was a kind of deal that was cut between science, this new way of organizing intellectual authority, and religion. 
In the early 19th century, if you were a geologist and made a claim about the age of the Earth, you had to explain whether that was consistent or how it was or wasn't consistent with the age of the Earth implied by the account in Genesis. 
So imagine someone who's coming out of that world, that late-19th-century world, coming into the country that I grew up in, Ghana, the society that I grew up in, Asante, coming into that world at the turn of the 20th century with this question that made the list: what have they got instead of Christianity? 
It would take a long while to explain how a soul could be the kind of thing that could be washed, but Rattray knew that this was religion because souls were in play. 
This is an early-19th-century drawing by another British military officer of such a ceremonial, where the king was involved, and the king's job, one of the large parts of his job, apart from organizing warfare and things like that, was to look after the tombs of his ancestors, and when a king died, the stool that he sat on was blackened and put in the royal ancestral temple, and every 40 days, 
Every one of you knows that the rate of change slows over the human lifespan, that your children seem to change by the minute but your parents seem to change by the year. 
And this enabled us to do a really interesting kind of analysis, because it allowed us to compare the predictions of people, say, 18 years old, to the reports of people who were 28, and to do that kind of analysis throughout the lifespan. 
And what we find, well, you've seen it twice now, and here it is again: people predict that the friend they have now is the friend they'll have in 10 years, the vacation they most enjoy now is the one they'll enjoy in 10 years, and yet, people who are 10 years older all say, "Eh, you know, that's really changed." 
Why does this happen? We're not entirely sure, but it probably has to do with the ease of remembering versus the difficulty of imagining. 
Most of us can remember who we were 10 years ago, but we find it hard to imagine who we're going to be, and then we mistakenly think that because it's hard to imagine, it's not likely to happen. 
Sorry, when people say "I can't imagine that," they're usually talking about their own lack of imagination, and not about the unlikelihood of the event that they're describing. 
We seem to appreciate this fact, but only in retrospect. 
Poems are easy to share, easy to pass on, and when you read a poem, you can imagine someone's speaking to you or for you, maybe even someone far away or someone made up or someone deceased. 
That's why we can go to poems when we want to remember something or someone, to celebrate or to look beyond death or to say goodbye, and that's one reason poems can seem important, even to people who aren't me, who don't so much live in a world of words. 
It's furnished at least three science fiction titles, I think because it says poems can brings us news from the future or the past or across the world, because their patterns can seem to tell you what's in somebody's heart. 
It's a poem about loneliness -- the "I" in the poem feels no connection will last — and it might look like a plea for help 'til you get to the word "help," where this "I" facing you, taking your hand, is more like a teacher or a genie, or at least that's what he wants to believe. 
It's about the Garden of Eden and the Fall in which sex as we know it and death and guilt come into the world at the same time. 
"Smack" can mean "kiss" as in air kisses, as in lip-smacking, but that can lead to "smack" as in "hit" as in domestic abuse, because sexual attraction can seem threatening. 
That resistance is a lot of the point of the poem, which shows me, Armantrout shows me what it's like to hear grave threats and mortal dishonesty in the language of everyday life, and once she's done that, I think she can show other people, women and men, what it's like to feel that way and say to other people, women and men who feel so alienated or so threatened that they're not alone. 
Now, this next poem is older than Armantrout's, but a little younger than A. E. Housman's. 
"The Brave Man" "The sun, that brave man, Comes through boughs that lie in wait, That brave man. 
This sun is not afraid to show his face. 
That's why poems can seem at once so durable, so personal, and so ephemeral, like something inside and outside you at once. 
It's mysterious because it's probably unfinished, he probably left it unfinished, and because it might be meant for a character in a play, but it might just be Keats' thinking about what his own writing, his handwriting, could do, and in it I hear, at least I hear, mortality, and I hear the power of older poetic techniques, and I have the feeling, you might have the feeling, of meeting even for an instant, almost becoming, 
Robust systems are stable in complex and new environments. 
They can go over complex terrain like grass, no problem, and not get destabilized. 
We discovered a new behavior where, because of their shape, they actually roll automatically to their side to go through this artificial test bit of grass. 
And I point out that all of these videos are slowed down 20 times, so they're actually really fast, when you see this. 
We discovered that they can go through three-millimeter gaps, the height of two pennies, two stacked pennies, and when they do this, they can actually run through those confined spaces at high speeds, although you never see it. 
And mammals got bigger, their brains got bigger at an even faster pace, and the neocortex got bigger even faster than that and developed these distinctive ridges and folds basically to increase its surface area. 
So let me describe briefly how it works. 
Go up another five levels, and you're now at a pretty high level of this hierarchy, and stretch down into the different senses, and you may have a module that sees a certain fabric, hears a certain voice quality, smells a certain perfume, and will say, "My wife has entered the room." 
Go up another 10 levels, and now you're at a very high level. 
And whenever they stimulated particular, very small points on her neocortex, shown here in red, she would laugh. 
So at first they thought they were triggering some kind of laugh reflex, but no, they quickly realized they had found the points in her neocortex that detect humor, and she just found everything hilarious whenever they stimulated these points. 
Well, computers are actually beginning to master human language with techniques that are similar to the neocortex. 
Now today, I mean, you have a computer in your phone, but if you need 10,000 computers for a few seconds to do a complex search, you can access that for a second or two in the cloud. 
I'd better think of something clever to say. 
And so it started to become increasingly clear to me that this pitting of the two movements against each other actually didn't make sense, and that they were in fact much, much more interconnected, and that, in fact, some of the way that the gay rights movement has been able to make such incredible gains so quickly by the civil rights movement. 
And I call this strategy the "I'm tired of your foot on my neck" strategy. 
He later in his life became a fierce advocate of LGBT rights as well, and his life is testament to the intersection of the struggles. 
It's a documentary film, and it's called "The New Black," and it looks at how the African-American community is grappling with the gay rights issue in light of the gay marriage movement and this fight over the meaning of civil rights. 
And I wanted to capture some of this incredible change that was happening, and as luck or politics would have it, another marriage battle started gearing up, this time in Maryland, where African-Americans make up 30 percent of the electorate. 
So this tension between gay rights and civil rights started to bubble up once again, and I was lucky enough to capture how some people were making the connection between the movements this time. 
Whereas a lot of us continue to still live in racially segregated spaces, LGBT folks, we are everywhere. 
Mandela said, "For to be free is not merely to cast off one's chains, but to live in a way that respects and enhances the freedom of others." 
The first of these ag-gag prosecutions, as they're called, was a young woman named Amy Meyer, and Amy saw a sick cow being moved by a bulldozer outside of a slaughterhouse as she was on the public street. 
His name was Barnaby Jack, and this technique was later called "jackpotting" in his honor. 
And I wanted to be just like her, so I started spending a lot of time on hacker chat rooms and online forums. 
I remember one late night I found a bit of PHP code. 
Making vulnerabilities known to the public is a practice called full disclosure in the hacker community, and it is controversial, but it does make me think of how hackers have an evolving effect on technologies we use every day. 
In fact, they raised more than 13,000 dollars to reward him for this discovery, raising a vital discussion in the technology industry about how we come up with incentives for hackers to do the right thing. 
But I think it's worth the effort, because the alternative, to blindly fight all hackers, is to go against the power you cannot control at the cost of stifling innovation and regulating knowledge. 
It is even more true if we go after hackers that are willing to risk their own freedom for ideals like the freedom of the web, especially in times like this, like today even, as governments and corporates fight to control the Internet. 
This tweet was fake, of course, but the resulting drop in the Dow Jones index that day was most certainly not, and a lot of people lost a lot of money. 
The rules of the game are not that clear anymore, but hackers are perhaps the only ones still capable of challenging overreaching governments and data-hoarding corporates on their own playing field. 
For the past three decades, hackers have done a lot of things, but they have also impacted civil liberties, innovation and Internet freedom, so I think it's time we take a good look at how we choose to portray them, because if we keep expecting them to be the bad guys, how can they be the heroes too? 
They make us, they force us to fix things or demand something better, and I think we need them to do just that, because after all, it is not information that wants to be free, it's us. 
I couldn't get out of bed in the morning. 
Now you can be lost in the cloud for a day, a week, a month, a year, a whole career, but sometimes, if you're lucky enough and you have enough support, you can see in the materials at hand, or perhaps meditating on the shape of the cloud, a new answer, C, and you decide to go for it. 
If you'd like to explore the risky paths needed to get out of the cloud, you need other emotions -- solidarity, support, hope — that come with your connection from somebody else, so like in improvisation theater, in science, it's best to walk into the unknown together. 
If you're not mindful of communications, scientific conversations can have a lot of blocking. 
And I saw scientists in other groups get stuck without even having a word to describe what they're seeing, and their ways of thinking narrowed down to very safe paths, their science didn't reach its full potential, and they were miserable. 
And eventually I managed to get out the cloud using improvisation and music. 
It makes us afraid to talk to each other, which is no fun, because we came to science to share our ideas and to learn from each other, and so I do a blues song, which —  — called "Scooped Again," and I ask the audience to be my backup singers, and I tell them, "Your text is 'Scoop, Scoop.'" It sounds like this: "Scoop, scoop!" 
And you can go through the cloud not alone but together with someone who is your source of support to say "Yes, and" to your ideas, to help you say "Yes, and" to your own ideas, to increase the chance that, through the wisps of the cloud, you'll find that moment of calmness where you get your first glimpse of your unexpected discovery, your C. 
Now, I'm not boasting, because all of you have famous people and historical figures in your tree, because we are all connected, and 75 million may seem like a lot, but in a few years, it's quite likely we will have a family tree with all, almost all, seven billion people on Earth. 
We all have a bit of their DNA in us. 
I think this tree is going to be bad news for bigots, because they're going to have to realize that they are cousins with thousands of people in whatever ethnic group they happen to have issues with, and I think you look back at history, and a lot of the terrible things we've done to each other is because one group thinks another group is sub-human, and you can't do that anymore. 
And, of course, the most important is that you, I want you guys there, and I invite you to go to GlobalFamilyReunion.org and figure out how you're on the family tree, because these are big issues, family and tribe, and I don't know all the answers, but I have a lot of smart relatives, including you guys, so together, I think we can figure it out. 
I need to start by telling you a little bit about my social life, which I know may not seem relevant, but it is. 
When people meet me at parties and they find out that I'm an English professor who specializes in language, they generally have one of two reactions. 
And then they stop talking.  And they wait for me to go away and talk to someone else. 
I'm going to do this as a show of hands: How many of you still regularly refer to a dictionary, either print or online? 
To give you a sense of the flavor of the meeting, it occurs right before happy hour. 
 But some of the past winners now seem completely unremarkable, such as "app" and "e" as a prefix, and "google" as a verb. 
What is striking about this is that there's actually often quite a lot of overlap between their list and the list that we are considering for words of the year, and this is because we're noticing the same thing. 
They try to provide us some guidance about words that are considered slang or informal or offensive, often through usage labels, but they're in something of a bind, because they're trying to describe what we do, and they know that we often go to dictionaries to get information about how we should use a word well or appropriately. 
To show you what I mean, we'll look at an example, but before we do, I want to explain what the dictionary editors are trying to deal with in this usage note. 
Well, if you look for "impactful" in Google Books, here is what you find. 
Think of a hard choice you'll face in the near future. 
Hard choices seem to be occasions for agonizing, hand-wringing, the gnashing of teeth. 
So I got out my yellow pad, I drew a line down the middle, and I tried my best to think of the reasons for and against each alternative. 
I'd compare them side by side, I'd see that one was better, and the choice would be easy. 
So if what matters to us -- a child's delight, the love you have for your partner — can't be represented by real numbers, then there's no reason to believe that in choice, there are only three possibilities -- that one alternative is better, worse or equal to the other. 
We need to introduce a new, fourth relation beyond being better, worse or equal, that describes what's going on in hard choices. 
If there's a best alternative, then that's the one you should choose, because part of being rational is doing the better thing rather than the worse thing, choosing what you have most reason to choose. 
And I really began to feel that if you were lucky enough to walk around the candlelit temples of Tibet or to wander along the seafronts in Havana with music passing all around you, you could bring those sounds and the high cobalt skies and the flash of the blue ocean back to your friends at home, and really bring some magic and clarity to your own life. 
And by going nowhere, I mean nothing more intimidating than taking a few minutes out of every day or a few days out of every season, or even, as some people do, a few years out of a life in order to sit still long enough to find out what moves you most, to recall where your truest happiness lies and to remember that sometimes making a living and making a life 
We all know that in our on-demand lives, one of the things that's most on demand is ourselves. 
I once went to the Google headquarters and I saw all the things many of you have heard about; the indoor tree houses, the trampolines, workers at that time enjoying 20 percent of their paid time free so that they could just let their imaginations go wandering. 
I pick up the Jewish holy book of the Torah -- its longest chapter, it's on the Sabbath. 
And we all know that it's really one of our greatest luxuries, the empty space. 
And I know I as a writer will often try to include a lot of empty space on the page so that the reader can complete my thoughts and sentences and so that her imagination has room to breathe. 
I sometimes think I'd rather give up meat or sex or wine than the chance to check on my emails. 
And quite soon after I moved there, I ended up where I still am with my wife, formerly our kids, in a two-room apartment in the middle of nowhere where we have no bicycle, no car, no TV I can understand, and I still have to support my loved ones as a travel writer and a journalist, so clearly this is not ideal for job advancement or for cultural excitement or for social diversion. 
I once got on a plane in Frankfurt, Germany, and a young German woman came down and sat next to me and engaged me in a very friendly conversation for about 30 minutes, and then she just turned around and sat still for 12 hours. 
It's a little older than TED. 
The incredible part about what I learned from Amanda is a lot of us are looking at 3D printing and we say to ourselves, it's going to replace traditional methods. 
And as we sit here today, you can go wireless on your braces with clear aligners, or your dental restorations. 
Planetary Resources, a startup for space explorations is going to put out its first space probe later this year. 
It was a fraction of a NASA spaceship, it costs a fraction of its cost, and it's made with less than a dozen moving parts, and it's going to be out in space later this year. 
Google is taking on this very audacious project of making the block phone, the Ara. It's only possible because of the development of high-speed 3D printing that for the first time will make functional, usable modules that will go into it. 
And what if we could begin to put ingredients and colors and flavors in every taste, which means not only delicious foods but the promise of personalized nutrition around the corner? 
The printer doesn't care if it makes the most rudimentary shape or the most complex shape, and that is completely turning design and manufacturing on its head as we know it. 
But Chuck Hull, the man that invented it all, is right here in the house today, and thanks to him, I can say, thanks to his invention, I can say that I am a cobbler too, and by standing in these shoes I am honoring my past while manufacturing the future. 
There we go. Smart audience. 
Okay, good, because I need somebody smart here because now I'm going to demonstrate with the help of one of you just how deeply rooted your urge to solve is, just how wired to solve all of you really are, so I'm going to come into the audience and find somebody to help me. 
Now, Gwen, before we begin, I'd like to point out a piece of the puzzle, which is here in this envelope, and I will not go near it. Okay? 
It's going to be a lot of fun. 
Pick up just one marker, pick up just one marker, and why don't you color in the horse for me? 
Okay, and pick up another marker out of the cup and take off the cap and color in the donkey for me, color in the donkey. 
And pick up another marker for me and take off the cap. Isn't this fun? 
Okay, and recap that marker and pick up another marker out of the cup and color in the rooster for me, color in the rooster. 
Pick up another marker out of the cup and color in the ox for me. Color in the ox. 
A lot of color on that, and recap, and place it on the table, and pick up another marker out of the cup. 
Today, a baffled lady observed the shell where my soul dwells And announced that I'm "articulate" Which means that when it comes I don't even think of it ‘Cause I’m "articulate" So when my professor asks a question And my answer is tainted with a connotation of urbanized suggestion There’s no misdirected intention Pay attention ‘Cause I’m “articulate” So when my father asks, “Wha’ kinda ting is dis?” My “articulate” answer never goes amiss 
I say “father, this is the impending problem at hand” And when I’m on the block I switch it up just because I can So when my boy says, “What’s good with you son?” I just say, “I jus’ fall out wit dem people but I done!” And sometimes in class I might pause the intellectual sounding flow to ask “Yo! Why dese books neva be about my peoples” Yes, I have decided to treat 
Because the English language is a multifaceted oration Subject to indefinite transformation Now you may think that it is ignorant to speak broken English But I’m here to tell you that even “articulate” Americans sound foolish to the British So when my Professor comes on the block and says, “Hello” I stop him and say “Noooo … You’re being inarticulate … the proper way is to say ‘what’s good’” Now you may think that’s too hood, that’s not cool 
But I’m here to tell you that even our language has rules So when Mommy mocks me and says “ya’ll-be-madd-going-to-the-store” I say “Mommy, no, that sentence is not following the law Never does the word "madd" go before a present participle That’s simply the principle of this English” If I had the vocal capacity I would sing this from every mountaintop, From every suburbia, and every hood ‘Cause the only God of language is the one recorded in the Genesis 
Of this world saying “it is good" So I may not always come before you with excellency of speech But do not judge me by my language and assume That I’m too ignorant to teach ‘Cause I speak three tongues One for each: Home, school and friends I’m a tri-lingual orator Sometimes I’m consistent with my language now Then switch it up so I don’t bore later Sometimes I fight back two tongues 
While I use the other one in the classroom And when I mistakenly mix them up I feel crazy like … I’m cooking in the bathroom I know that I had to borrow your language because mines was stolen But you can’t expect me to speak your history wholly while mines is broken These words are spoken By someone who is simply fed up with the Eurocentric ideals of this season 
And the reason I speak a composite version of your language Is because mines was raped away along with my history I speak broken English so the profusing gashes can remind us That our current state is not a mystery I’m so tired of the negative images that are driving my people mad So unless you’ve seen it rob a bank stop calling my hair bad I’m so sick of this nonsensical racial disparity 
So don’t call it good unless your hair is known for donating to charity As much as has been raped away from our people How can you expect me to treat their imprint on your language As anything less than equal Let there be no confusion Let there be no hesitation This is not a promotion of ignorance This is a linguistic celebration That’s why I put "tri-lingual" on my last job application 
I can help to diversify your consumer market is all I wanted them to know And when they call me for the interview I’ll be more than happy to show that I can say: “What’s good” “Whatagwan” And of course …“Hello” Because I’m “articulate” Thank you. 
But it didn't happen in the way that you might imagine or think. 
So imagine what it was like when I first grabbed my little Blackberry and I started learning how to text. 
I had to acknowledge that I had hurt others. 
My wish today is that we will embrace a more empathetic approach toward how we deal with mass incarceration, that we will do away with the lock-them-up-and-throw-away-the-key mentality, because it's proven it doesn't work. 
A lot of people are frustrated with passwords, and it's bad enough when you have to have one really good password that you can remember but nobody else is going to be able to guess. 
Now, when they implemented this new policy, a lot of people, my colleagues and friends, came up to me and they said, "Wow, now that's really unusable. 
So CMU allows 32 possible symbols, but as you can see, there's only a small number that most people are using, so we're not actually getting very much strength from the symbols in our passwords. 
So it turns out there are a lot of people going around stealing passwords, and they often go and post these passwords on the Internet. 
This is still not really ideal for research, though, because it's not entirely clear where all of these passwords came from, or exactly what policies were in effect when people created these passwords. 
So we used a service called Amazon Mechanical Turk, and this is a service where you can post a small job online that takes a minute, a few minutes, an hour, and pay people, a penny, ten cents, a few dollars, to do a task for you, and then you pay them through Amazon.com. 
So we paid people about 50 cents to create a password following our rules and answering a survey, and then we paid them again to come back two days later and log in using their password and answering another survey. 
Again we see that there's only a small number of symbols that people are actually using in their passwords. 
A smart attacker, on the other hand, does something much more clever. 
So what we found by running all of these 5,000 passwords we collected through these tests to see how strong they were, we found that the long passwords were actually pretty strong, and the complex passwords were pretty strong too. 
However, when we looked at the survey data, we saw that people were really frustrated by the very complex passwords, and the long passwords were a lot more usable, and in some cases, they were actually even stronger than the complex passwords. 
We decided to do a study to find out whether these password meters actually work. 
And so we decided to do a research study to find out whether this was true or not. 
In fact, everybody who I talk to, who I mention I'm doing password research, they point out this cartoon. 
And we looked at that, and we said, "Well, that doesn't really seem very memorable." 
We wanted to compare them with passwords, and so we had the computer pick random passwords, and these were nice and short, but as you can see, they don't really look very memorable. 
So it's not really a clear win for pass phrases. 
The other interesting thing that we found is that when we compared the Carnegie Mellon passwords to the Mechanical Turk-generated passwords, there was actually a lot of similarities, and so this helped validate our research method and show that actually, collecting passwords using these Mechanical Turk studies is actually a valid way to study passwords. 
There's a lot of love in these passwords. 
And there are animals, a lot of animals, and "monkey" is the most common animal and the 14th most popular password overall. 
So this afternoon, in my limited time, I wanted to take the guesswork out of a lot of that by introducing you to two dogs, both of whom have taken the command "speak" quite literally. 
"As young as I look, I am growing older faster than he. 
I resented the way you moved, your lack of animal grace, the way you would sit in a chair to eat, a napkin on your lap, a knife in your hand. 
I admit the sight of the leash would excite me, but only because it meant I was about to smell things you had never touched. 
Now, I am free of the collar, free of the yellow raincoat, monogrammed sweater, the absurdity of your lawn, and that is all you need to know about this place, except what you already supposed and are glad it did not happen sooner, that everyone here can read and write, the dogs in poetry, the cats and all the others in prose." 
When Einstein developed the theory of general relativity, one of the consequences of his theory was that space-time wasn't just an empty void but that it actually had a fabric. 
Now, sometimes this theory or this model is referred to as the deductive-nomological model, mainly because academics like to make things complicated. 
But also because in the ideal case, it's about laws. 
And in the ideal case, the hypothesis isn't just an idea: ideally, it is a law of nature. 
The Ptolemaic model was believed by many very smart people for many centuries. 
The Ptolemaic system enabled astronomers to make accurate predictions of the motions of the planet, in fact more accurate predictions at first than the Copernican theory which we now would say is true. 
And astronomers said, if the Earth is moving and we look at a prominent star, let's say, Sirius -- well I know I'm in Manhattan so you guys can't see the stars, but imagine you're out in the country, imagine you chose that rural life — and we look at a star in December, we see that star against the backdrop of distant stars. 
If we now make the same observation six months later when the Earth has moved to this position in June, we look at that same star and we see it against a different backdrop. 
Today we would draw the picture more like this, this comes from NASA, and you see the Earth's orbit is actually quite small. 
The stellar parallax therefore, is very small and actually very hard to detect. 
The third problem is simply a factual problem, that a lot of science doesn't fit the textbook model. 
A lot of science isn't deductive at all, it's actually inductive. 
Mainly he knew that he hated medicine because the sight of blood made him sick so he had to have an alternative career path. 
Many years later back in London, Darwin looked at his data again and began to develop an explanation, and that explanation was the theory of natural selection. 
One of the things scientists want to do in life is to explain the causes of things. 
And this idea would later play a major role in discussions of continental drift. 
Nowadays, most scientists prefer to work inside, so they don't build physical models so much as to make computer simulations. 
This slide here, the black line shows the measurements that scientists have taken for the last 150 years showing that the Earth's temperature has steadily increased, and you can see in particular that in the last 50 years there's been this dramatic increase of nearly one degree centigrade, or almost two degrees Fahrenheit. 
And they asked the question, what set of variables put into a model will reproduce what we actually see in real life? 
What he was trying to say is that scientists do a lot of different things. 
We can also think of science as being a kind of a jury, except it's a very special kind of jury. 
Scientists can say no, it's false. 
Well, here's the paradox of modern science, the paradox of the conclusion I think historians and philosophers and sociologists have come to, that actually science is the appeal to authority, but it's not the authority of the individual, no matter how smart that individual is, like Plato or Socrates or Einstein. 
You can think of it is a kind of wisdom of the crowd, but a very special kind of crowd. 
Science does appeal to authority, but it's not based on any individual, no matter how smart that individual may be. 
Of course, these people don't really look like scientists, because they're much too happy. 
They have to explain to us not just what they know but how they know it, and it means that we have to become better listeners. 
I'd like to have a little rummage in there with you now and just pull a few tools out that you might like to take away and play with, which will increase the power of your speaking. 
If I go down here in my throat, which is where most of us speak from most of the time. 
But if you want weight, you need to go down here to the chest. 
There's nothing wrong with a bit of silence in a talk, is there? 
Or to make that a bit larger, what would the world be like if we were creating sound consciously and consuming sound consciously and designing all our environments consciously for sound? 
This is a lot of ones and zeros. 
Computers control our military equipment, everything from missile silos to satellites to nuclear defense networks. 
So when you start to look at cyber from this perspective, spending your life sifting through binary information starts to seem kind of exciting. 
I didn't know quite what it would look like, which makes finding it really, really hard. 
So I spent some time trying to put this together, but wasn't having a whole lot of luck, and finally I decided, I'm going to get through this, I'm going to come in on a weekend, and I'm not going to leave until I figure out what this represents. 
It's easy to go down the wrong rabbit hole and waste a tremendous amount of time doing the wrong thing. 
This is what your contacts list would look like if I were examining it. 
We can go through every little detail of the binary information in seconds, as opposed to weeks, months, at this level. 
This is what I'm after in the end, but this is its visual abstraction. 
what I was looking at from raw ones and zeros, but because our brains can instantly pick up and recognize these subtle patterns inside of these visual abstractions, we can unconsciously apply those in new situations. 
Our brains can pick up on these patterns in ways that we never could have from looking at raw ones and zeros. 
We can even pick up the tiniest visual artifacts. 
Things that would take us weeks, months to find in ones and zeroes, are immediately apparent in some sort of visual abstraction, and as we continue to go through this and throw more and more information at it, in a matter of seconds just by using our brain's built-in ability to analyze patterns. 
So I might not be able to find the code that controls the battery, but there's a lot of things that are very similar to that. 
It can find out exactly how the pieces of that code work together to control that battery. 
I wanted to find out if this would really work in the work I do every day. 
Now that I know it's a photograph, I've got dozens of other binary translation techniques to visualize and understand that information, so in a matter of seconds, we can take this information, shove it through a dozen other visual translation techniques in order to find out exactly what we were looking at. 
Twenty or 30 years ago, if a bank in North America lent too much money to some people who couldn't afford to pay it back and the bank went bust, that was bad for the lender and bad for the borrower, but we didn't imagine it would bring the global economic system to its knees for nearly a decade. 
It's brought a lot of bad stuff, like the stuff that I just described, but it's also brought a lot of good stuff. 
A lot of us are not aware of the extraordinary successes of the Millennium Development Goals, several of which have achieved their targets long before the due date. 
If you look at the downside of globalization, it really does seem to be sometimes overwhelming. 
Oh sure, we're very good at empathy when it's a question of dealing with people who kind of look like us and kind of walk and talk and eat and pray and wear like us, but when it comes to people who don't do that, who don't quite dress like us and don't quite pray like us and don't quite talk like us, do we not also have a tendency to see them 
Why can't we demand them? 
Well I, like a lot of us, spend a lot of time complaining about how hard it is to make people change, and I don't think we should fuss about it. 
So I've spent a lot of the last 10 or 15 years trying to find out what could be that self-interest that would encourage not just politicians but also businesses and general populations, all of us, to start to think a little more outwardly, to think in a bigger picture, not always to look inwards, sometimes to look outwards. 
I haven't got time to explain in detail. 
We mean countries that seem to contribute something to the world in which we live, countries that actually make the world safer or better or richer or fairer. 
And indeed, if you look further down the list, I don't have the slide here, you will see something that made me very happy indeed, that Kenya is in the top 30, and that demonstrates one very, very important thing. 
They've spent a great deal of time over the last decades building their own economy, building their own society and their own polity, but it is to be hoped that the second phase of their growth will be somewhat more outward-looking than the first phase has been so far. 
And then you can break down each country in terms of the actual datasets that build into it. 
I've even had enough hearing about happy countries because in the end that's still selfish. 
I used to think that I wanted to live in a rich country, and then I started thinking I wanted to live in a happy country, but I began to realize, it's not enough. 
I want to try to convince you that prejudice and bias are natural, they're often rational, and they're often even moral, and I think that once we understand this, when they go wrong, when they have horrible consequences, and we're in a better position to know what to do when this happens. 
So everybody here has a lot of experience with chairs and apples and dogs, and based on this, you could see unfamiliar examples and you could guess, you could sit on the chair, you could eat the apple, the dog will bark. 
And in fact, Hazlitt later on in his wonderful essay concedes this. 
But what he found was, these categories mattered, so when he later gave the subjects money, they would prefer to give the money to members of their own group than members of the other group. 
So often they're rational and useful, but sometimes they're irrational, they give the wrong answers, and other times they lead to plainly immoral consequences. 
The ones held by black hands got substantially smaller bids than the ones held by white hands. 
It turns out, holding everything else constant, you are considerably more likely to be executed if you look like the man on the right than the man on the left, and this is in large part because the man on the right looks more prototypically black, more prototypically African-American, and this apparently influences people's decisions over what to do about him. 
So Stalin apocryphally said, "A single death is a tragedy, a million deaths is a statistic," and Mother Teresa said, "If I look at the mass, I will never act. 
So Adam Smith starts by asking you to imagine the death of thousands of people, and imagine that the thousands of people are in a country you are not familiar with. 
But imagine instead, Smith says, you were to learn that tomorrow you were to have your little finger chopped off. 
Japanese-Americans, American citizens of Japanese ancestry, were looked on with suspicion and fear and with outright hatred simply because we happened to look like the people that bombed Pearl Harbor. 
They worked their fingers to the bone, and ultimately they were able to get the capital together to buy a three-bedroom home in a nice neighborhood. 
When Pearl Harbor was bombed, young Japanese-Americans, like all young Americans, rushed to their draft board to volunteer to fight for our country. 
It was totally irrational, but the amazing thing, the astounding thing, is that thousands of young Japanese-American men and women again went from behind those barbed-wire fences, put on the same uniform as that of our guards, leaving their families in imprisonment, to fight for this country. 
They said that they were going to fight not only to get their families out from behind those barbed-wire fences, but because they cherished the very ideal of what our government stands for, should stand for, and that was being abrogated by what was being done. 
And they went to fight for this country. 
They were put into a segregated all Japanese-American unit and sent to the battlefields of Europe, and they threw themselves into it. 
I was looking at the news streams and listening to the press conferences of the government officials and the Tokyo Power Company, and hearing about this explosion at the nuclear reactors and this cloud of fallout that was headed towards our house which was only about 200 kilometers away. 
On the Net, I found there were a lot of other people like me trying to figure out what was going on, and together we sort of loosely formed a group and we called it Safecast, and we decided we were going to try to measure the radiation and get the data out to everybody else, because it was clear that the government wasn't going to be doing this for us. 
It helped that it was an event that pulled everybody together, but it was a new way of doing things that was enabled by the Internet and a lot of the other things that were going on, and I want to talk a little bit about what those new principles are. 
then they raised the money, and then they sort of figured out a business plan and maybe later on they hired some MBAs. 
And so what you would do is, you'd go down to the stalls and you would see these cell phones. 
What they do is, they make a cell phone, go down to the stall, they sell some, they look at the other kids' stuff, go up, make a couple thousand more, go down. 
She can buy this box and she can manufacture it. 
This is Gen9 gene assembler, and so right now when you try to print a gene, what you do is somebody in a factory with pipettes puts the thing together by hand, you have one error per 100 base pairs, and it takes a long time and costs a lot of money. 
So in the Safecast story, we knew we needed to collect data, we knew we wanted to publish the data, and instead of trying to come up with the exact plan, we first said, oh, let's get Geiger counters. 
My father's university teaching of Darwin had already provoked a classroom visit from the head of the so-called Islamic Salvation Front, who denounced Dad as an advocate of biologism before Dad had ejected the man, and now whoever was outside would neither identify himself nor go away. 
It was a ridiculous thing to do, really, but I couldn't think of anything else, and so there I stood. 
When I look back now, I think that that was the moment that set me on the path was to writing a book called "Your Fatwa Does Not Apply Here: Untold Stories from the Fight Against Muslim Fundamentalism." 
I think it was actually that moment that sent me on the journey to interview 300 people of Muslim heritage from nearly 30 countries, from Afghanistan to Mali, to find out how they fought fundamentalism peacefully like my father did, and how they coped with the attendant risks. 
In any case, someone would return a few months later and leave a note on Dad's kitchen table, which simply said, "Consider yourself dead." 
Some on the right think this because they view Muslim culture as inherently violent, and some on the left imagine this because they view Muslim violence, fundamentalist violence, solely as a product of legitimate grievances. 
I cite the definition given by the Algerian sociologist Marieme Helie Lucas, and she says that fundamentalisms, note the "s," so within all of the world's great religious traditions, "fundamentalisms are political movements of the extreme right which in a context of globalization manipulate religion in order to achieve their political aims." 
Now let me be clear that I support an effective struggle against fundamentalism, but also a struggle that must itself respect international law, so nothing I am saying should be taken as a justification for refusals to democratize, and here I send out a shout-out of support to the pro-democracy movement in Algeria today, Barakat. 
Nor should anything I say be taken as a justification of violations of human rights, like the mass death sentences handed out in Egypt earlier this week. 
I'm painfully aware that there has been an increase in discrimination against Muslims in recent years in countries like the U.K. and the U.S., and that too is a matter of grave concern, but I firmly believe that telling these counter-stereotypical stories of people of Muslim heritage who have confronted the fundamentalists and been their primary victims is also a great way of countering that discrimination. 
With the rise of jihadist violence, they began to receive threats to call off their events, which they refused to heed. 
And so a bomber struck their 2008 eighth world performing arts festival in Lahore, producing rain of glass that fell into the venue injuring nine people, and later that same night, the Peerzadas made a very difficult decision: they announced that their festival would continue as planned the next day. 
In fact, thousands of people came out the next day to support the performing arts in Lahore, and this simultaneously thrilled and terrified Faizan, and he ran up to a woman who had come in with her two small children, and he said, "You do know there was a bomb here yesterday, and you do know there's a threat here today." 
I google desperately, and thankfully that day I find out that Maria was not the victim, though sadly, another Afghan prosecutor was gunned down on his way to work. 
Far away in the American Midwest, I had the good fortune of meeting Somali-Americans who were working to counter the efforts of al Shabaab to recruit a small number of young people from their city of Minneapolis to take part in atrocities like Westgate. 
Given his own lack of financial resources, Mr. Bihi has had to be creative. 
He told me, "One day we saw the imam on TV calling us infidels and saying, 'These families are trying to destroy the mosque.'" This is at complete odds with how Abdirizak Bihi understands what he is trying to do by exposing al Shabaab recruitment, which is to save the religion I love from a small number of extremists. 
We must change that, and so I ask you to please help share these stories Look again at Amel Zenoune's watch, forever frozen, and now please look at your own watch and decide this is the moment that you commit to supporting people like Amel. 
But the underside of this ideology has been an increase of anxiety, feelings of guilt, feelings of being inadequate, feeling that we are failing in our choices. 
Manya's success was that she was able to open in their heads an image of an idealized future, an image of themselves when they are already more successful, freer, and for them, choosing that other car was as if they are coming closer to this ideal in which it was as if Manya already saw them. 
Now, we live in times with a lot of information, big data, a lot of knowledge about the insides of our bodies. 
Let's say when we are facing a life-threatening illness, a lot of people don't want to know that. 
When we are ignorant about where we are heading, a lot of social damage can be caused. 
Why do we think that we are really such masters of our lives that we can rationally make the best ideal choices, that we don't accept losses and risks? 
First, I realized a lot of choice I make is not rational. 
Ominous music playing in the background, beads of sweat pouring down the surgeon's face. 
The first time I saw that I was watching a type of surgery called laparoscopic surgery And for those of you who are unfamiliar, laparoscopic surgery, instead of the large open incision you might be used to with surgery, a laparoscopic surgery is where the surgeon creates these three or more small incisions in the patient. 
But this problem should seem pretty familiar to all of you because I'm pretty sure you've seen it somewhere else. 
I was trying to explain to a friend of mine what exactly I was spending my time doing, and I said, "It's like when you're drilling through a wall to hang something in your apartment. 
A lot of neurosurgical procedures actually start with a drill incision through the skull. 
That's what I set out to do. 
So imagine you have a device and it's got some kind of sharp tip to cut through tissue. 
But it didn't always look like this. 
That first day in the operating room I never expected to find myself on the other end of a trocar. 
He was going to remove my appendix through these tiny incisions, and he was talking about what I could expect for the recovery, and what was going to happen. 
Many of these pieces are later on shown in museums, biennials, triennial exhibitions around the world. 
So I started gathering a lot of different types of material in my studio and just experimenting and trying this out, trying that out, and seeing what types of creatures I can come up with. 
I used a lot of computer cooling fans and just kind of put them together and see what happens. 
Slime mold grows at about one centimeter an hour, so it's not really ideal for live viewing unless there's some form of really extreme meditation, but through the time lapse, I could observe some really interesting behaviors. 
They introduced food at two points, oats of course, and it formed a connection between the food. It retracted from empty areas and dead ends. 
The slime mold had replicated the Tokyo transport network —  — a complex system developed over time by community dwellings, civil engineering, urban planning. 
And it is this continuous, synchronous oscillation within the cell that allows it to form quite a complex understanding of its environment, but without any large-scale control center. 
in this simple yet complex organism, and no matter what our disciplinary perspective or our mode of inquiry, there's a great deal that we can learn from observing and engaging with this beautiful, brainless blob. 
Please raise your hand if something applies to you. 
Have you ever made a small, weird sound when you remembered something embarrassing? 
Have you ever put on a pair of pants and then much later realized that there was a loose sock smushed up against your thigh? 
Have you ever misplaced your TED badge and then immediately started imagining what a three-day Vancouver vacation might look like? 
Have you ever lost the ability to imagine a future without a person that no longer was in your life? 
Pick up a place and focus on it. 
We set out to build a model that will cut down almost entirely the cost of higher education, and that's how we did it. 
Even professors, the most expensive line in any university balance sheet, come free to our students, over 3,000 of them, including presidents, vice chancellors, professors and academic advisors from top universities such as NYU, Yale, Berkeley and Oxford, came on board to help our students. 
We only offer two programs: business administration and computer science, the two programs that are most in demand worldwide, the two programs that are likeliest to help our students find a job. 
When our students are accepted, they are placed in a small classroom of 20 to 30 students to ensure that those who need personalized attention get it. 
I'm a molecular biologist by training, and I've seen a lot of these kinds of drawings. 
There's a problem with this drawing, though, and it's mainly in what it doesn't show. 
From lots of experiments, from lots of different scientists, we know a lot about what these molecules look like, how they move around in the cell, and that this is all taking place in an incredibly dynamic environment. 
These processes are too small to be seen directly, even with the best microscopes, so animations like this provide a really powerful way of visualizing a hypothesis. 
Molecular animations are unparalleled in their ability to convey a great deal of information to broad audiences with extreme accuracy. 
I know that other people in the world have far worse things to deal with, but for me, language and music are inextricably linked through this one thing. 
It might seem curious given that I spend a lot of my life on the stage. 
It's clunky, but you can get away with it, because over time I've developed this loophole method of using speech where right at the last minute you change the thing and you trick your brain. 
 When I was singing a lot of jazz, I worked a lot with a pianist whose name was Steve. 
So after a few instances of this, Steve happily became "Seve," and we got through it that way.  I've had a lot of therapy, and a common form of treatment is to use this technique that's called smooth speech, which is where you almost sing everything that you say. 
The problem is that inequality is at historic highs today and it's getting worse every day. 
Because if we do not do something to fix the glaring economic inequities in our society, the pitchforks will come for us, for no free and open society can long sustain this kind of rising economic inequality. 
Rising inequality doesn't just increase our risks from pitchforks, but it's also terrible for business too. 
When Ford famously introduced the $5 day, which was twice the prevailing wage at the time, he didn't just increase the productivity of his factories, he converted exploited autoworkers who were poor into a thriving middle class who could now afford to buy the products that they made. 
Raising wages increases demand, which increases hiring, which in turn increases wages and demand and profits, and that virtuous cycle of increasing prosperity is precisely what is missing from today's economic recovery. 
This 21st-century perspective also makes clear that what we think of as economic growth is best understood as the rate at which we solve problems. 
I earn 1,000 times the median wage, but I do not buy 1,000 times as much stuff, do I? 
Washington state is generating small business jobs at a higher rate than any other major state in the nation. 
There are a lot of dynamics at play. 
But can we please stop insisting that if low-wage workers earn a little bit more, unemployment will skyrocket and the economy will collapse? 
It is the claim made by those who oppose any increase in the minimum wage that if the poor get richer, that will be bad for the economy. 
So can we please dispense with this rhetoric that says that rich guys like me and my plutocrat friends made our country? 
Capitalism is the greatest social technology ever invented for creating prosperity in human societies, but capitalism, because of the fundamental multiplicative dynamics of complex systems, tends towards, inexorably, inequality, concentration and collapse. 
Programs like a reasonable minimum wage, affordable healthcare, paid sick leave, and the progressive taxation necessary to pay for the important infrastructure necessary for the middle class like education, R and D, these are indispensable tools shrewd capitalists should embrace to drive growth, because no one benefits from it like us. 
Donald and I were pregnant with our third child and we were at about 41 and a half weeks, what some of you may refer to as being overdue. 
 And at this point in the process we had to come in every couple of days to do a stress test on the baby, and this is just routine, it tests whether or not the baby is feeling any type of undue stress. 
Okay, so at this point the data is not convincing us that we need to be induced, and so then we proceed to have a conversation about how inductions lead to a higher rate of Cesarean sections, and if at all possible we'd like to avoid that. 
Now, what does that data look like? 
So from the beginning of the menstrual cycle till the beginning of the next. 
Clearly there is a low pattern at the beginning of her cycle and then you see this jump and then a higher set of temperatures at the end of her cycle. 
Well, ladies, at the beginning of our cycle, the hormone estrogen is dominant and that estrogen causes a suppression of your body temperature. 
You'll see the low temperature level and then a shift and for about five days, that's about the time it takes for the egg to travel down the fallopian tube and implant, and then you see those temperatures start to go up a little bit. 
Until a couple of days later I saw some spotting and then I noticed heavy blood flow, and we had in fact had an early stage miscarriage. 
And it's not just about temperatures and it's not just about fertility; we can use data about our bodies to tell us a lot of things. 
And so by collecting this data you can find out information about your thyroid. 
So you might have a lot of hormone present, but it might not be actively working to regulate your body temperature. 
When we lock someone up, that is no small thing. 
Eventually I decided, if I was going to end up in prison, I'd better end up on the right side of the bars, so I thought I'd check it out, take a tour of the place my dad worked, the McNeil Island Penitentiary. 
And just in case you wondered, they shared one toilet in those small confines. 
We put inmates in cells behind solid steel doors with cuff ports so we could restrain them and feed them. 
Even in prison, it's no small thing to lock someone up. 
Out of those conversations grew some new ideas and we started some small experiments. 
That small detail changed the way we worked. 
It's no small thing to change a prison system. 
These were small changes, and these changes created new possibilities. 
So next, I got reassigned as superintendent of a small prison. 
I interacted with a lot of people who were not like me, people who had different ideas and came from different backgrounds. 
She looked at my small prison and what she saw was a laboratory. 
Let me be clear on what's going on here, though. 
If we rely on just prisons to reduce crime, I'm afraid we'll never get there. 
Our strategy is hundreds of small changes that take place in days or months, not years. 
We need more small pilots where we learn as we go, pilots that change the range of possibility. 
Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., in a 1968 speech where he reflects upon the Civil Rights Movement, states, "In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies but the silence of our friends." 
In an effort to create a culture within my classroom where students feel safe sharing the intimacies of their own silences, I have four core principles posted on the board that sits in the front of my class, which every student signs at the beginning of the year: read critically, write consciously, speak clearly, tell your truth. 
When Christian was beat up for being gay, I put my hands in my pocket and walked with my head down as if I didn't even notice. 
Now, I will kindly ask those of you who have just fallen asleep to please wake up.  Why is it that the very word "civics" has such a soporific, even a narcoleptic effect on us? 
This is what I want to talk about today, and I want to start by defining some terms and then I want to describe the scale of the problem I think we face and then suggest the ways that I believe cities can be the seat of the solution. 
And as a result of this illiteracy, those few who do understand how power operates in civic life, those who understand how a bill becomes a law, yes, but also how a friendship becomes a subsidy, or how a bias becomes a policy, or how a slogan becomes a movement, the people who understand those things wield disproportionate influence, and they're perfectly happy to fill the vacuum created by the ignorance of the great majority. 
It can be something small, like where a street lamp should go, or something medium like which library should have its hours extended or cut, or maybe something bigger, like whether a dilapidated waterfront should be turned into a highway or a greenway, or whether all the businesses in your town should be required to pay a living wage. 
Well, Xcel fought back, and Xcel has now put in play a ballot measure that would undermine or undo this municipalization. 
Could you put into practice effectively what it is that you know? 
Civic imagination and innovation and creativity are emerging from local ecosystems now and radiating outward, and this great innovation, this great wave of localism that's now arriving, and you see it in how people eat and work and share and buy and move and live their everyday lives, this isn't some precious parochialism, this isn't some retreat into insularity, no. 
And so, for instance, consider the ways that strategies for making cities more bike-friendly have spread so rapidly from Copenhagen to New York to Austin to Boston to Seattle. 
Migrant workers from Rome to Los Angeles and many cities between are now organizing to stage strikes to remind the people who live in their cities what a day without immigrants would look like. 
In China, all across that country, members of the New Citizens' Movement are beginning to activate and organize to fight official corruption and graft, and they're drawing the ire of officials there, but they're also drawing the attention of anti-corruption activists all around the world. 
Let's talk about the journey, mainly about the future. 
I got permission in the end after about a year to basically do it as a side project. 
There was a lot of concern that people didn't want to pick it up because it would be too complicated. 
A lot of persuasion, a lot of wonderful collaboration with other people, and bit by bit, it worked. 
And in fact, a few years later in 2000, five percent of the world population were using the world wide web. 
But in fact, yeah, it's been a success, there's lots of things, Khan Academy for crying out loud, there's Wikipedia, there's a huge number of free e-books that you can read online, lots of wonderful things for education, things in many areas. 
So we cannot assume that part of the web, part of the deal with the web, is when I use the web, it's just a transparent, neutral medium. 
We revel in the fact that we have this wonderful free speech. 
I want a web where I can use healthcare with privacy and where there's a lot of health data, clinical data is available to scientists to do research. 
And I was amazed that she knew I was a Krosoczka, but Stephen is my uncle who is 20 years older than I am, and she had been his lunch lady when he was a kid. 
Well, that chance encounter inspired my imagination, and I created the Lunch Lady graphic novel series, a series of comics about a lunch lady who uses her fish stick nunchucks to fight off evil cyborg substitutes, a school bus monster, and mutant mathletes, and the end of every book, they get the bad guy with their hairnet, and they proclaim, "Justice is served!" 
The fact that some of the victims carried personal items such as toothpaste and a toothbrush is a clear sign they had no idea what was about to happen to them. 
During the four years of conflict that devastated the Bosnian nation in the early '90s, approximately 30,000 citizens, mainly civilians, went missing, presumed killed, and another 100,000 were killed during combat operations. 
Many of them get destroyed, believe it or not, or they get simply shelved, out of sight and out of mind. 
Then pollution takes its toll, mainly due to untreated sewage and chemical dumping from crafts such as tanning. 
With clean water, suddenly the uncovering of the river became possible, and with luck and actually a lot of pushing, my partner Takako Tajima and I were commissioned by the city to work with a team of engineers to uncover the river. 
It was for us to take our design ego and our sense of authorship and put it in the backseat and to focus mainly on being activists and on trying to coalesce all of the agendas of stakeholders and focus on the main goals of the project: that is, to uncover the river, treat its water, and provide public spaces for all. 
And finally, this is how the Rcif Plaza will look like when the project is completed. 
In 2008, I was working for the Ministry of Agriculture of Rwanda, and my boss had just been promoted to become the minister. 
For a small-scale farmer in the middle of Africa, the maths of doing those visits simply don't add up. 
Why would I buy insurance now?" 
Now many of you know microcredit, the method of providing small loans to poor people pioneered by Muhammad Yunus, who won the Nobel Peace Prize for his work with the Grameen Bank. 
How do you expect me to repay my loan?" 
We visited his farm later that August, and I wish I could show you the smile on his face when he showed us his harvest, because it warmed my heart and it made me realize why selling insurance can be a good thing. 
They may not have words to explain what it is that they're feeling, and they may not know. 
She was un-self-confident and shaky, but with the loving support of her family, a lot of a time, and their patience, now, three years later, she's actually a happy, confident cat. 
He was extremely happy to be with this rabbit. 
In fact, he was so protective and so affectionate with these babies that the sanctuary eventually had to take them away from him because he was so protective, he was worried that their mother might hurt them. 
This is legit. In fact, some interesting studies have pointed to oxytocin levels, which are a kind of bonding hormone that we release when we're having sex or nursing or around someone that we care for extremely, oxytocin levels raising in both humans and dogs who care about each other or who enjoy each other's company, and beyond that, other studies show that oxytocin raised even in other pairs of animals, 
When he returned, he started working with survivors of genocide and a lot of people who had gone through war trauma. 
This is them actually on the first day that they met, which is amazing, and since then, they've spent a lot of time together visiting with other veterans suffering from similar issues. 
And it's now not just the nuclear threat; in our interconnected world, network breakdowns can cascade globally; air travel can spread pandemics worldwide within days; and social media can spread panic and rumor literally at the speed of light. We fret too much about minor hazards — improbable air crashes, carcinogens in food, low radiation doses, and so forth — but we and our political masters are in denial about catastrophic scenarios. 
But if an event is potentially devastating, it's worth paying a substantial premium to safeguard against it, even if it's unlikely, just as we take out fire insurance on our house. 
Biologists should avoid release of potentially devastating genetically modified pathogens. 
How much worse is B than A? 
Now, I've spent the last 27 years of my life in India, lived in three small towns, two major cities, and I've had several experiences. 
At 19, I helped a friend whose parents had forcefully married her to an older man escape an abusive marriage. 
When I reported about these events, I felt I had charge, I felt like I had a channel to release all the emotions I had inside me. 
I went to a candlelight vigil where citizens gathered together to talk about the issue of sexual violence openly, and I recorded a lot of blogs in response to how worrying the situation was in India at that point. 
So after a lot of thought, I recorded a video blog in response, and I told Michaela, well, there are different sides to India, and I also tried to explain that things would be okay and I expressed my regret for what she had faced. 
as an active citizen journalist over the past few years, it is our dire lack as a society to actively find avenues where our voices can be heard. 
There is a sixfold increase in women reporting harassment, and the government passed the Criminal Law  Act in 2013 to protect women against sexual assault. 
As I end this talk, I just want to say that I know a lot of us in this room have our secrets, but let us speak up. 
Let us fight the shame and talk about it. 
But as we enter this era of big data, what we're beginning to find is there's a difference between more data being just better and more data being different, capable of changing the questions we want to ask, and this difference is not about how much data we collect, it's whether those data open new windows into our universe, whether they change the way we view the sky. 
So imagine if you were sitting in the mountains of northern Chile looking out to the west towards the Pacific Ocean a few hours before sunrise. 
but it's also a static view, and in many ways, this is the way we think of our universe: eternal and unchanging. 
This swarm of objects you see streaming across the sky are asteroids as they orbit our sun, and it's these changes and the motion and it's the dynamics of the system that allow us to build our models for our universe, to predict its future and to explain its past. 
We expect it to start taking data by the end of this decade. 
Well, you build the largest digital camera in history, using the same technology you find in the cameras in your cell phone or in the digital cameras you can buy in the High Street, but now at a scale that is five and a half feet across, about the size of a Volkswagen Beetle, where one image is three billion pixels. 
These are the asteroids we may one day send spacecraft to, to mine them for minerals, but they're also the asteroids that may one day impact the Earth, like happened 60 million years ago with the extinction of the dinosaurs, or just at the beginning of the last century, when an asteroid wiped out almost 1,000 square miles of Siberian forest, or even just last year, as one burnt up over Russia, 
releasing the energy of a small nuclear bomb. 
And as we increase the detail of this picture, increasing the detail by factors of 10 to 100, we will be able to answer questions such as, is there evidence for planets outside the orbit of Neptune, to find Earth-impacting asteroids long before they're a danger, and to find out whether, maybe, our sun formed on its own or in a cluster of stars, and maybe it's this sun's stellar siblings 
that influenced the formation of our solar system, and maybe that's one of the reasons why solar systems like ours seem to be so rare. 
Well, imagine if I gave you a pair of dice, and I said you wanted to see whether those dice were loaded or fair. 
It took three years to find just 42 supernovae because the telescopes that we built could only survey a small part of the sky. 
This will increase by 1,000 within the first four months: 1.5 million supernovae by the end of its survey, each supernova a roll of the dice, each supernova testing which theories of dark energy are consistent, and which ones are not. 
And so, by combining these supernova data with other measures of cosmology, we'll progressively rule out the different ideas and theories of dark energy until hopefully at the end of this survey around 2030, we would expect to hopefully see a theory for our universe, a fundamental theory for the physics of our universe, to gradually emerge. 
She is always happy and eternally young. 
People, of course, places, and the boundless energy of my youth, and I'm beginning to lose independence, and that scares me. 
I'm not stuck in the idea of who I was, who I want to be, or what other people expect me to be. 
I don't have to please men anymore, only animals. 
I'm aware that before, death was in the neighborhood. 
 So when you use the word "awesome" to describe the most mundane of things, you're taking away the very power of the word. 
Apollo 11. Are you kidding me? 
 That's one small step for a man, one giant leap for awesome! 
You can't even buy a freaking t-shirt for that now. 
The Internet was born in 1982 and it instantly took over global communication, and later tonight, when all these PowerPoints are uplifted to the Internet so that a guy in Siberia can get drunk and watch this crap, the Internet is awesome. 
And finally, finally some of you can't wait to come up and tell me how awesome my PowerPoint was. 
And my friend Martin Amis — sorry that I'll be doing a lot of name-dropping in this talk, so get used to it — my dear friend Martin Amis once said that we're about five Einsteins away from answering the mystery of where the universe came from. 
It was towards the end of the 17th century, the philosopher Leibniz who asked it, a very smart guy, Leibniz, who invented the calculus independently of Isaac Newton, at about the same time, but for Leibniz, who asked why is there something rather than nothing, this was not a great mystery. 
Maybe you're a scientific atheist or an unscientific atheist, and you don't believe in God, and you're not happy with it. 
And we think there's a lot of something out there but that's because we're enslaved by our desires. 
If we let our desires melt away, we'll see the world for what it truly is, a vacuity, nothingness, and we'll slip into this happy state of nirvana just enough life to enjoy being dead.  So that's the Buddhist thinking. 
What are we going to put in that blank? 
That tells us what naked reality really is, that reveals what I call TAUFOTU, the True And Ultimate Furniture Of The Universe. 
At the beginning of the week, we got the exciting information that the theory of inflation, which predicts a big, infinite, messy, arbitrary, pointless reality, it's like a big frothing champagne coming out of a bottle endlessly, a vast universe, mostly a wasteland with little pockets of charm and order and peace, this has been confirmed, this inflationary scenario, by the observations made by radio telescopes in Antarctica that looked at the signature of the gravitational waves 
you know, our existence would seem to be amazingly improbable, because there's an enormous number of genetically possible humans, if you can compute it by looking at the number of the genes and the number of alleles and so forth, and a back-of-the-envelope calculation will tell you there are about 10 to the 10,000th possible humans, genetically. 
So I think living in a generic reality that's mediocre, there are nasty bits and nice bits and we could make the nice bits bigger and the nasty bits smaller and that gives us a kind of purpose in life. 
I used to think, oh, okay, I get dressed up, I put on a lot of makeup, I go on television, I talk about the news. 
And at times, when we were like this, going on in the house that I imagined us to be like the German crew of a U-boat creeping along the edge of the ocean whilst up above, on the surface, HMS Bageye patrolled ready to drop death charges at the first sound of any disturbance. 
We were to be below the radar, so there was no communication, really, between Bageye and us and us and Bageye, and the sound that we most looked forward to, you know when you're a child and you want your father to come home and it's all going to be happy and you're waiting for that sound of the door opening. 
If you have seen some of the images of the Caribbean people arriving in the '40s and '50s, you might have noticed that a lot of the men wear trilbies. 
But such ardent watchfulness can lead to anxiety, so much so that years later, when I was investigating why so many young black men were diagnosed with schizophrenia, six times more than they ought to be, I was not surprised to hear the psychiatrist say, "Black people are schooled in paranoia." 
In that first reunion, it was very awkward and tense moments, and to lessen the tension, we decided to go for a walk. 
For an example, we can make a 300-tree forest in an area as small as the parking spaces of six cars. 
By installing a small hardware probe on site, we can do remote soil testing, using which we can give step-by-step instructions on forest-making remotely. 
So what does this different approach to healthcare look like, an approach that can improve health where it begins? 
"Let's get your vital signs" — measure your blood pressure and your heart rate, but let's also ask something equally as vital to Veronica and a lot of patients like her in South Los Angeles. 
You should understand that Veronica, like a lot of patients that I have the privilege of caring for, is a dignified person, a formidable presence, a personality that's larger than life, but here she was doubled over in pain sitting on my exam table. 
She lifted her head up, and I saw her face, said hello, and then I immediately noticed something across the bridge of her nose, a crease in her skin. 
In medicine, we call that crease the allergic salute. 
But more importantly, it was that we put in place a system that allowed us to routinely ask questions to Veronica and hundreds more like her about the conditions that mattered in her community, about where health, and unfortunately sometimes illness, do begin in places like South L.A. 
The important thing is, we put in place a system that worked, and it's an approach that I call an upstream approach. 
And she says back, "I'm going to find out who or what is throwing these children in the water." 
In healthcare, we have that first friend — we have the specialist, we have the trauma surgeon, the ICU nurse, the E.R. doctors. 
Now you might ask, and it's a very obvious question that a lot of colleagues in medicine ask: "Doctors and nurses thinking about transportation and housing? 
It's going to lower your risk of death from heart disease." 
A study in the U.K., a landmark study that reviewed the records of over 40 million residents in the U.K., looked at several variables, controlled for a lot of factors, and found that when trying to adjust the risk of heart disease, one's exposure to green space was a powerful influence. 
So it's clear that these factors, these upstream issues, do matter. 
The honest answer is that in healthcare, we often treat symptoms without addressing the conditions that make you sick in the first place. 
There are not nearly enough of that third friend, that person who is going to find out who or what is throwing those kids in the water. 
It's not so important what specific degree What's more important is that they all seem to share the same ability to implement a process that transforms their assistance, transforms the way they practice medicine. 
It's clear to me that there are so many stories of upstreamists who are doing remarkable things. 
And there are a lot of measures that we use for our success, but the main thing that we're interested in is making sure that we're changing the sense of confidence, that "don't ask, don't tell" metric among clinicians. 
To give you a feel for this idea, imagine the following scenario: You walk into your child's day care center. 
No, you seem to be thinking clearly, and your vision is perfectly sharp. 
When they get active, they need increased blood flow to supply that activity, and lucky for us, blood flow control to the brain is local, so if a bunch of neurons, say, right there get active and start firing, then blood flow increases just right there. 
So to give you a concrete feel for how a functional MRI experiment goes and what you can learn from it and what you can't, let me describe one of the first studies I ever did. 
We wanted to know if there was a special part of the brain for recognizing faces, and there was already reason to think there might be such a thing based on this phenomenon of prosopagnosia that I described a moment ago, but nobody had ever seen that part of the brain in a normal person, so we set out to look for it. 
But still, maybe this is something weird about my brain and no one else has one of these things in there, so to find out, we scanned a bunch of other people and found that pretty much everyone has that little face-processing region in a similar neighborhood of the brain. 
Next, I'll go through much more quickly some of the other specialized regions of the brain that we and others have found. 
So to do this, I've spent a lot of time in the scanner over the last month so I can show you these things in my brain. 
   In contrast, that same region does not respond strongly when you hear perfectly familiar sounds that don't have a clear pitch, like these. 
In my left hemisphere, there's a similar arrangement — not identical, but similar — and most of the same regions are in here, albeit sometimes different in size. 
They respond when you understand the meaning of a sentence, but not when you do other complex mental things, like mental arithmetic or holding information in memory or appreciating the complex structure in a piece of music. 
So that may seem crazy, but actually, we humans do this all the time. 
Well, I think the answer is that in addition to these highly specialized components that I've been describing, we also have a lot of very general- purpose machinery in our heads that enables us to tackle whatever problem comes along. 
These three tough little buggers are, on the left, my grandmother, age five, and then her sister and brother, ages 11 and nine. 
At first, I thought I wanted to go work abroad, so I took a job with UNICEF in Kenya. 
It's kind of hard to imagine the unbelievably magical feeling that you have when you get in this space. 
In 2011, we first released some of these images, and what was funny was, a lot of people said to us, "Oh, it kind of looks like the High Line underground." 
What was also clear was that people really wanted to know a lot more about how the technology would look and feel, and that there was really much more interest in this than we had ever thought possible. 
Notice how crowded the neighborhood still feels and how there's really a lack of green space. 
If we take all the Amazon, which is a very large area, and add it up to all that water that is released by transpiration, which is the sweat of the forest, we'll get to an incredible number: 20 billion metric tons of water. 
Any idea? A really big kettle. 
It's a bit dry and rough, but we are floating here, and there is this invisible river running above us. 
The green ocean has the same clean air, but forms a lot of rain. 
When humid air, high humidity and radiation are combined with these organic compounds, which I call exogenous vitamin C, generous vitamin C in the form of gas, the plants release antioxidants which react with pollutants. 
You can rest assured that you are breathing the purest air on Earth, here in the Amazon, because the plants take care of this characteristic as well. 
I started my way around six years ago with ironic self-portraits to lay open so many stereotypes about nationalities, genders, and social issues — ["I am Russian. I sell drugs, guns, porno with kids!"] ["Vodka = water. I love vodka!"]  — using photography as my tool to send a message. ["Marry me, I need a visa."] Today, I am still performing in front of the camera and trying to be brave like Wonder Woman. 
He hides his sensitivities and romantic side, because in Russia, among guys, that's not cool to be romantic, but it's cool to be surrounded with women and look like an aggressive hulk. 
Sometimes, I would compare facial features and playing with words: irony, Iron Man, ironing man. 
We're taught from childhood, successful marriage means successful life, so most of the girls kind of fight to get a good husband. 
But remember, irony is the key, and this is actually to motivate girls to fight for goals, for dreams, and change stereotypes. 
Please answer A, B or C. 
A, B or C? Please answer. 
  The chimps don't watch the evening news, so the chimps, they choose by random, so the Swedes answer worse than random. 
You shouldn't compare yourself to Swedes. 
Well, it's very clear that poverty here was almost halved, and in U.S., when we asked the public, only five percent got it right. 
These questions were a few of the first ones in the pilot phase of the Ignorance Project in Gapminder Foundation that we run, and it was started, this project, last year by my boss, and also my son, Ola Rosling.  He's cofounder and director, and he wanted, Ola told me when we fight devastating ignorance. 
So already the pilots reveal this, that so many in the public score worse than random, so we have to think about preconceived ideas, and one of the main preconceived ideas is about world income distribution. 
The challenge we have now is to get away from that, understand where the majority is, and that is very clearly shown in this question. 
Well, I like schools, but teachers tend to teach outdated worldviews, because they learned something when they went to school, and now they describe this world to the students and those books, of course, that are printed are outdated in a world that changes. 
And they are exaggerated, and especially things we're afraid of. 
So these three skewed sources of information were really hard to get away from. 
They kind of bombard us and equip our mind with a lot of strange ideas, and on top of it we put the very thing that makes us humans, our human intuition. 
It helped us exaggerate what we were afraid of, and we seek causality where there is none, and we then get an illusion of confidence where we believe that we are the best car drivers, above the average. 
We started the pilot last year, and now we're pretty sure that we will encounter a lot of ignorance across the whole world, and the idea is really to scale it up to all domains or dimensions of global development, such as climate, endangered species, human rights, gender equality, energy, finance. 
So as soon as I see a question about things I'm afraid of, which might be earthquakes, other religions, maybe I'm afraid of terrorists or sharks, anything that makes me feel, assume you're going to exaggerate the problem. 
Yeah, it's important to understand poverty, extreme poverty and how to fight it, and how to bring girls in school. 
I was in charge of the four-year-olds, which is good, because four-year-olds can't play sports, and neither can I. 
 I play sports at a four-year-old level, so what would happen is the kids would dribble around some cones, and then got hot, and then they would go sit underneath the tree where I was already sitting —  — and I would just make up stories and tell them to them and I would tell them stories about my life. 
And soon, other kids who weren't even in my group of kids, they would come up to me, and they would say, "You're Mac Barnett, right? 
And I had been waiting my whole life for strangers to come up and ask me that question. 
I think the pinnacle of this for me — I'll never forget this — there was this little girl named Riley. She was tiny, and she used to always take out her lunch every day and she would throw out her fruit. 
When I was a kid, I was obsessed with secret door novels, things like "Narnia," where you would open a wardrobe and go through to a magical land. 
And I was convinced that secret doors really did exist and I would look for them and try to go through them. 
I wanted to live and cross over into that fictional world, which is — I would always just open people's closet doors.  I would just go through my mom's boyfriend's closet, and there was not a secret magical land there. 
 And I was happy to tell her all about it. 
Or eyes, also in lots of colors, just glass eyes, depending on how you want to deal with that situation. 
Some great people have come up through our ranks. 
And Viking Odorant, which comes in lots of great scents: toenails, sweat and rotten vegetables, pyre ash. 
But there's a nonprofit behind it, and kids go through a door that says "Employees Only" and they end up in this space where they do homework and write stories and make films and this is a book release party where kids will read. 
There's a quarterly that's published with just writing that's done by the kids who come every day after school, and we have release parties and they eat cake and read for their parents and drink milk out of champagne glasses. 
If I'm going to break down the fourth wall, I want fiction to escape and come into the real world. 
He lives in San Francisco — very tough city to own a blue whale in. 
A lot of hills, real estate is at a premium. 
But underneath the jacket is this case, and that's the cover underneath the book, the jacket, and there's an ad that offers a free 30-day risk-free trial for a blue whale. 
  So what Eliot and the other kids who send these in get back is a letter in very small print from a Norwegian law firm —  — that says that due to a change in customs laws, their whale has been held up in Sognefjord, which is a very lovely fjord, and then it just kind of talks about Sognefjord and Norwegian food for a little while. It digresses. 
You find out all about him and the grandma that he loves and the grandma that he likes a little bit less —  — and the crossword puzzles that he does, and this is — I'll play you one more message from Nico. 
We prefabricated it so we would achieve economy, and there it is almost 50 years later. 
Could we actually achieve this quality of life in the densities that are prevailing today? 
A hundred years after we've begun building with tall buildings, we are yet to understand how the tall high-rise building becomes a building block in making a city, in creating the public realm. 
The air is dangerously polluted from the burning of coal and diesel. 
It's become a sprawling urban area dependent on dirty fuel, dirty energy, particularly coal. 
Over the next two decades, we'll see the demand for energy rise by 40 percent, and the growth in the economy and in the population is putting increasing pressure on our land, on our water and on our forests. 
If we think of those three areas that I have illustrated with my numbers — cities, energy, land — if we manage all that badly, then the outlook for the lives and livelihoods of the people around the world would be poor and damaged. 
It would lead to changing deserts, changing rivers, changing patterns of hurricanes, changing sea levels, hundreds of millions of people, perhaps billions of people who would have to move, and if we've learned anything from history, that means severe and extended conflict. 
And let me explain through those three key areas that I've identified: cities, energy and land. 
The cities that are going to be built — and there are many, and many big ones — we have to think of how to design them in a compact way so we can save travel time and we can save energy. 
Over the next 20 years, perhaps it will increase by another 40 percent or so. 
But then supermarkets started selling smaller, 11-centimeter pies, and suddenly, apple fell to fourth or fifth place. 
When you buy a 30-centimeter pie, the whole family has to agree, and apple is everyone's second favorite. 
 But when you buy an individual 11-centimeter pie, you can buy the one that you want. 
You can see something when you only had smaller amounts of it. 
In fact, you're probably sick of hearing the term big data. 
It is true that there is a lot of hype around the term, and that is very unfortunate, because big data is an extremely important tool by which society is going to advance. 
In the past, we used to look at small data and think about what it would mean to try to understand the world, and now we have a lot more of it, more than we ever could before. 
What we find is that when we have a large body of data, we can fundamentally do things that we couldn't do when we only had smaller amounts. 
It's a complete mystery, but the point is that this is what information used to look like 4,000 years ago. 
The disc that was discovered off of Crete that's 4,000 years old, is heavy, it doesn't store a lot of information, and that information is unchangeable. 
So he wrote a small sub-program alongside it operating in the background, and all it did was score the probability that a given board configuration would likely lead after every move. 
We changed the nature of the problem from one in which we tried to overtly and explicitly explain to the computer how to drive to one in which we say, "Here's a lot of data around the vehicle. 
Three of the traits were ones that people didn't need to look for, but that the machine spotted. 
Now, it's a term called predictive policing, or algorithmic criminology, and the idea is that if we take a lot of data, for example where past crimes have been, we know where to send the patrols. 
That makes sense, but the problem, of course, is that it's not simply going to stop on location data, it's going to go down to the level of the individual. 
Privacy was the central challenge in a small data era. 
In the big data age, the challenge will be safeguarding free will, moral choice, human volition, human agency. 
They made clear that a woman must not do a man's job. 
My colleagues' action was not the only death threat I have received, but it was the most dangerous one. 
Until a recent time, a lot of women were not allowed to work or pursue education. 
At times of such doubled war including both social restrictions on women and the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, women's dark and bright stories were fading away. 
For a moment, all I saw was white, bright white, like these lights. 
If you are like most people, death might be one of your greatest fears. 
I was afraid if I told them the truth, that they would die in terror, in fear, just grasping for those last moments of life. 
He simply laid back and had a look of acceptance on his face. 
Because of her, two children had a chance they never would have had otherwise and would go on to save lives in the medical field It would end up taking 45 minutes to free her from the vehicle. 
That's one preventable death every 20 seconds, 171 every hour, 4,100 every day. 
You've got these workers who have to sometimes go down into the pits and manually remove the contents. 
It's a dirty and dangerous business. 
And in some countries, like India, the lower castes are condemned to empty the pits, and they're further condemned by society. 
So at North Carolina State University, we challenged our students to come up with a simple solution, and this is what they came up with: a simple, modified screw auger that can move the waste up from the pit and into a collecting drum, and now the pit worker doesn't have to go down into the pit. 
And our idea is to make this a professionalized pit-emptying service so that we can create a small business out of it, create profits and jobs, and the hope is that, as we are rethinking sanitation, we are extending the life of these pits so that we don't have to resort that don't really make sense. 
We need to stop the practice of lower castes and lower-status people going down and being condemned to empty pits. 
Hundreds of Cuban doctors volunteered for disaster response, but when they got there, they found a bigger disaster: whole communities with no healthcare, doors bolted shut on rural hospitals for lack of staff, and just too many babies dying before their first birthday. 
Tuition, room and board, and a small stipend were offered to hundreds of students from the countries hardest hit by the storms. 
Just two Garífuna doctors had preceded them in all of Honduran history. Now there are 69, thanks to ELAM. 
They spoke easily to each other in Spanish and listened to their patients in Creole thanks to Haitian medical students flown in from ELAM in Cuba. 
Hundreds of Haitian graduates had to pick up the pieces, overcome their own heartbreak, and then pick up the burden of building a new public health system for Haiti. 
It means that you have to be recognized for using the greatness in you to achieve and sustain extraordinary outcomes by engaging the greatness in others. 
Put in other language, it means you have to use your skills and talents and abilities to help the organization achieve its strategic financial goals and do that by working effectively with others inside of the organization and outside. 
Five years ago, I was asked to moderate a panel of executives, and the topic for the evening was "What do you look for in high-potential employees?" 
They said, "We look for people who are smart and hard working and committed and trustworthy and resilient." 
They said, "We look for employees who are great with our customers, who empower their teams, who negotiate effectively, who are able to manage conflict well, and are overall great communicators." 
So you would think that she's getting through the talent development systems and performance management systems that let her know how important it is to develop business, strategic and financial acumen, but here again, that green square is quite small. 
So we don't want to put 100 percent of the responsibility on women's shoulders, nor would it be wise to do so, and here's why: In order for companies to achieve their strategic financial goals, executives understand that they have to have everyone pulling in the same direction. 
And if you think about what I've just shared, that you have situations where at least 50 percent of your middle managers haven't received clear messaging that they have to become focused on the business, where it's headed, and their role in taking it there, it's not surprising that that percentage of executives who are confident about alignment is so low, which is why there are other people who have a role to play in this. 
It's important for directors on boards to expect from their executives proportional pools of women when they sit down once a year for their succession discussions. 
Tonya emailed me two months ago, and she said that she had been interviewed for a new position, and during the interview, they probed about her business acumen and her strategic insights into the industry, and she said that she was so happy to report that now she has a new position reporting directly to the chief information officer at her company. 
So for some of you, the missing 33 percent is an idea for you to put into action, and I hope that for all of you, you will see it as an idea worth spreading in order to help organizations be more effective, to help women create careers that soar, and to help close the gender gap at the top. 
I've given a lot of children's concerts for children of seven and eight years old, and whatever I play, whether it's Bach, Beethoven, even Stockhausen, or some jazzy music, they are open to hear it, really willing to listen, and they are comfortable doing so. 
And when classes come in with children who are just a few years older, 11, 12, I felt that I sometimes already had trouble in reaching them like that. 
So I've been working on the history of income and wealth distribution for the past 15 years, and one of the interesting lessons coming from this historical evidence is indeed that, in the long run, there is a tendency for the rate of return of capital to exceed the economy's growth rate, and this tends to lead to high concentration of wealth. 
It has more to do with changing supply and demand for skill, the race between education and technology, globalization, probably more unequal access to skills in the U.S., where you have very good, very top universities but where the bottom part of the educational system is not as good, so very unequal access to skills, and also an unprecedented rise of top managerial compensation of the United States, which is difficult to account for just on the basis of education. 
One has to do with the total quantity of wealth that we accumulate, and there is nothing bad per se, of course, in accumulating a lot of wealth, and in particular if it is more diffuse and less concentrated. 
Let me first say that probably the best model to explain why wealth is so much more concentrated than income is a dynamic, dynastic model where individuals have a long horizon and accumulate wealth for all sorts of reasons. 
But it will be very difficult to explain why you have so much more wealth inequality than income inequality with a pure life cycle model, so you need a story where people also care about wealth accumulation for other reasons. 
So there must be other reasons for accumulating wealth than just life cycle to explain what we see in the data. 
So if you look at this, these are the best estimates we have of world GDP growth and rate of return on capital, average rates of return on capital, so you can see that during most of the history of mankind, the growth rate was very small, much lower than the rate of return, and then during the 20th century, it is really the population growth, very high in the postwar period, 
and the reconstruction process that brought growth to a smaller gap with the rate of return. 
It could be that we all start having a lot of children in the future, and the growth rates are going to be higher, but from now on, these are the best projections we have, and this will make global growth decline and the gap between the rate of return go up. 
Just to give you one example, this comes from the Forbes billionaire rankings over the 1987-2013 period, and you can see the very top wealth holders have been going up at six, seven percent per year in real terms above inflation, whereas average income in the world, average wealth in the world, have increased at only two percent per year. 
We need a global registry of financial assets, more coordination on wealth taxation, and even wealth tax with a small tax rate will be a way to produce information so that then we can adapt our policies to whatever we observe. 
And to some extent, the fight against tax havens and automatic transmission of information is pushing us in this direction. 
When inequality gets too extreme, then it becomes useless for growth and it can even become bad because it tends to lead to high perpetuation of inequality over time and low mobility. 
BG: I said at the beginning that your book has been criticized. 
TP: Well, I answer that I am very happy that this book is stimulating debate. 
In fact, I certainly agree transparency about wealth dynamics, and a good way to have better data would be to have a wealth tax with a small tax rate to begin with so that we can all agree about this important evolution and adapt our policies to whatever we observe. 
Now, that sounds completely ridiculous to us now, but Galen was simply trying to explain something about sleep that we all deal with every day. 
But while we know a great deal more about sleep now than when Galen was around, we still haven't understood why it is that sleep, of all of our activities, has this incredible restorative function for the mind. 
The blood vessels form a complex network that fills the entire brain volume. 
But if you look really closely at this diagram, you'll see something that doesn't make a lot of sense. 
But that doesn't make a lot of sense, does it? 
So the brain has this large pool of clean, clear fluid called cerebrospinal fluid. 
Instead, the CSF was pumped back into along the outsides of the blood vessels, and as it flushed down into the brain along the outsides of these vessels, it was actually helping to clear away, to clean the waste from the spaces between the brain's cells. 
Yet in the same animal, if we wait just a little while until it's gone to sleep, what we see is that the CSF is rushing through the brain, and we discovered that at the same time when the brain goes to sleep, the brain cells themselves seem to shrink, opening up spaces in between them, allowing fluid to rush through and allowing waste to be cleared out. 
Our own research, now it's 2,000 years later, when the brain is awake and is at its most busy, it puts off clearing away the waste from the spaces between its cells until later, and then, when it goes to sleep and doesn't have to be as busy, it shifts into a kind of cleaning mode to clear away the waste from the spaces between its cells, the waste that's accumulated throughout the day. 
So it's actually a little bit like how you or I, we put off our household chores during the work week when we don't have time to get to it, and then we play catch up on all the cleaning that we have to do when the weekend rolls around. 
A series of recent clinical studies who haven't yet developed Alzheimer's disease, worsening sleep quality and sleep duration are associated with a greater amount of amyloid-beta building up in the brain, and while it's important to point out that these studies don't prove that lack of sleep or poor sleep cause Alzheimer's disease, they do suggest that the failure of the brain to keep its house clean by clearing away waste like amyloid-beta 
While our body is still and our mind is off walking in dreams somewhere, the elegant machinery of the brain is quietly hard at work cleaning and maintaining this unimaginably complex machine. 
Like our housework, it's a dirty and a thankless job, but it's also important. 
But in the brain, the consequences of falling behind may be much greater than the embarrassment of dirty countertops, because when it comes to cleaning the brain, it is the very health and function of the mind and the body that's at stake, which is why understanding these very basic housekeeping functions of the brain today may be critical for preventing and treating diseases of the mind tomorrow. 
So better access to information should lead to a conversation about what we're going to do next, and DemocracyOS allows for that. 
It suddenly became very easy for us to simply compare these results with how our representatives were voting in Congress. 
So it suddenly became a bit obvious that if we wanted to move forward with this idea, we needed to do it ourselves. 
And yet, you and I, my colleagues in Washington, we endlessly debate and discuss about development aid, while we ignore remittances as small change. 
And in poorer countries, smaller countries, fragile countries, conflict-afflicted countries, remittances are a lifeline, as in Somalia or in Haiti. 
Unlike development aid money, that must go through official agencies, through governments, remittances directly reach the poor, reach the family, and often with business advice. 
And then there is the case of Venezuela, where, because of exchange controls, you send 100 dollars and you are lucky if the family on the other side receives even 10 dollars. 
And yet, these faster, cheaper, better options can't be applied internationally because of the fear of money laundering, even though there is little data to support any connection, any significant connection between money laundering and these small remittance transactions. 
And yet, this is an example of the right hand giving a lot of aid, while the left hand is cutting the lifeblood to that economy, through regulations. 
Governments should recognize that small remittances are not money laundering. 
They should create a nonprofit remittance platform to serve the money transfer companies so that they can send money at a low cost, while complying with all the complex regulations all over the world. 
If we reduce costs to one percent, that would release a saving of 30 billion dollars per year. 
If a country were to come and offer a three percent or four percent interest rate, and then say that the money would be used for building schools, roads, airports, train systems in the country of origin, a lot of migrants would be interested in parting with their money because it's not only financial gains that give them an opportunity to stay engaged with their country's development. 
I would love to invest in a bullet train system in India and I would love to contribute to efforts to fight malaria in my village. 
And, I'm still striving to be a poet for the hardworking migrants and their struggle to break free of the cycle of poverty. 
It entails an individual who, thinking they're alone, engages in some expressive behavior — wild singing, gyrating dancing, some mild sexual activity — only to discover that, in fact, they are not alone, that there is a person watching and lurking, the discovery of which causes them to immediately cease what they were doing in horror. 
The very same Eric Schmidt, the CEO of Google, ordered his employees at Google to cease speaking with the online Internet magazine CNET after CNET published an article full of personal, private information about Eric Schmidt, which it obtained exclusively through Google searches and using other Google products.  This same division can be seen with the CEO of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg, who in an infamous interview in 2010 pronounced that privacy is no longer a "social norm." 
I get out a pen, I write down my email address. 
I check and —  I check that email account religiously all the time. 
But equally essential to what it means to be a free and fulfilled human being is to have a place that we can go and be free of the judgmental eyes of other people. 
This realization was exploited most powerfully for pragmatic ends by the 18th- century philosopher Jeremy Bentham, who set out to resolve an important problem ushered in by the industrial age, where, for the first time, institutions had become so large and centralized that they were no longer able to monitor and therefore control each one of their individual members, and the solution that he devised was an architectural design originally intended to be implemented in prisons 
The other really destructive and, I think, even more insidious lesson that comes from accepting this mindset is there's an implicit bargain that people who accept this mindset have accepted, and that bargain is this: If you're willing to render yourself sufficiently harmless, sufficiently unthreatening to those who wield political power, then and only then can you be free of the dangers of surveillance. 
Equally critical is that the measure of how free a society is is not how it treats its good, obedient, compliant citizens, but how it treats its dissidents and those who resist orthodoxy. 
There are a lot of things going on in that sense. 
People who want to enrich themselves do it secretly by selling secrets to the government, but I think there's one important point worth making, which is, that accusation comes from people in the U.S. government, from people in the media who are loyalists to these various governments, and I think a lot of times when people make accusations like that about other people — "Oh, he can't really be doing this 
for principled reasons, he must have some corrupt, nefarious reason" — they're saying a lot more about themselves than they are the target of their accusations, because —  — those people, the ones who make that accusation, they themselves never act for any reason other than corrupt reasons, so they assume that everybody else is plagued by the same disease of soullessness as they are, and so that's the assumption. 
The city of L.A., a city of four million people, elected its mayor with just a bit over 200,000 votes. 
And lastly, perhaps most importantly, cities, with the incredible wealth of relations that they enable, could be the ideal places for human happiness to flourish. 
Instead, countries where urbanization has already peaked seem to be the very countries in which cities have stopped making us happy. 
The United States population has suffered from a general decrease in happiness for the past three decades, and the main reason is this. 
Many studies show an increase in solitude and a decrease in solidarity, honesty, and social and civic participation. 
Well, I believe that if we want to change what our cities look like, then we really have to change the decision-making processes that have given us the results that we have right now. 
People are tired of only being treated as empowered individuals every few years when it's time to delegate that power to someone else. 
In that process, she found out that first, she was not alone. 
These stories make me happy, but not just because they have happy endings. 
They make me happy because they are happy beginnings. 
We have already started doing it in São Paulo with incredible results, and want to take it to cities around the world through a network of citizen-centric, citizen-led organizations that can inspire us, challenge us, and remind us to demand real participation in our city lives. 
So imagine that a plane is about to crash with 250 children and babies, and if you knew how to stop that, would you? 
Now imagine that 60 planes full of babies under five crash every single day. 
Please shake their hands. 
Children pick up disease in the place that's supposed to love them and protect them the most, in their homes. 
Every second in Asia and Africa, 111 mothers will buy this bar to protect their family. 
Just for a minute, imagine when they put all their forces behind a message as powerful as handwashing with soap. 
In short, those that fight for public health are actually dependent upon the soap companies to keep promoting handwashing with soap. 
Without it, and without talking about it, we cannot achieve the change that we need. 
Last week, my team and I spent time visiting mothers that have all experienced the same thing: the death of a newborn. 
I'm a mom. I can't imagine anything more powerful and more painful. This one is from Myanmar. 
And next time you think of a gift for a new mom and her family, don't look far: buy her soap. 
Her lifestyle was almost free of risk. 
We do it by detecting a set of very small molecules that circulate freely in our blood called microRNAs. 
To explain what microRNAs are and their important role in cancer, I need to start with proteins, because when cancer is present in our body, protein modification is observed in all cancerous cells. 
So microRNAs are small molecules that regulate gene expression. 
Unlike DNA, which is mainly fixed, microRNAs can vary depending on internal and environmental conditions at any given time, telling us which genes are actively expressed at that particular moment. 
And that is what makes microRNAs such a promising biomarker for cancer, because as you know, cancer is a disease of altered gene expression. 
However, the problem with microRNAs is that we cannot use existing DNA-based technology to detect them in a reliable way, because they are very short sequences of nucleotides, much smaller than DNA. 
So imagine trying to differentiate two molecules, extremely similar, extremely small. 
Then, if we take this specific pattern of microRNA of this person's samples and compare it with existing scientific documentation that correlates microRNA patterns with a specific presence of a disease, this is how pancreatic cancer looks like. 
Today, cancer detection happens mainly when symptoms appear. 
He took his high school diploma, and later he told me why. 
His classroom sometimes shook with the sound of bombs and shelling, and his mother told me, "Every day, I would say to him every morning, 'Honey, please don't go to school.'" And when he insisted, she said, "I would hug him as if it were for the last time." 
Over and well over three million people have crossed the borders and have found sanctuary in the neighboring countries, and only a small proportion, as you see, have moved on to Europe. 
Why? Because it allows them to think of their future rather than the nightmare of their past. 
It allows them to think of hope rather than hatred. 
Refugees have a lot of time to prepare for their return. 
You might imagine that being a refugee is just a temporary state. 
We should think of refugee camps and communities as more than just temporary population centers where people languish waiting for the war to end. 
And imagine living in this camp. 
We would love to help him go to university and to become an engineer, but our funds are prioritized for the basics in life: tents and blankets and mattresses and kitchen sets, food rations and a bit of medicine. 
Paralysis had closed over his body slowly, beginning in his toes, then legs, torso, fingers and arms. 
Everything in our world became slow and tender as the din, drama and death of the hospital ward faded into the background. 
At first, I thought it was my own hallucination, having spent so much time tending to this one body, so desperate to see anything react on its own. 
But it also taps into a lot of our deepest fears, and about 30 years ago, the culture critic Neil Postman wrote a book called "Amusing Ourselves to Death," which lays this out really brilliantly. 
Now, there's a group of data scientists out of the University of Illinois-Chicago, and they're called the Health Media Collaboratory, and they've been working with the Centers for Disease Control to better understand how people talk about quitting smoking, how they talk about electronic cigarettes, and what they can do collectively to help them quit. 
And there are so many different ways that people do this, and you can see from the slide it's a complex kind of a query. 
And what it reminds us is that language is created by people, and people are messy and we're complex and we use metaphors and slang and jargon and we do this 24/7 in many, many languages, and then as soon as we figure it out, we change it up. 
And what I admire and appreciate about this project, aside from the fact, including the fact that it's based on real human need, is that it's a fantastic example of courage in the face of a sea of irrelevance. And so it's not just big data that causes challenges of interpretation, because let's face it, of taking any amount of data, no matter how small, and screwing it up. 
He actually meant to quote John Adams' defense of British soldiers in the Boston Massacre trials that facts are stubborn things. 
But I actually think there's a bit of accidental wisdom in what he said, because facts are stubborn things, but sometimes they're stupid, too. 
Communication was hard for Isaac, and so he found a workaround to find out what he needed to know. 
And when you think about it, it makes a lot of sense, because forming a question is a really complex process, but he could get himself a lot of the way there by putting a word in a search box. 
And this means teaching ourselves to find those confirmation biases and false correlations and being able to spot a naked emotional appeal from 30 yards, because something that happens after something doesn't mean it happened because of it, necessarily, and if you'll let me geek out on you for a second, the Romans called this "post hoc ergo propter hoc," after which therefore because of which. 
And since we have this data, we need to treat it with appropriate privacy controls and consumer opt-in, and beyond that, we need to be clear about our hypotheses, the methodologies that we use, and our confidence in the result. 
I vividly remember being woken up in the middle of the night and gathering the few belongings we could and walking for about two hours to a safe house. 
Let me make it a bit more concrete. 
You call the central bank governor and you say, "Please double the money supply." 
This is the stereotype of the typical African leader that we typically think of: Mobutu Sese Seko from Zaire, Sani Abacha from Nigeria. 
I believe that the next generation to come after this, generation four, has a unique opportunity to transform the continent. 
Today, we have 700 of them that are being groomed for the African continent, and over the next 50 years, we expect to create 6,000 of them. 
So think of this as Africa's Ivy League, but instead of getting admitted because of your SAT scores or because of how much money you have or which family you come from, the main criteria for getting into this university will be what is the potential that you have for transforming Africa? 
Pregnant women in Uruguay buy better food and give birth to healthier babies. 
It's spreading so quickly that it's possible to imagine reaching billions of the world's poor this way. 
Something that five years ago would have seemed impossible we can now do efficiently and free of corruption. 
Of course, giving cash won't create public goods like eradicating disease or building strong institutions, but it could set a higher bar for how we help individual families improve their lives. 
I am also absolutely certain that a lot of aid today isn't better than giving directly to the poor. 
They tried every drug, every other treatment they could think of. 
Every year we give out 10 prizes. 
Whatever it is, there's something about it that when people encounter it at first, their only possible reaction is to laugh. 
That's the quality we look for. 
These are always handmade from extremely cheap materials. 
And there were some difficulties at first. The basic problem, I'm sure you're familiar with, that you're looking inside a long, narrow, dark place. 
The gas that they used at first, in many cases, was oxygen. 
And then they wanted to be able to see, they needed light, so they'd put in a light source, which in the 1950s was very hot. 
one to save the life of some lucky bystander.  Why would someone do this, you might wonder. 
And they later discovered that a lot of the worst medical problems came from the particles people breathed in. 
She came to the Ig Nobel ceremony with the first prototype of the bra and she demonstrated:   ["Paul Krugman, Nobel laureate  in economics"] ["Wolfgang Ketterle, Nobel laureate  in physics"] I myself own an emergency bra.  It's my favorite bra, but I would be happy to share it with any of you, should the need arise. 
This spotted eagle ray is a fairly common sight in the oceans. 
We did a lot of science, and again, because of the luxury of time, we were able to do over three years of science in 31 days. 
But the point of adventure is not only to learn, it's to be able to share that knowledge with the world, and with that, thanks to a couple of engineers at MIT, we were able to use a prototype camera called the Edgertronic to capture slow-motion video, up to 20,000 frames per second in a little box that's worth 3,000 dollars. 
But what this gives us is the foresight to look at and analyze in scientific and engineering terms some of the most amazing behavior that the human eye just can't pick up, such as this manta shrimp trying to catch its prey, within about .3 seconds. 
As citizens of a planet in trouble, to deal with the dramatic loss in diversity of life. 
But as humans with hearts, we can all rejoice in the unity of life, and perhaps we can change what once happened in that sacred cave. 
Throughout this time, I also studied many laws, I talked to many people, I read up on many cases, and I found that the lack of justness is not just a problem in Afghanistan, but it's a global problem. 
And the third problem with achieving justness is that even with good, existing laws on the books, there aren't people or lawyers that are willing to fight for those laws. 
Protecting Naghma and her right to be free protects us. 
And I'm happy to say that as of a few days ago, the Afghan government formally invited him back into the country and they reversed their exile order of him. 
Child marriages prolong the vicious cycle of poverty, poor health, lack of education. 
They used pliers to take out her fingernails. 
After having worked in Afghanistan for over six years now, a lot of my family and friends think that what I do looks like this. 
I'm not saying we should all buy a plane ticket and go to Afghanistan, but we can all be contributors to a global human rights economy. 
And by doing this, we can achieve justness together. 
But before I do that, I want to tell you a bit about where it came from, what motivated it. 
It's a bit uncomfortable to fly, probably also for the operator. 
The other problem is regulations, or rather, the lack of good regulation. 
For many good reasons, it's just difficult to come up with common sense laws to regulate flying cameras. 
We have to come up with responsible solutions that address the privacy issues and the safety, accountability issues but still give us that perspective. 
You don't have to look for someone controlling it. 
So I did get my treatment at the cancer center where I worked, which was amazingly convenient, and I had chemotherapy and a mastectomy, and a saline implant put in, and so before I say another word, let me just say right now, this is the fake one.  I have found that I need to get that out of the way, because I'll see somebody go "Oh, I know it's this one." 
I learned a lot being a patient, and one of the surprising things was that only a small part of the cancer experience is about medicine. 
It's about realizing that the most important things in life are not things at all, but relationships, and it's about laughing in the face of uncertainty and learning that the way to get out of almost anything is to say, "I have cancer." 
And keep in mind that at this point in my life I had been a chaplain for over 20 years, and issues like dying and death and the meaning of life, these are all things I'd been yakking about forever. 
Maybe we make one small decision about our lives that can bring about big change. 
He lived by himself, he would come in for chemotherapy by himself, he would receive his treatment, and then he'd walk home alone. 
It got her a lot of attention. 
Maybe it would be the end of being trapped in our wounds and the beginning of amazing self-exploration and discovery and growth. 
in some cultures, if you want to please your lover, you call them and hang up.  So why do people leave missed calls? 
And at that time, it was the best way to get a message to a lot of people all at once. 
How can we describe it and give it a framework that makes it more useful? 
And so, it's not at all clear that new power will be the inevitable victor. 
That said, keep one thing in mind: We're at the beginning of a very steep curve. 
Once you have an experience of new power, you tend to expect and want more of it. 
And this is an early sketch at what new power values look like. 
So we've spent a bit of time thinking, how can we plot organizations on a two-by-two where, essentially, we look at new power values and new power models and see where different people sit? 
And not just that. There's James. He's an architect and he's a professor, and he loves place-making, and place-making is when you have those mini-plazas and those urban walkways and where they're dotted with art, where people draw and come up and talk sometimes. 
You can't buy that. 
What I'm asking you to consider is what kind of opportunity- makers we might become, because more than wealth or fancy titles or a lot of contacts, it's our capacity to connect around each other's better side and bring it out. 
It's the unexpected things that you devise later on you never could have predicted. 
A lot of people who work there are members at my courts. 
I truly believe, in my firsthand experience, the world is hungry for us to unite together as opportunity-makers and to emulate those behaviors as so many of you already do — I know that firsthand — and to reimagine a world where we use our best talents together more often to accomplish greater things together than we could on our own. 
So the first campaign I got involved with started here in 2003 to change Brazil's gun law and to create a program to buy back weapons. 
In just a few years, we not only changed national legislation that made it much more difficult for civilians to buy a gun, but we collected and destroyed almost half a million weapons. 
It may seem obvious, but a key ingredient to civil society diplomacy is first changing and then controlling the narrative. 
The televised death and march had a huge impact on public opinion. 
My fourth insight is: Don't be afraid to bring together odd bedfellows. 
It's a lot of people who have died unnecessarily. 
I am going to talk about gigantic trees that we put in nine strategic pathways in the jungle covered with Christmas lights. 
Well, we got 331, which is okay, but we also know that not a lot of guerrillas saw them, but we know that a lot of guerrillas heard about them, and we know this because we are constantly talking to demobilized guerrillas. 
Four years before the trees, we were approached by the government to help them come up with a communications strategy to get as many guerrillas as we could out of the jungle. 
She had been recruited when she was 15, and she left when she was 17, so there were a lot of other complications, but they did eventually meet. 
I don't know if they're together now, but I can find out.  But what I can tell you is that our radio strategy was working. 
It was not working with the commanders, the people that are more difficult to replace, because you can easily recruit but you can't get the older commanders. 
And I get very emotional when I remember him because he was killed later in combat and we really miss him, but I wanted you all to see him, because he was really, really important. 
What happened later is that the guerrillas who came out during the Christmas tree operation and all of that said, "That's really good, Christmas trees are really cool, but you know what? We really don't walk anymore. 
And we sent thousands of these down the rivers, and then picked them up later if they weren't. 
When I get out of this, am I going to be rejected?" 
And these pictures were placed in many different places, and a lot of them came back, and it was really, really beautiful. 
And what we did was tell the guerrillas, "Come, get out of the jungle. We're saving a place for you." 
The soldier here in the commercial says, "I'm saving a place for you right here in this helicopter so that you can get out of this jungle and go enjoy the World Cup." 
I don't want to say in any way that it only has to do with what we do, but what I do know is that our work and the work that we do may have helped a lot of them start thinking about demobilization, and it may have helped a lot of them take the final decision. 
And I speak not only my behalf, but on behalf of all the colleagues I see here who work in advertising, and of all the team that has worked with me to do this, that if you want to change the world, or if you want to achieve peace, please call us. 
Now, let's go back again to that first plant I showed you, the one, of course, with different-shaped leaves and different sizes, Terminalia bentzoe, subspecies bentzoe, a plant only found in Mauritius. 
Now, one thing I must point out straightaway is that not all plants can be developed in vitro. 
While we humans, we are happy in our comfort zone, these plants also need their ecosystem to be preserved, and they don't react — endemic plants don't react to very harsh changes in their ecosystem, and yet we know what are the challenges that climate change, for example, is posing to these plants. 
It defines the landscape of West Africa, where it is known as the tree of life, and later on I will tell you why the Africans consider it to be the tree of life. 
Now, Centella asiatica grows across the world in many different habitats — in Africa, in Asia — and this plant has been instrumental in providing a solution to that dreadful disease called leprosy in Madagascar in the 1940s. 
Now, there is an ancient saying that for every disease known to mankind, there is a plant to cure it. 
The more complex the problem, the more the need for simplicity. 
We were asked to accommodate 100 families that had been occupying illegally half a hectare in the center of the city of Iquique in the north of Chile using a $10,000 subsidy with which we had to buy the land, provide the infrastructure, and build the houses that, in the best of the cases, would be of around 40 square meters. 
What we said was, what if, instead of thinking of 40 square meters as a small house, why don't we consider it half of a good one? 
When you rephrase the problem as half of a good house instead of a small one, the key question is, which half do we do? 
We were given 100 days, three months, to design almost everything, from public buildings to public space, street grid, transportation, housing, and mainly how to protect the city against future tsunamis. 
Thirty million dollars spent mainly in land expropriation. 
It is mainly trying to identify with precision what is the right question. 
There is nothing worse than answering well the wrong question. 
So it was pretty obvious after this process that, well, we chicken out here and go away because it's too tense, or we go even further in asking, what else is bothering you? 
 DU: So the last day of filming, we ended up in Vila Cruzeiro, and we were sitting down and we had a drink, and we were overlooking this hill with all these houses, and most of these houses looked unfinished, and they had walls of bare brick, but we saw some of these houses which were plastered and painted, and suddenly we had this idea: what would it look like if all these houses would be plastered and painted? 
Who would expect something like that in a place like this? 
You know, you have to imagine the kite."  And they said, "No, no, no, we want to see the kite." 
There's probably never been a drug-free society. 
Virtually every society has ingested psychoactive substances to deal with pain, increase our energy, socialize, even commune with God. 
Put it this way, and I exaggerate only slightly: If the principal smokers of cocaine were affluent older white men and the principal consumers of Viagra were poor young black men, then smokable cocaine would be easy to get with a prescription from your doctor and selling Viagra would get you five to 10 years behind bars. 
It's good people who have lost their jobs, their homes, their freedom, even their children to the state, not because they hurt anyone but solely because they chose to use one drug instead of another. 
People tend to think of prohibition as the ultimate form of regulation when in fact it represents the abdication of regulation with criminals filling the void. 
I think it's going to be older people. 
Look at Switzerland, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark, England, where people who have been addicted to heroin for many years and repeatedly tried to quit and failed can get pharmaceutical heroin and helping services in medical clinics, and the results are in: Illegal drug abuse and disease and overdoses and crime and arrests all go down, health and well-being improve, taxpayers benefit, and many drug users even put their addictions behind them. 
Look in Bolivia and Peru, where all sorts of products made from the coca leaf, the source of cocaine, are sold legally over the counter with no apparent harm to people's public health. 
Yet in my country and many others, half of all the people who were ever addicted to cigarettes have quit without anyone being arrested or put in jail or sent to a "treatment program" by a prosecutor or a judge. 
But just imagine the drug war nightmare So the challenges we face today are twofold. 
It's our fears and our lack of knowledge and imagination that stands in the way of real reform. 
There's other people who have kids, one's addicted to alcohol, the other one's addicted to cocaine or heroin, and they ask themselves the question: Why does this kid get to take one step at a time and try to get better and that one's got to deal with jail and police and criminals all the time? 
CA: Ethan, thank you so much for coming to TEDGlobal. EN: Chris, thanks so much. 
We published all those films for free on the Internet, and we wanted to share all those films and represent music in a different way. 
After a while, I got a bit — I wanted to go somewhere else. 
As soon as people understood that I would give them those films — I would publish them online for free under a Creative Commons license, but I would also really give them to the people and I would let them do what they want with it. 
I am French. I had no idea about what I would discover, which is a very simple thing: Everything was sacred, at first, and music was spiritual healing. 
I mean, you edited the ones for us at the beginning of the sessions because of the length, etc. 
I really think of that as a matter of respecting the viewer, to not cut all the time from one place to another, to just let the time go. 
Please welcome Naná Vasconcelos. 
That small scratch became infected. 
He was at Radcliffe Infirmary in Oxford, and fortunately for him, led by a Dr. Howard Florey had managed to synthesize a very small amount of penicillin, a drug that had been discovered 12 years before by Alexander Fleming but had never actually been used to treat a human, and indeed no one even knew if the drug would work, if it was full of impurities that would kill the patient, 
So that story didn't end that well, but fortunately for millions of other people, like this child who was treated again in the early 1940s, who was again dying of a sepsis, and within just six days, you can see, recovered thanks to this wonder drug, penicillin. 
Now, antibiotics have been used for patients like this, but they've also been used rather frivolously in some instances, for treating someone with just a cold or the flu, which they might not have responded to an antibiotic, and they've also been used in large quantities sub-therapeutically, which means in small concentrations, to make chicken and hogs grow faster. 
Just to save a few pennies on the price of meat, we've spent a lot of antibiotics on animals, not for treatment, not for sick animals, but primarily for growth promotion. 
So I don't know where you live, but wherever it is, it certainly is a lot worse now than it was in 1999, and that is the problem of antibiotic resistance. 
If we taught doctors how not to use antibiotics as much, if we taught patients how not to demand antibiotics, perhaps this really wouldn't be an issue, and maybe the pharmaceutical companies should be working harder to develop more antibiotics. 
And typically, in the case of energy, there are two ways in which you can deal with the problem. 
And once we go through all of that, then we try to stay one step ahead of the bacteria. 
Now, if you think about how we deal with energy pricing, for instance, we consider emissions taxes, which means we're imposing the costs of pollution on people who actually use that energy. 
And these seem like faraway scenarios, but if you consider the fact that we might not have antibiotics for many people who have infections, we might consider the fact that we might want to allocate who actually gets to use some of these antibiotics over others, and some of these might have to be on the basis of clinical need, but also on the basis of pricing. 
Very often, people overuse antibiotics or prescribe too much without necessarily knowing that they do so, and feedback mechanisms have been found to be useful, both on energy — When you tell someone that they're using a lot of energy during peak hour, they tend to cut back, and the same sort of example has been performed even in the case of antibiotics. 
It's a fairly cheap drug. 
Prices are important signals and we need to pay attention, but we also need to consider the fact that although these high prices seem unusual for antibiotics, they're nothing compared to the price per day of some cancer drugs, which might save a patient's life only for a few months or perhaps a year, whereas antibiotics would potentially save a patient's life forever. 
An option is to go through that rethinking and carefully consider incentives to change how we do business. 
She had this wild, curly hair, and she always wore these bright yellow flowery dresses. 
Well, eventually I learned enough English, and my parents were so happy the day that I got into medical school and took my oath of healing and service. 
My mother called me to tell me that she wasn't feeling well, she had a cough that wouldn't go away, she was short of breath and tired. 
Now, imagine being his parents who flew in from Seattle, 2,000 miles away, to find their son in a coma. 
I mean, you'd want to find out what's going on with him, right? 
Last fall, I conducted a research study to find out what it is that people want to know about their healthcare. 
Well, times may be hard for everyone, but try telling your patient making 35,000 dollars a year to serve a family of four that you need the free lunch. 
Research has shown us that openness also helps doctors, that having open medical records, being willing to talk about medical errors, will increase patient trust, improve health outcomes, and reduce malpractice. 
But, in that first report, Kuznets himself delivered a warning. 
And then third, does every individual have access to a chance to pursue their goals and dreams and ambitions free from obstacles? 
Tucked away on the right-hand side, you will see a dot of a country with a lot of GDP but not a huge amount of social progress — that's Kuwait. 
So what this tells us is that if poor countries can get a little bit of extra GDP, and if they reinvest that in doctors, nurses, water supplies, sanitation, etc., there's a lot of social progress bang for your GDP buck. 
And that's good news, and that's what we've seen over the last 20, 30 years, with a lot of people lifted out of poverty by economic growth and good policies in poorer countries. 
But go on a bit further up the curve, and then we see it flattening out. 
Brazil, it's possible to increase your growth, increase your GDP, while stagnating or going backwards We don't want Brazil to become like Russia. 
 Hi, Joe. Thanks for joining us today, great. 
I was just saying, we have a lot of people on the call we'd like to get through, so let's skip the roll call and I'm gonna dive right in. 
Tell them you're very excited to support their work, ask them what the goal of the meeting is, and tell them you're interested in learning how you can help them achieve their goal. 
For instance, a lot of people think autism and think "Rain Man" immediately. 
People are so afraid of variety that they try to fit everything into a tiny little box with really specific labels. 
Let me explain it to you a bit. 
School can be a problem in general, but having also to explain to a teacher on a daily basis that their lesson is inexplicably dull and you are secretly taking refuge in a world inside your head in which you are not in that lesson, that adds to your list of problems. 
People are so afraid of variety that they try and force everyone, even people who don't want to or can't, to become normal. 
We were officially empty nesters, and we decided, let's go on a family vacation. 
So off Pete went, and left the family vacation — break a mother's heart — and he went, and we followed four days later to see the next playoff game. 
That morning, Pete, John and I all got up, got dressed, got in our cars — three separate cars because we were going to go to work after the doctor's appointment to find out what happened to the wrist. 
So we all went home, and Jenn and Dan flew home from Wall Street, Andrew came home from Charlestown, and Pete went to B.C. to pick up his then-girlfriend Julie and brought her home, and six hours later after diagnosis, we're sitting around having a family dinner, and we're having small chat. 
It just doesn't seem like there's a whole lot of collaboration going on here. 
He talks with eye gaze technology and a speech generating device, and we're watching his lungs, because his diaphragm eventually is going to give out and then the decision will be made to put him on a ventilator or not. 
So we knew awareness would lead to funding, we just didn't know it would only take a couple of days. 
I can't imagine what it was like around here." 
I actually had to ditch support groups because everybody was in there saying that spraying their lawns with chemicals, that's why they got ALS, and I was like, "I don't think so," but I had to get away from the negativity. 
And the third thing I want to leave you with: If you ever come across a situation that you see as so unacceptable, I want you to dig down as deep as you can and find your best mother bear and go after it. 
I'm going to save my son, and if it doesn't happen in time for him, I'm going to work so that no other mother has to go through what I'm going through. 
I want you guys to imagine that you're a soldier running through the battlefield. 
So now, what I've been working on for the last four years is to develop smart biomaterials, which are actually materials that will work with the body, helping it to heal and helping it to allow the wounds to heal normally. 
On top of that, the extracellular matrix is responsible for all wound healing, so if you imagine cutting the body, you actually have to rebuild this very complex ECM in order to get it to form again, and a scar, in fact, is actually poorly formed extracellular matrix. 
So when I was a freshman at NYU, what I discovered was you could actually take small pieces of plant-derived polymers and reassemble them onto the wound. 
But really, once again, I want you guys to imagine that you are a soldier running through a battlefield. 
Now, you get hit in the leg with a bullet, and instead of bleeding out in three minutes, you pull a small pack of gel out of your belt, and with the press of a button, you're able to stop your own bleed and you're on your way to recovery. 
Well, the leading epidemiologists and criminologists around the world seem to think we can, and so do I, but only if we focus on our cities, especially the most fragile ones. 
That's because warfare and humanitarian action are going to be concentrated in our cities, and the fight for development, whether you define that as eradicating poverty, universal healthcare, beating back climate change, will be won or lost in the shantytowns, slums and favelas of our cities. 
Now, Gaza, Syria, Sudan, Ukraine, as ghastly as these conflicts are, and they are horrific, they represent a relatively small blip upwards in a 50-year-long secular decline. 
Now, what do these medium, large, mega-, and hypercities look like? 
That's one factor among many, but youthfulness combined with unemployment, lack of education, and -- this is the kicker -- being male, is a deadly proposition. 
Just imagine your boy without any structure with those unruly friends of his, out there cavorting about. 
But if you're young, you're uneducated, you lack employment, you're black, and you're male, your life expectancy drops to less than 60 years old. 
So this is just a partial sketch of a fast-moving and dynamic and complex situation. 
A wonderful example of this is coming from El Salvador and Los Angeles, where the mayors in San Salvador and Los Angeles are collaborating on getting ex-gang members to work with current gang members, offering tutoring, education, and in the process are helping incubate cease-fires and truces, and we've seen homicide rates go down in San Salvador, once the world's most violent city, by 50 percent. 
We've got to get away from this model of segregation, exclusion, My favorite example of how to do this comes from Medellín. 
Even my own group is involved in developing applications to provide more accountability over police and increase safety among citizens. 
Here you see a medicine man in the northeast Amazon treating leishmaniasis, a really nasty protozoal disease that afflicts 12 million people around the world. 
This guy decided he would go down to the Amazon and give it a whirl, or give it a lick, and he did, and he wrote, "My blood pressure went through the roof, I lost full control of my bodily functions, I passed out in a heap, I woke up in a hammock six hours later, felt like God for two days." 
It was later developed into ACE inhibitors. 
I took this picture from a small plane flying over the eastern border of the Xingu indigenous reserve in the state of Mato Grosso to the northwest of here. 
The Akuriyos have 35 words for honey, and other Indians look up to them as being the true masters of the emerald realm. 
When I was a teenager rocking out to the Rolling Stones in my hometown of New Orleans, Pohnay was a forest nomad roaming the jungles of the northeast Amazon in a small band, looking for game, looking for medicinal plants, looking for a wife, in other small nomadic bands. 
These cultures that once danced, made love, sang to the gods, worshipped the forest, all that's left is an imprint in stone, as you see here. 
Each of these dots represents a small, uncontacted tribe, and the big reveal today is we believe there are 14 or 15 isolated groups in the Colombian Amazon alone. 
The demand for natural rubber, which came from the Amazon, set off the botanical equivalent of a gold rush. 
Even today, when people come out of the forest, the story seldom has a happy ending. 
It was surrounded by three isolated tribes and thanks to the Colombian government and Colombian colleagues, it has now expanded. 
Two colleagues of mine passed away recently in the crash of a small plane. 
This time, she's waiting for this meeting, because this time, she's carrying a small hidden camera in her dress, a camera that nobody else can see. 
It was a bit —  — It was not that bad, I have to say. 
It was a bit like being in a hotel, but with very shitty food. 
While building the organization in London, we've been traveling undercover to places where a community was suffering from abuses, where mass atrocities were happening, and there was a lack of reporting. 
You can buy them off the shelf. 
We work with them both to understand the situation on the ground and which images are missing to describe it, who are the ones that are influencing the situation, and when to release the material to advance the struggle. 
OY: Today, there is a new front in the fight for human rights. 
So you can imagine that's a transition that hasn't been entirely seamless. 
This is the first talk I've given about this expedition, and while we weren't sequencing genomes or building space telescopes, this is a story about giving everything we had to achieve something that hadn't been done before. 
As an aside, I have experienced an interesting phenomenon in the last few days, something that I expect Chris Hadfield may get at TED in a few years' time, conversations that go something like this: "Oh, Antarctica. Awesome. 
So it's a bit different these days, and there are also acres of junk. 
I think it's a marvelous thing that humans can exist 365 days of the year with hamburgers and hot showers and movie theaters, but it does seem to produce a lot of empty cardboard boxes. 
As much as you might like to think, as I do, that you're the kind of person who doesn't quit, that you'll go down swinging, hypothermia doesn't leave you much choice. 
And I sound like a bit of a fraud standing here now with a sort of belly. 
We still had 100 miles to go downhill on very slippery rock-hard blue ice. 
I've never felt as small as I did in Antarctica. 
The closer I got to my finish line, that rubbly, rocky coast of Ross Island, the more I started to realize that the biggest lesson that this very long, very hard walk might be teaching me is that happiness is not a finish line, the perfection that so many of us seem to dream of might not ever be truly attainable, and that if we can't feel content here, today, now, on our journeys 
A lot of people have asked me, what next? 
Right now, I am very happy just recovering and in front of hotel buffets. 
But as Bob Hope put it, I feel very humble, but I think I have the strength of character to fight it.  Thank you. 
That means I was born in 1964 in a small town in Germany. 
The hospital's maternity ward was really stressed out because a lot of babies were born on this gray November day. 
What you can see here is the German age pyramid, and there, the small black point at the top, that's me. 
And if you compare this red area in 2030 with the red area in 2014, it is much, much smaller. 
So what we know from this picture is that the labor supply, so people who provide labor, will go down in Germany, and will go down significantly. 
Eight million people are missing, which is more than 20 percent of our current workforce, so big numbers, really big numbers. 
Now, to close the gap, Germany has to significantly increase migration, get many more women in the workforce, increase retirement age — by the way, we just lowered it this year — and all these measures at once. 
And companies will look for talents somewhere else. 
Now, we simulated labor supply and labor demand for the largest 15 economies in the world, representing more than 70 percent of world GDP, and the overall picture looks like this by 2020. 
  Technology will replace a lot of jobs, regular jobs. 
And these new electronic parts and applications require new skills and have created a lot of new jobs, like the cognitive systems engineer who optimizes the interaction between driver and electronic system. 
Yes, technology will replace a lot of jobs, but we will also see a lot of new jobs and new skills on the horizon, and that means technology will worsen our overall skill mismatch. 
To find out, this year we conducted a global survey among more than 200,000 job seekers from 189 countries. 
Number seven is Australia, where 28 percent could imagine moving. 
Number one, a plan for how to forecast supply and demand for different jobs and different skills. 
They asked if I'd come to the zoo and image the animal's heart to look for a possible cardiac cause. 
Now, to be clear, North American zoos are staffed by highly qualified, board-certified veterinarians who take outstanding care of their animal patients. 
But there's something very different about giving an animal a medication or a human disease and the animal developing congestive heart failure or diabetes or breast cancer on their own. 
How many human lives might have been saved if this veterinary knowledge had been put into the hands of E.R. docs and cardiologists? 
Shouldn't this veterinary knowledge be put into the hands of psychotherapists and parents and patients struggling with self-injury? 
But veterinarians have devised an intervention to deal with this foal rejection syndrome that involves increasing oxytocin in the mare. 
Oxytocin is the bonding hormone, and this leads to renewed interest, Shouldn't this information be put into the hands of ob/gyn's and family doctors and patients who are struggling with postpartum depression and psychosis? 
To explain it, I'm afraid I'm going to have to air some dirty laundry. 
Of course, most physicians don't realize that it is harder to get into vet school these days than medical school, and that when we go to medical school, we learn everything there is to know about one species, Homo sapiens, but veterinarians need to learn about health and disease in mammals, amphibians, reptiles, fish and birds. 
In the United States and now internationally, at Zoobiquity conferences physicians and veterinarians check their attitudes and their preconceptions at the door and come together as colleagues, as peers, as doctors. 
And one of the best ways we can take care of the human patient is by paying close attention to how all the other patients on the planet live, grow, get sick and heal. 
With this realization, I was free from the photojournalistic conventions of the newspaper and the magazine. 
I say the word "costume" because these were not clothes that had been issued or coordinated by anyone. 
I became interested in the way they were choosing to represent themselves, this outward expression of masculinity, the ideal of the warrior. 
It is clear to me that these two sets of pictures don't make much sense without the other. 
Men fight most wars and women mourn them. 
If the men showed the ideal of the warrior, then the women showed the implications of such violence. 
Today, the death toll stands around 3,000, while hundreds of thousands have been displaced. 
I have only got 18 minutes to explain something that lasts for hours and days, so I'd better get started. 
For the past two months, Norwegians have been watching a cruise ship's journey up the coast, and there's a lot of fog on that coast. 
So we sent the Listening Post's Marcela Pizarro to Oslo to find out what it is, but first a warning: Viewers may find some of the images in the following report disappointing. 
Luckily for us, they met us with laughter, very, very good laughter, so one bright day in September, we started a program that we thought should be seven hours and four minutes. 
Narrator [in Norwegian]: Then a bit of flirting while the food is digested. 
He's watched all the program, and at the end station, he rises up to pick up what he thinks is his luggage, and his head hit the curtain rod, and he realized he is in his own living room. 
Four hundred and thirty-six minute by minute on a Friday night, and during that first night, the first Twitter message came: Why be a chicken? 
It has 120-year-old, very interesting history, and literally takes part in life and death along the coast. 
What would it look like? 
This was waving TV for five and a half days, and people get so extremely happy when they can send a warm message to their loved ones. 
If you see the four biggest channels in Norway during June 2011, they will look like this, and as a TV producer, it's a pleasure to put Hurtigruten on top of it. 
In fact, nothing counts, and death is coming for us all. 
And of course this is a lot of planning, this is a lot of logistics. 
When people smile, it might be a very good slow idea, so after all, life is best when it's a bit strange. 
The shocking police crackdown on protestors in Ferguson, Missouri, in the wake of the police shooting of Michael Brown, underscored the extent to which advanced military weapons and equipment, designed for the battlefield, are making their way to small-town police departments across the United States. 
If you haven't seen one, it's probably because you didn't know what to look for -- they're everywhere. 
History has shown that once the police have massive quantities of data, tracking the movements of innocent people, it gets abused, maybe for blackmail, maybe for political advantage, or maybe for simple voyeurism. 
Now, I'm here on the green side, down on the far right where the geeks are, and TEDx also is down on the far right.  Now, on the other side of the network, you tend to have primarily African-American and Latino folks who are really concerned about somewhat different things than the geeks are, but just to give some sense, the green part of the network we call Smalltimore, for those of us that inhabit it, 
because it seems as though we're living in a very small town. 
On the one hand, you do have the media, politics and news lobe that tends to exist in Baltimore and other cities, but you also have this very predominant group of geeks and techies that are sort of taking over the top half of the network, and there's even a group that's so distinct and clear that we can identify it as Twitter employees, next to the geeks, in between the gamers and the geeks, 
I always used to think that my beginning was one afternoon in my community when my mother had told me that I had escaped three arranged marriages by the time I was two. 
But then I realized that, as much as I know that these moments have contributed on my journey, they have influenced my journey but they have not been the beginning of it, but the true beginning of my journey was in front of a mud house in upper Sindh of Pakistan, where my father held the hand of my 14-year-old mother and they decided to walk out of the village to go to a town where they could send their kids to school. 
Thanks to my father's very strict rules about connecting to our customs, I had to live a beautiful life of songs, cultures, traditions, stories, mountains, and a lot of sheep. 
While going to school in Karachi and Hyderabad, a lot of my cousins and childhood friends were getting married off, some to older men, some in exchange, some even as second wives. 
In those days, we were living in a very small, one-roomed house in Karachi. 
My oldest brother Ali got to be in charge of taking care of the computer, and all of us were given 10 to 15 minutes every day to use it. 
I got a lot of support from all around the world. 
A lot of people were reaching out trying to raise awareness with us. 
One day I went to the office and found our metal signboard wrinkled and broken as if a lot of people had been hitting it with something heavy. 
I would put up the windows of the car, veil my face, not speak while I was in public, but eventually situations got worse when my life was threatened, and I had to leave, back to Karachi, and our actions stopped. 
Women were coming to make embroidery, and going through a life-changing process of education, learning about their rights, what Islam says about their rights, and enterprise development, how they can create money, and then how they can create money from money, how they can fight the customs that have been destroying their lives from so many centuries, because in Islam, in reality, women are supposed to be shoulder to shoulder with men. 
We would make a center inside where 30 women will come for six months to learn about value addition of traditional embroidery, enterprise development, life skills and basic education, and about their rights and how to say no to those customs and how to stand as leaders for themselves and the society. 
But then while we were thinking everything was going well, once again everything was fantastic, we found our next setback: A lot of men started seeing the visible changes in their wife. 
It's incredible that someone so young could do achieve this much through so much force and ingenuity. 
What did this team look like? 
KB: People feel sorry for me, a lot of times. 
KB: This question has come to me a lot of times before, and I feel like the word "fear" just comes to me and then drops, but there is one fear that I have that is different from that. 
I had to fight for a whole year. That's totally a different story. 
But I think that's the only thing that I'm afraid of, and I don't want my mom to not see anyone when she waits in the night. 
CA: So people who want to help you on their way, they can go on, they can maybe buy some of these clothes that you're bringing over that are actually made, the embroidery is done back in Balochistan? 
KB: Definitely. We are looking for as many people as we can, because now that the foundation's in the beginning process, I am trying to learn a lot about how to operate, how to get funding or reach out to more organizations, and especially in the e-commerce, which is very new for me. 
Please go on being courageous, go on being smart, and please stay safe. 
And they've been trying to search for patterns in the way that we talk about ourselves and the way that we interact with each other And they've come up with some seriously interesting findings. 
Now, if we compare this score, the average score, to how many messages a selection of people receive, you can begin to get a sense of how attractiveness links to popularity on an online dating website. 
This is the graph that the OkCupid guys have come up with. 
If you compare Portia de Rossi to someone like Sarah Jessica Parker, now, a lot of people, myself included, I should say, think that Sarah Jessica Parker is seriously fabulous and possibly one of the most beautiful creatures to have ever have walked on the face of the Earth. 
But some other people, i.e., most of the Internet, seem to think that she looks a bit like a horse.  Now, I think that if you ask people how attractive they thought Sarah Jessica Parker or Portia de Rossi were, and you ask them to give them a score between 1 and 5, I reckon that they'd average out to have roughly the same score. 
Whereas compare that to if you think somebody is attractive but you suspect that everybody is going to think they're attractive. 
So let's imagine then that you're a roaring success on the dating scene. 
 Thanks a lot, Jane. What do you know about love? 
So let's imagine then, that you start dating when you're 15 and ideally, you'd like to be married by the time that you're 35. 
Now the rules are that once you cash in and get married, you can't look ahead to see what you could have had, and equally, you can't go back and change your mind. 
 Now, if you're following the maths, I'm afraid no one else comes along that's better than anyone you've seen before, so you have to go on rejecting everyone and die alone. 
Now, if you are following the maths, I'm afraid you have to marry them and end up in a relationship which is, frankly, suboptimal. 
Okay, so let's imagine then that you picked your perfect partner and you're settling into a lifelong relationship with them. 
Now, you can be forgiven, perhaps for thinking that the arguments that precede a marital breakup are not an ideal candidate for mathematical investigation. 
Gottman observed hundreds of couples having a conversation and recorded, well, everything you can think of. 
Now, I think it's important to point out at this stage, that these exact equations have also been shown to be perfectly able at describing what happens between two countries in an arms race. 
 So that -- an arguing couple spiraling into negativity and teetering on the brink of divorce -- is actually mathematically equivalent to the beginning of a nuclear war. 
Now, the negativity threshold, you can think of as how annoying the husband can be before the wife starts to get really pissed off, and vice versa. 
Couples that don't let things go and couples that don't let trivial things end up being a really big deal. 
But I think that it's quite interesting to know that there is really mathematical evidence to say that you should never let the sun go down on your anger. 
But to make a long story short, I had entered that protest as the editor-in-chief of a well-established printed magazine where I'd worked for 11 years, and thanks to this unsolicited effects of tear gas, I left it as a journalist that was now committed to new ways of sharing the raw experience of what it's like to be there, actually. 
And I had this weblink that could be shared through social media, could be put in any website, and that time, the protest went along fine. 
So for the next couple of years, I started to experiment with livestreaming in different ways, not only in the streets but mostly in studios and in homes, until the beginning of 2013, last year, when I became the cofounder of a group called Mídia NINJA. 
But we had a very solid and clear conviction, that we knew that the hyperconnected environment of social media could maybe allow us to consolidate a network of experimental journalists throughout the country. 
And that was crucial to turn Mídia NINJA from a small group of people, and in a matter of weeks, we multiplied and we grew exponentially throughout the country. 
What I started to do in the beginning of this year, as Mídia NINJA is already a self-organizing network, I'm dedicating myself to another project. 
But I'm also trying to come up with ways to finance independent journalism through a direct relationship with an audience, with an active audience, because now I really want to try to make a living out of my tear gas resolution back then. 
In another study, after a failure, they looked for someone who did worse than they did so they could feel really good about themselves. 
But to meet the demand in other cities, including outside of Brazil, we have created Pimpx, which is inspired by TEDx, and it's a simplified, do-it-yourself, crowdfunded edition of Pimp My Carroça. 
Because of their pimped carroças, they are able to fight back to prejudice, increase their income and their interaction with society. 
So you can think of a word as like a hat. 
So go ahead and make words like "duckface," just don't make duckface. 
A lot of people on this stage today have said, "In the future, you can do this, you can help with this, you can help us explore, you can help us invent." 
Go ahead, start making words today, send them to me, and I will put them in my online dictionary, Wordnik. 
They revealed to us a tiny world of objects, life and structures that are too small for us to see with our naked eyes. 
It doesn't use optics like a regular microscope to make small objects bigger, but instead it uses a video camera and image processing to reveal to us the tiniest motions and color changes in objects and people, changes that are impossible for us to see with our naked eyes. 
What you see here are small changes in the color of Steve's skin, magnified 100 times so that they become visible. 
And that's actually my eye, and again this video was taken right after my daughter was born, so you can see I wasn't getting too much sleep.  Even when a person is sitting still, there's a lot of information we can extract about their breathing patterns, small facial expressions. 
We can also magnify small mechanical movements, like vibrations in engines, that can help engineers detect and diagnose machinery problems, or see how our buildings and structures sway in the wind and react to forces. 
I don't know who that user is, but he, or she, used our code to magnify small belly movements during pregnancy. 
Those pressure waves hit objects and they create small vibrations in them, which is how we hear and how we record sound. 
So here's an empty bag of chips that was lying on a table, and we're going to turn that bag of chips into a microphone by filming it with a video camera and analyzing the tiny motions that sound waves create in it. 
Everything I showed you today is a result of a collaboration with this great group of people you see here, and I encourage you and welcome you to check out our website, try it out yourself, and join us in exploring this world of tiny motions. 
As whales dive to the depths to feed and come up to the surface to breathe, they actually release these enormous fecal plumes. 
But my brother, who is older than me, was arrested when he was 18, taken to prison on charges of throwing stones. 
And we connected over really small things, like the fact that I love country music, which is really strange for Palestinians. 
What really matters is how I deal with it. 
So with a bit of imagination, we needed to understand which parts of the city people find beautiful. 
On this cartography, you're not only able to see and connect from point A to point B the shortest segments, but you're also able to see the happy segment, the beautiful path, the quiet path. 
And so you feel that at least in a small way you're repairing that huge social fracture which makes it so that for many of them, prison is their only destination. 
It was really just a small leftist insurgency and a devastating response by the state. 
What we have as a result is 200,000 civilian victims, 160,000 of those killed in the communities: small children, men, women, the elderly even. 
Now, my case was that my father received death threats in 1980. 
I went back to Guatemala, to look for the bodies, to understand what happened and to look for part of myself as well. 
And that DNA is what we're going to compare to the DNA that comes from the skeletons. 
When we find the grave, we take out the dirt and eventually clean the body, document it, and exhume it. 
Once we have those bodies, though, we take them back to the city, to our lab, and we begin a process of trying to understand mainly two things: One is how people died. 
But when we're done with that analysis what we'll do is we'll take a small fragment of the bone and we'll extract DNA from it. 
We'll take that DNA and then we'll compare it with the DNA of the families, of course. 
The best way to explain this to you is by showing you two cases. 
All put in that grave. 
Check out that haircut. It's a bit odd.  And at the age of 11, I was inspired by the real explorers to want to try to be the first to walk to both Poles. 
That was a bit more inspiring. 
On this journey, we faced the danger of crevasses, intense cold, so cold that sweat turns to ice inside your clothing, your teeth can crack, water can freeze in your eyes. 
Let's just say it's a bit chilly.  And after 70 desperate days, we arrive at the South Pole. 
It was a bit of a shock --  -- and it started me thinking. 
Here's me coming in from washing naked at -60 Celsius. 
And if anybody ever says to you, "I am cold" --  -- if they look like this, they are cold, definitely. 
When things go wrong for us, it's life or death, and our brave African-American Daryl, who would become the first American to walk to the North Pole, his heel dropped off from frostbite 200 klicks out. 
Being Jacques, he gave me clear instructions: Engage the world leaders, talk to industry and business, and above all, Rob, inspire young people, because they will choose the future of the preservation of Antarctica. 
For the world leaders, we've been to every world Earth Summit, all three of them, with our brave yacht, 2041, twice to Rio, once in '92, once in 2012, and for the Earth Summit in Johannesburg, we made the longest overland voyage ever made with a yacht, 13,000 kilometers around the whole of Southern Africa doing our best to inspire over a million young people in person about 2041 and about their environment. 
Huge areas of ice -- look how big Antarctica is even compared to here -- Huge areas of ice are breaking off from Antarctica, the size of small nations. 
Antarctica is a moral line in the snow, and on one side of that line we should fight, fight hard for this one beautiful, pristine place left alone on Earth. 
The indigenous people called this species pau brasil, and that's the reason why this land became "land of Brasil," and later on, Brazil. 
So you can imagine that it's very cool to be a forester in Brazil, among other reasons. 
So think of this: In 100 years, we lost the same amount of forest in the tropics that we lost in 2,000 years in temperate forests. 
Deforestation was growing fast and accelerating at the end of the '90s and the beginning of the 2000s. 
And together with other teammates in the National Forest Department, we were assigned a task to join a team and find out the causes of deforestation, and make a plan to combat that at a national level, involving the local governments, the civil society, business, local communities, in an effort that could tackle those causes. 
Now I will go through all of them one by one -- no, just giving some examples of what we had done in the next few years. 
This also allows us to make a big operation to seize corruption and illegal activities that ended up having 700 people in prison, including a lot of public servants. 
So supermarkets, the slaughterhouses, and so on that buy products from illegal clear-cut areas, they also can be liable for the deforestation. 
 So if we compare it with the average deforestation that we had in the last decade, we saved 8.7 million hectares, which is the size of Austria. 
So the next step, I think, is to fight to have zero loss of forest cover in Brazil and to have that as a goal for 2020. That's our next step. 
if I succeed in working with all my colleagues to actually help to stop deforestation, maybe we will lose the battle later on for climate change by floods, heat, fires and so on. 
We want to limit the increase of the average temperature of the planet to two degrees. 
It's more or less what one small car, running 20 kilometers a day, will emit in one year. 
Now we need to go down to 10 by 2050. 
I think so. Think of this: Deforestation means 60 percent of the greenhouse gas emissions in Brazil in the last decade. 
Today, you can buy this kit by making an initial deposit of just 35 dollars, and then pay off the rest by making a daily micro-payment of 45 cents using your mobile phone. 
Once you've made 365 micro-payments, the system is unlocked, and you own the product and you start receiving clean, free electricity. 
This shows that with frugal innovation what matters is that you take what is most abundant, mobile connectivity, to deal with what is scarce, which is energy. 
Think of the iPhone 5, 6, then 7, 8. 
Companies in the West spend billions of dollars investing in R&amp;D, and use tons of natural resources to create ever more complex products, to differentiate their brands from competition, and they charge customers more money for new features. 
Actually, it's a small manufacturing plant set up by Grameen Danone, a joint venture between Grameen Bank of Muhammad Yunus and the food multinational Danone to make high-quality yogurt in Bangladesh. 
To ease the situation, the engineers at the IBM lab in Kenya are piloting a solution called Megaffic, which initially was designed by the Japanese engineers. 
collected from a small number of low-resolution webcams in Nairobi streets, and then they use analytic software to predict congestion points, and they can SMS drivers alternate routes to take. 
Companies tend to scale up vertically by centralizing operations in big factories and warehouses, but if you want to be agile and deal with immense customer diversity, you need to scale out horizontally using a distributed supply chain with smaller manufacturing and distribution units, like Grameen Bank has shown. 
Now hold your breath, not too long, to imagine what comes next. 
Well, however complex politically, economically, scientifically the question of the environment is, it simply boils down to a question of altruism versus selfishness. 
But this guy doesn't seem too bad. 
My friend, Daniel Batson, spent a whole life putting people in the lab in very complex situations. 
So we tested all that, and in the end, he said, clearly people can be altruistic. 
It is the wish: May others be happy and find the cause of happiness. 
Before, you determine for each child who is their best friend in the class, their least favorite child, an unknown child, and the sick child, and they have to give stickers away. 
So now individual change and cultural change mutually fashion each other, and yes, we can achieve a more altruistic society. 
The Homo economicus cannot deal with poverty in the midst of plenty, cannot deal with the problem of the common goods of the atmosphere, of the oceans. 
and we need to dare altruism. 
I'm a blogger, a filmmaker and a butcher, and I'll explain how these identities come together. 
We must fight with an inventive approach. 
They demand us to find uncompromising ways to be acknowledged and respected. 
Now, you can think of these as robotic versions of something that you're all very familiar with: an ant. 
Well, first we need to figure out how to make them move when they're so small. 
And finally, to make these things really functional, we want a lot of them working together in order to do bigger things. 
Jumping is another really interesting way to get around when you're very small. 
So these insects store energy in a spring and release that really quickly to get the high power they need to jump out of water, for example. 
So one of the big contributions from my lab has been to combine rigid and soft materials in very, very small mechanisms. 
And the basic idea is that we're going to compress this, store energy in the springs, and then release it to jump. 
Ultimately, though, we want to add motors to this too, and we have students in the lab working on millimeter-sized motors to eventually integrate onto small, autonomous robots. 
But when I'm really small, the forces between my feet and the ground are going to affect my locomotion a lot more than my mass, which is what causes that bouncy motion. 
It's pretty quick for a little, small guy, and that's really only limited by our test setup. 
So this is a micro-fabricated energetic material, and we can create tiny pixels of this, and we can put one of these pixels on the belly of this robot, and this robot, then, is going to jump when it senses an increase in light. 
And you'll see a big flash at the beginning when the energetic is set off, and the robot tumbling through the air. 
So I think you can imagine all the cool things that we could do with robots that can run and crawl and jump and roll at this size scale. 
Imagine these small robots running through that rubble to look for survivors. 
Or imagine a lot of small robots running around a bridge in order to inspect it and make sure it's safe so you don't get collapses like this, which happened outside of Minneapolis in 2007. 
Or just imagine what you could do if you had robots that could swim through your blood. 
Or we could radically change the way we build things if we have our tiny robots work the same way that termites do, and they build these incredible eight-meter-high mounds, effectively well ventilated apartment buildings for other termites So I think I've given you some of the possibilities of what we can do with these small robots. 
I wasn't afraid to try weird clothing trends or hairstyles. 
After all, I was a bit unconventional. 
So it is fitting and scary that I have returned to this city 16 years later and I have chosen this stage to finally stop hiding. 
For those of you from large metropolitan areas, this may not seem like a big deal to you. 
It may seem strange that I have suppressed the truth and hidden this for so long. 
Of all the employees they surveyed, 61 percent reported changing an aspect of their behavior or their appearance in order to fit in at work. 
I'm sure I was trying to encourage myself to get out and explore London, but the message I missed was the need to start exploring and embracing myself. 
What I didn't realize until all these years later is that the biggest obstacles I will ever have to overcome are my own fears and insecurities. 
He could not move his body, but he could imagine the movements needed to kick a ball. 
And by doing that, we converted these signals into digital commands that any mechanical, electronic, or even a virtual device can understand so that the subject can imagine what he, she or it wants to make move, and the device obeys that brain command. 
 Flight control is Brazilian.  So we went together with these guys and we basically put this exoskeleton together, 15 degrees of freedom, hydraulic machine that can be commanded by brain signals recorded by a non-invasive technology called electroencephalography that can basically allow the patient to imagine the movements and send his commands to the controls, the motors, and get it done. 
It is a smart shirt with micro-vibrating elements that basically delivers the feedback and fools the patient's brain by creating a sensation that it is not a machine that is carrying him, but it is he who is walking again. 
And he takes a few seconds because we are setting everything, and you are going to see a blue light cutting in front of the helmet because Bruno is going to imagine the movement that needs to be performed, the computer is going to analyze it, Bruno is going to certify it, and when it is certified, the device starts moving under the command of Bruno's brain. 
And more than that --  -- more than just walking, he is feeling the ground, and if the speed of the exo goes up, he tells us that he is walking again on the sand of Santos, the beach resort where he used to go before he had the accident. 
What you are going to see very quickly is Juliano Pinto in the exo doing the kick a few minutes before we went to the pitch and did the real thing in front of the entire crowd, and the lights you are going to see just describe the operation. 
But realizing later on how important were sanitation and the disposal of crap in a proper way, we went into the arena of sanitation. 
 So we, together with a lot of villages, we began to talk about how to really address this situation of sanitation. 
Villages that agree to implement this project, they organize a legal society where the general body consists of all members who elect a group of men and women who implement the project and, later on, who look after the operation and maintenance. 
If any of you come to my place, I would be happy to share these bananas and papayas with you. 
It is always a 24-hour water supply because water gets polluted very often when you store it -- a child dips his or her hand into it, something falls into it. 
We have had clear evidence of the great impact of this program. 
And then they wanted to take Isabelle, but her husband stepped in, and he said, "No, please don't take Isabelle. 
In 2006, when Congo held the first free national elections in its history, many observers thought that an end to violence in the region had finally come. 
Why have the massive international efforts failed to help Congo achieve lasting peace and security? 
The dominant culture also constructs intervention at the national and international levels as the only natural and legitimate task for United Nations staffers and diplomats. 
For instance, there is a lot of competition at the village or district level over who can be chief of village or chief of territory according to traditional law, and who can control the distribution of land and the exploitation of local mining sites. 
Local actors often lack the funding and sometimes the logistical means and the technical capacity to implement effective, local peacebuilding programs. 
After two decades of conflict and the deaths of millions, it's clear that we need to change our approach. 
It was everywhere in the park -- well, along with a lot of tear gas. 
He later he told me how overwhelmed he felt, and didn't know what to do, so he took out his phone, like any one of us might, and snapped that picture and tweeted it out. 
That was probably the first movement that got global attention thanks to the Internet. 
And think of more recent initiatives, like the #BringBackOurGirls hashtags. 
But think of the moments I just mentioned. 
The hopes they rightfully raised are not really matched by what they were able to have as a result in the end. 
I believe that the rule of thumb is: Easier to mobilize does not always mean easier to achieve gains. 
Or think of the Occupy movement which rocked the world in 2011. 
Now, compare that to what the Civil Rights Movement had to do in 1955 Alabama to protest the racially segregated bus system, which they wanted to boycott. 
And I've come to realize that part of the problem is that today's protests have become a bit like climbing Mt. Everest with the help of 60 Sherpas, and the Internet is our Sherpa. 
In contrast, when you look at Occupy's global marches that were organized in two weeks, you see a lot of discontent, but you don't necessarily see teeth that can bite over the long term. 
It's in that capacity to work together, think together collectively, which can only be built over time with a lot of work. 
Well, he said, his party starts getting ready for the next election the day after the last one, and he spends all day every day meeting with voters in their homes, in their wedding parties, circumcision ceremonies, and then he meets with his colleagues to compare notes. 
When I was invited to give this talk a couple of months ago, we discussed a number of titles with the organizers, and a lot of different items were kicked around and were discussed. 
At that time, MSF and the treatment center there, they were seeing dozens of patients every single day, and these patients, these communities were becoming more and more terrified as time went by, with this disease and what it was doing to their families, to their communities, to their children, to their relatives. 
And Peter explained what Ebola was. He explained what the disease was. 
People hadn't seen the disease before; health workers hadn't seen the disease before. 
As the virus was spreading geographically, the numbers were increasing and at this time, not only were hundreds of people infected and dying of the disease, but as importantly, the front line responders, the people who had gone to try and help, the health care workers, the other responders were also sick and dying by the dozens. 
They met right around that time, they agreed on common action and they put together an emergency joint operation center in Conakry to try and work together to finish this disease and get it stopped, to implement the strategies we talked about. 
What happened then was the virus, or someone sick with the virus, boarded an airplane, flew to another country, and for the first time, we saw in another distant country the virus pop up again. 
And as you can anticipate, there was international alarm, international concern on a scale that we hadn't seen in recent years caused by a disease like this. 
Not only did this virus continue in the places where they'd already become infected, but then it started to escalate and we saw the case numbers that you see here, something we'd never seen before on such a scale, an exponential increase of Ebola cases not just in these countries or the areas already infected in these countries but also spreading further and deeper into these countries. 
It's a relatively modern disease in terms of what we know about it. 
We've known the disease only for 40 years, since it first popped up in Central Africa in 1976. 
We know that it probably enters a human population when we come in contact with a wild animal that has been infected with the virus and probably sickened by it. 
And as you've all seen, we know the horrific disease that it then causes in humans, where we see this disease cause severe fevers, diarrhea, vomiting, and then unfortunately, in 70 percent of the cases or often more, death. 
But despite the fact that we've not known this disease for a particularly long time, and we don't know everything about it, we do know how to stop this disease. 
And we know that answer because of the extraordinary work of an incredible group of NGOs, of governments, of local leaders, of U.N. agencies and many humanitarian and other organizations that came and joined the fight to try and stop Ebola in West Africa. 
What they decided to do was they would first try and slow down this epidemic by rapidly building as many beds as possible in specialized treatment centers so that they could prevent the disease from spreading from those were infected. 
They would rapidly build out many, many burial teams so that they could safely deal with the dead, and with that, they would try and slow this outbreak to see if it could actually then be controlled using the classic approach of case finding and contact tracing. 
And for this reason, ladies and gentlemen, there's absolutely no question now that we can catch up with this outbreak in West Africa and we can beat Ebola. 
We already answered that question back at the beginning of this talk, when I spoke about Lofa County in Liberia. 
Because when you've been at something for this long, on this scale, two other big threats come in to join the virus. 
The first of those is complacency, the risk that as this disease curve starts to bend, the media look elsewhere, the world looks elsewhere. 
Because finishing Ebola right now means turning the tables on this virus, and beginning to hunt it. 
But it will only finish if those countries have got enough epidemiologists, enough health workers, enough logisticians and enough other people working with them to be able to find every one of those cases, track their contacts and make sure that this disease stops once and for all. 
Let's find out by counting down the top 10 myths of psychology. 
To find out, let's start by looking at something on which men and women really do differ and plotting some psychological gender differences on the same scale. 
So now let's look at what some psychological gender differences look like on the same standardized scale. 
Okay, so if you think they're saying hello or high-fiving, then that means you're a friendly person. 
If you think they're fighting, you're a bit more of a nasty, aggressive person. 
If you didn't, then this means that you have difficulty processing complex situations where there's a lot going on. 
So let's do another quick quiz to find out. 
When making a cake, do you prefer to -- so hands up for each one again -- do you prefer to use a recipe book with pictures? 
So this isn't to undermine the hard work that you and your teachers here put in. 
So the truth is that listening to something that you enjoy perks you up a bit and gives you a temporary I.Q. boost on a narrow range of tasks. 
Unfortunately, this doesn't seem to be true of someone who listened to the music of Mozart almost every day, Mozart himself, who suffered from gonorrhea, smallpox, arthritis, and, what most people think eventually killed him in the end, syphilis. 
So a myth that I have to say is sometimes spread a bit by sociologists is that our preferences in a romantic partner are a product of our culture, that they're very culturally specific. 
A famous study surveyed people from [37] different cultures across the globe, from Americans to Zulus, on what they look for in a partner. 
In every culture, too, men preferred women who were younger than themselves, an average of, I think it was 2.66 years, and in every culture, too, women preferred men who were older than them, so an average of 3.42 years, which is why we've got here "Everybody needs a Sugar Daddy." 
The myth here is that sportsmen go through hot-hand streaks, Americans call them, or purple patches, we sometimes say in England, where they just can't miss, like this guy here. 
Some years ago, I stumbled across a simple design exercise that helps people understand and solve complex problems, and like many of these design exercises, it kind of seems trivial at first, but under deep inspection, it turns out that it reveals unexpected truths about the way that we collaborate and make sense of things. 
They draw a loaf of bread, which is sliced, then put into a toaster. 
I don't really understand this. A lot of MBA students do this. 
So though we may not be skilled at drawing, the point is that we intuitively know how to break down complex things into simple things and then bring them back together again. 
Now, though this might seem trivial, it's actually really important. 
And systems theorists do tell us that the ease with which we can change a representation correlates to our willingness to improve the model. 
To deal with contradictions, for example, they add branching patterns and parallel patterns. 
I think of my work as sort of a remix, in a way, because I'm working with somebody else's material in the same way that a D.J. might be working with somebody else's music. 
So I think one of the reasons people are disturbed by destroying books, people don't want to rip books and nobody really wants to throw away a book, is that we think about books as living things, we think about them as a body, and they're created to relate to our body, as far as scale, but they also have the potential to continue to grow and to continue to become new things. 
So I think of the book as a body, and I think of the book as a technology. 
I think of the book as a tool. 
And I also think of the book as a machine. 
I also think of the book as a landscape. 
And I think of my work as almost an archaeology. 
Infectious diseases are still the main cause of human suffering and death around the world. 
We have come up with ways to protect ourselves against these diseases. 
And we're conscious -- we learn from our experiences and come up with creative solutions. 
Now we know that there's a lot of animals out there that can do it too. 
And even more interesting than that is that recent discoveries are telling us that insects and other little animals with smaller brains can use medication too. 
They get sick like you. They get sick like me. 
As part of my job, I spend a lot of time in the greenhouse growing plants, and the reason for this is that monarchs are extremely picky eaters. 
But some of the monarchs were sick, and what I found is that some of these milkweeds are medicinal, meaning they reduce the disease symptoms in the monarch butterflies, meaning these monarchs can live longer when they are infected when feeding on these medicinal plants. 
And when I found this, I had this idea, and a lot of people said it was a crazy idea, but I thought, what if monarchs can use this? 
Now, these are animals that are very small and we tend to think of them as very simple. 
What I think is important, though, is to move beyond these large-brained mammals and give these guys more credit, these simple animals, these insects that we tend to think of The discovery that these animals can also use medication opens up completely new avenues, and I think that maybe one day, we will be treating human diseases with drugs that were first discovered by butterflies, and I think that is an amazing opportunity worth pursuing. 
Over the past 12 years, his condition got worse and worse, and his wandering in particular caused my family a lot of stress. 
Once he stepped onto the floor and out of the bed, the pressure sensor would detect an increase in pressure caused by body weight and then wirelessly send an audible alert to the caregiver's smartphone. 
Could I please have my sock model on the stage? 
Perhaps, the older ones among you remember the polio epidemic that occurred in Argentina in 1956. 
I know this because I read about it, because thanks to vaccines, my generation was lucky to not live through an epidemic as terrible as this. 
Vaccines eradicated terrible diseases such as smallpox from the planet and succeeded in significantly reducing mortality due to other diseases such as measles, whooping cough, polio and many more. 
If one day, a person sick with the measles appears in this city the disease won't find much resistance and will begin spreading from person to person, and in no time it will disseminate throughout the community. 
If one day, a person sick with the measles appears in this city, the disease will find much more resistance and won't be transmitted that much from person to person. 
People who are vaccinated are not only protecting themselves, but by blocking the dissemination of the disease within the community, they are indirectly protecting the people in this community who are not vaccinated. 
To achieve this effect of herd immunity, it is necessary that a large percentage of the population be vaccinated. 
If the percentage of the population in a vaccinated community is below this threshold number, the disease will begin to spread more freely and may generate an outbreak of this disease within the community. 
Why is it so difficult to think of preventing diseases, by taking care of ourselves when we are healthy? 
I imagine most of us here, remember the influenza-A pandemic which broke out in 2009 in Argentina and worldwide. 
People wore masks on the street, ran into pharmacies to buy alcohol gel. 
The patients were a little older than what we were used to seeing in winter, with longer fevers. 
At that time, we set out to understand what was happening. 
Our main goal was to find out how this new virus behaved in contact with our children, in the shortest time possible. A marathon work. 
So, go ahead, ask me what math is for. 
 Well, we mathematicians devote ourselves to come up with theorems. 
One that covers the same surface, but has a smaller border. 
And the world, as you know, split into Pappists and anti-Pappists, until 1700 years later when in 1999, Thomas Hales proved that Pappus and the bees were right -- the best shape to use was the hexagon. 
And they can also get worse if we ignore them, and they can impact our lives in dramatic ways. 
Can you imagine saying that to somebody with a broken leg: "Oh, just walk it off; it's all in your leg." 
Now I tried to explain what happened, but he said, "I don't understand. If you saw I wasn't calling you, why didn't you just pick up the phone and call me?" 
There is a lot of research on loneliness, and all of it is horrifying. 
Chronic loneliness increases your likelihood of an early death by 14 percent. 
Meanwhile, another little girl tried everything she could think of until she slid the red button, the cute doggie popped out, and she squealed with delight. 
You have to fight feelings of helplessness. 
The woman was so hurt she couldn't move. All she could do was call a friend. 
We wouldn't make a physical injury worse on purpose. 
We know from dozens of studies that when your self-esteem is lower, you are more vulnerable to stress and to anxiety, that failures and rejections hurt more and it takes longer to recover from them. 
So when you get rejected, the first thing you should be doing is to revive your self-esteem, not join Fight Club and beat it into a pulp. 
When you're in emotional pain, treat yourself with the same compassion you would expect from a truly good friend. 
It's when your boss yells at you, or your professor makes you feel stupid in class, or you have big fight with a friend and you just can't stop replaying the scene in your head for days, sometimes for weeks on end. 
Can you imagine what the world would be like if everyone was psychologically healthier? 
I saw how she was longing to gain control over her simple daily routines, small details that we take for granted, from counting money at the market to helping her kids in homework. 
Despite her poverty and her community's mindset, which belittles women's education, Umm El-Saad, along with her Egyptian classmates, was eager to learn how to read and write. 
Fayza was forced to drop out of school at the age of eight when she was married. 
HI-SEAS is a NASA-funded planetary surface analogue on the Mauna Loa volcano in Hawaii, and it's a research program that is specifically designed to study the effects of long-term isolation of small crews. 
I learned a lot about how individual crew members actually cope with a situation like this; how you can keep a crew productive and happy, for example, giving them a good deal of autonomy is a good trick to do that; and honestly, I learned a lot about leadership, because I was a crew commander. 
And the Seeker project is actually challenging communities all over the world to come up with starship prototypes that re-envision human habitation and survival. 
Now, in this project, I'm using a cocreation approach, which is a slightly different approach from what you would expect from many artists. 
We just work together, and even, for example, when architects visit what we're doing, sometimes they have a bit of a hard time understanding how we build without a master plan. 
We always come up with these fantastic large-scale scupltures that actually we can also inhabit. 
It really does look like Mars in certain locations and has been used by NASA to test equipment. 
You can buy his trailer, and you'd probably get a really good deal because he wants to get out of town as soon as possible. 
So I immediately jumped in my car, went downtown, saw the trailer -- it was a small trailer, but under the circumstances, I figured that was the best thing that I could do. 
He said, "Before I say yes to that, I need to check with management." 
So, what I did -- and he said, "You shouldn't worry, Jim, because there are a lot of trailer parks." 
I kept looking, and I looked at the far end of the town in Mountain Home, and there was a small trailer park. 
I mean, a really small trailer park. 
But the conclusion I reached at that moment was that I didn't have a lot of other options. 
So she came out, her and Alice put a lot of food together for the trip. 
So we were looking at a number of the motels as we drove down the road, and we saw one, it was a great big, bright flashing light that said, "Vacancies, Vacancies, Vacanies." 
You need to ask them for their identification.'" And here's what the boys have been taught to tell them: "We know that you can do that, but please do not do that while we're in the car because the consequences for you are significantly different than the consequences for us." 
These are the numbers that make up the infrastructure of New York City. 
In a lot of ways, he's right. 
You can imagine how many PDFs that is. 
The fact that we have access to that is great, but let's not release it in PDF form, because then we're having our citizens write PDF scrapers. 
Now, the good news is that the de Blasio administration actually recently released this data a few months ago, and so now we can actually have access to it, but there's a lot of data still entombed in PDF. 
Now, there's a lot of data that's not hidden in PDFs. 
The larger the circle, the dirtier the water, so the large circles are dirty water, the small circles are cleaner. 
It's amazing. And a lot of people see open data as being a watchdog. 
If you're FOILing data, if you're seeing your data being FOILed over and over again, let's release it to the public, that's a sign that it should be made public. 
I don't know where, but it's coming from somewhere, and you can release it with the PDF. 
And with some small, incremental changes, we can unlock the passion and the ability of our citizens to harness open data and make our city even better, whether it's one dataset, or one parking spot at a time. 
I dedicated the past two years to understanding how people achieve their dreams. 
The tech guy built a mobile app and sold it very fast for a lot of money. 
You know, the story may seem real, but I bet it's incomplete. 
All sorts of people: your family, your friends, your business partners, they all have opinions on which path you should take: "And let me tell you, go through this pipe." 
Once I saw an ad, and it was a lot of friends, they were going up a mountain, it was a very high mountain, and it was a lot of work. 
Two seconds later, one looks at the other and says, "Okay, let's go down." 
The only way to really achieve all of your dreams is to fully enjoy every step of your journey. 
And imagine if, through new scientific advances, we were just beginning to understand its importance to how we think of ourselves. 
We haven't demonstrated this in humans yet but maybe it's just a matter of time before we find out.  So microbes are performing a huge range of functions. 
So what would a map of all these microbial communities look like? 
Different parts of the world have different landscapes of organisms that are immediately characteristic of one place or another With microbiology, it's kind of the same, although I've got to be honest with you: All the microbes essentially look the same under a microscope. 
So when we take them together, they look like this. 
It's a bit more difficult to tell who lives where now, isn't it? 
Each point here represents all the complex microbes in an entire microbial community. 
Well, it depends on what you think of as our bodies. 
So babies that come out the regular way, all of their microbes are basically like the vaginal community, whereas babies that are delivered by C-section, all of their microbes instead look like skin. 
So how we're born has a tremendous effect on what microbes we have initially, but where do we go after that? 
What's going to happen is that the infant is going to start off as this yellow dot, and you can see that he's starting off basically in the vaginal community, as we would expect from his delivery mode. 
Well, fascinatingly, it turns out that if you give children antibiotics in the first six months of life, they're more likely to become obese later on than if they don't get antibiotics then or only get them later, and so what we do early on may have profound impacts on the gut microbial community and on later health that we're only beginning to understand. 
But how can we tell whether these microbial differences that correlate with disease are cause or effect? 
Well, one thing we can do is we can raise some mice without any microbes of their own in a germ-free bubble. 
What happens is, they send in their samples, we sequence the DNA of their microbes and then release the results back to them. 
We also release them, de-identified, to scientists, to educators, to interested members of the general public, and so forth, so anyone can have access to the data. 
On the other hand, when we do tours of our lab at the BioFrontiers Institute, and we explain that we use robots and lasers to look at poop, it turns out that not everyone wants to know. 
So, this is a terrible form of diarrhea where you have to go up to 20 times a day, and these people have failed antibiotic therapy for two years before they're eligible for this trial. 
So one day after you do that transplant, all those symptoms clear up, the diarrhea vanishes, and they're essentially healthy again, coming to resemble the donor's community, and they stay there. 
 So we're just at the beginning of this discovery. 
We're just finding out that microbes have implications for all these different kinds of diseases, ranging from inflammatory bowel disease to obesity, and perhaps even autism and depression. 
That same technology was deployed later in North Africa for similar purposes to help activists stay connected when governments were deliberately shutting off connectivity as a means of population control. 
Eventually, these innovations will get out and find everyone. 
And so most of you aren't tackling oppressive regimes on the weekends, so I wanted to think of a few examples that might be a little bit more relatable. 
These technologies make patient intake in medical facilities much more efficient, and in turn, these medical facilities are starting to expect these types of efficiencies. 
What does the medical experience look like for someone who doesn't have the $400 phone or watch tracking their every movement? 
You can check out books from home, you can research on the way to school or from school, but these are really two big assumptions, that one, you have access at home, and two, that you have access to a mobile phone, and in Philadelphia, many kids do not. 
So what does their education experience look like in the wake of a completely cloud-based library, what used to be considered such a basic part of education? 
Migrant communities, older generations dying off, and ultimately poor record-keeping have led to conflicts over who owns what. 
They spend most of their time rehabilitating gibbons, but they also have to spend a lot of their time protecting their area from illegal logging that takes place on the side. 
It's really tempting, as an engineer, always to come up with a high-tech, super-crazy high-tech solution, but in fact, you're in the rainforest. 
We're talking hundreds of kilometers from the nearest road, there's certainly no electricity, but they had very good cell phone service, these people in the towns were on Facebook all the time, they're surfing the web on their phones, and this sort of got me thinking that in fact it would be possible to use the sounds of the forest, pick up the sounds of chainsaws programmatically, because people can't hear them, 
But you have to have a device to go up in the trees. 
It might just be the cheapest, fastest way to fight climate change. 
It's not about seeing a tree from a satellite in an area that's been clear cut, it's about real-time intervention. 
So I said it was the cheapest and fastest way to do it, but in fact, actually, as you saw, they weren't able to do it, so it may not be so cheap and fast. 
Powering them is one of the greater engineering challenges that we had to deal with, because powering a cell phone under a tree canopy, any sort of solar power under a tree canopy, was an as-yet-unsolved problem, and that's this unique solar panel design that you see here, which in fact is built also from recycled byproducts of an industrial process. 
So -- Thank you.  Word of this spread, possibly because we told a lot of people, and in fact, then some really amazing stuff started to happen. 
You would first start by writing your message on a piece of paper, then you would place it into a sealed envelope, and from there, you would go ahead and send it after you put a stamp and address on it. 
But there's a problem with this, and that is, the email servers also hold the encryption keys, so now you have a really big lock with a key placed right next to it. 
But not only that, any government could lawfully ask for and get the key to your data, and this is all without you being aware of it. 
At that time, we were working at the European Organization for Nuclear Research at the world's largest particle collider, which collides protons, by the way. 
We were a bit different. 
But even better than this is that every day between 12 p.m. and 2 p.m., free of charge, the CERN cafeteria comes with several thousand scientists and engineers, and these guys basically know the answers to everything. 
The reality is much more complex and it requires a lot of software that looks a bit like this. 
We need to spend time now to really protect our right to share this only with people that we want to share this with, because without this, we simply can't have a free society. 
I'll give you a clear little example, something that people used to do around the turn of the century -- not this century, the other one. 
Something that would look like this. 
By the way you reacted, I can see your lack of interest. 
Not only that, but I will impose myself a time limit of one second, something that would look like this. 
Now, during all this time, he was holding a small notebook that sometimes he would open and flip through the pages and look at something. 
Go ahead, throw it in any direction so that you can find someone else at random. 
HG: But it was a free choice, correct? 
But what if we decided to search for those amazing things, for those small coincidences in life that are truly amazing? 
So you have the giraffe, go ahead, throw it in any direction so you find one last person at random. 
Now, I want you to take the bill and fold it like this, lengthwise, so it becomes like a rectangle, and then again -- really fold it, really crease it -- and when you have it, please fold the bill again into a little square like this and let me know when you have it. 
First of all, take the marker and go ahead and sign the bill. 
And just like that, very clearly, I want to make sure that we place this in full view from the beginning of this experience and to make sure that everyone is going to see it, we're going to actually have a camera man onstage. 
Go ahead and take some cards and shuffle. 
Please cut and complete. 
HG: I want you to see very clearly that I'm going to open your bill and reveal a small secret that we created. 
Since there's not a discharge plan put in place for these young people, they pretty much reenter society with nothing. 
So I just gave him a look in his eyes and I guess he saw the anger and frustration just burning, and he said to me, "Your eyes are going to get you in a lot of trouble, because you're looking like you want to fight." 
However, institutions need to give these correctional officers proper trainings on how to properly deal with the adolescent population, and they also need to give them proper trainings on how to deal with the mental health population as well. 
I've seen individuals take the state soap that's provided for free and turn them into the most beautiful sculptures that would make Michelangelo look like a kindergartner made it. 
I just came out of the weight shack from working out, and I saw an older gentleman that I knew standing in the middle of the yard just looking up at the sky. 
Mind you, this older gentlemen was serving a 33-and-a-third-to-life sentence in which he already had served 20 years of that sentence. 
Please let me know if you do. Then let me get some lottery numbers." 
Growing up, I was always a good, smart kid. 
Some people would say I was a little too smart for my own good. 
When I first started working there, I proposed many new ideas to my boss every day. 
However, my boss always asked if I had the data to prove it would sell, and asked me to think of product development after analyzing market data. 
However, I was unable to think of anything new at that moment. 
 My ideas were unoriginal. I wasn't getting any new ideas and I grew tired of thinking. 
Your boss was being difficult. The data was difficult. You become sick of thinking. 
Now, I throw out the data. 
And now, instead of data, I'm using a game called Shiritori to come up with new ideas. 
You force those words to connect to what you want to think of and form ideas. 
I wonder if there would be a demand for this at parties? 
Although it's only popping bubbles, it's a great way to kill time, so please pass this around amongst yourselves today and play with it. 
 Anyway, you continue to come up with useless ideas. 
Even if you know what your aim is, think of ideas as freely as if you were throwing darts with your eyes closed. 
If you do so, that idea will be in demand and, moreover, it will be brand new. 
That is how I think of new ideas. 
For example, you could look up two random letters and gather the results or go to the store and connect product names with what you want to think of. 
You wouldn't even realize it. You can come up with ideas that you wouldn't have thought of otherwise. 
However, using this silly game called Shiritori, I look forward to the exciting future you will create, a future you couldn't even imagine. 
He finds some clothes and gets dressed. 
And as he glances out the window, he sees the sight that he gets blessed with of 60 from across the street. 
In the end he was only ready one minute early, But it didn’t matter because she arrived one minute late. 
And one day she was talking about stuck-up 60, She noticed that 59 looked a bit shifty. 
And I became a prime number-themed poetry competition winner, or as I like to call it, a prime minister.  And this is how I discovered these things called poetry slams, and if you don't know what a poetry slam is, it was a format come up with in America 30 years ago as a way of tricking people into going to poetry events by putting an exciting word like "slam" on the end. 
but I wouldn’t wanna deal with all the paper people politics. 
Origami armies unfold plans for paper planes and we remain imprisoned in our own paper chains, but the greater shame is that it always seems to stay the same, what changes is who’s in power choosing how to lay the blame, they’re naming names, forgetting these are names of people, because in the end it all comes down to people. 
People who go out of their way to make your life better, and expect nothing in return. 
When I first started, the people who inspired me were the ones with the amazing stories, and I thought, as an 18-year-old with a happy life, it was too normal, but I could create these worlds where I could talk about my experiences and dreams and beliefs. 
If you weren't here, it would be pretty much like the sound check yesterday. 
Because the sunshine kid was bright, with a warm personality, And inside he burned savagely Hurt by the words and curses of the shadowy folk who spoke holes in his soul and left cavities, And as his heart hardened, his spark darkened, Every time they called him names it cooled his flames, He thought they might like him if he kept his light dim But they were busy telling lightning she had terrible aim, 
But recently, I've discovered that what many of us think of as great leadership does not work when it comes to leading innovation. 
Some shots go through quickly. 
They don't all go through in order. 
It depends on how vexing the challenges are that they come up with when they are working on a particular scene. 
When Build It From Scratch shared their prototype with the group whose beepers would have to go off in the middle of the night if something went wrong with the website, they heard loud and clear about the limitations of their particular design. 
As the need for a solution became more urgent and as the data, or the evidence, began to come in, it became pretty clear that the Big Table solution was the right one for the moment. 
At this point, some of you may be wondering, "What does that leadership really look like?" 
Let's put in a policy that anyone, no matter what their level or role, is allowed to give notes to the director about how they feel about a particular film. 
We've studied many organizations that were really not organizations you'd think of as ones where a lot of innovation happens. 
In Vineet's language, this was about inverting the pyramid so that you could unleash the power of the many by loosening the stranglehold of the few, and increase the quality and the speed of innovation that was happening every day. 
For me, they were colleagues belonging to that community of humanitarian aid workers that tried to bring a bit of comfort to the victims of the wars in Chechnya in the '90s. 
We also need to explain the key values to which they dedicated their lives. 
We also need to demand justice. 
I normally don't talk about this, but I'd like to share a bit with you some of those 317 days of captivity. 
I could do only four small steps. 
Can you imagine that mock execution can be a pastime for guards when they are sadistic or when they are just bored or drunk? 
How do you describe nothing? 
One part of your brain wants you to resist, to shout, to cry, and the other part of the brain orders you to shut up and just go through it. 
I didn't know hunger hurt so much when you have so little. 
The routine was always the same: a bit more light, 45 minutes. 
Sometimes that's the only difference you make -- one individual, one family, a small group of individuals -- and it matters. 
In that war, that nobody seriously wanted to stop, and we have many of these today, bringing some assistance to people in need and a bit of protection was not just an act of humanity, it was making a real difference for the people. 
We may even fail, but there is worse than failing -- it's not even trying when we can. 
Well, if you are met this way, if you sign up for this sort of job, your life is going to be full of joy and sadness, because there are a lot of people we cannot help, a lot of people we cannot protect, a lot of people we did not save. 
I call them my ghost, and by having witnessed their suffering from close, you take a bit of that suffering on yourself. 
Many young humanitarian workers go through their first experience with a lot of bitterness. 
Plus, you're going to put in danger the life of other colleagues. 
I know I'm very lucky compared to the refugees I work for. 
I also know that I'm very lucky compared to other hostages. 
How many of my colleagues went through a difficult divorce because they could not explain anything anymore to their spouse? 
I call on you to remember their dedication and demand that humanitarian aid workers around the world be better protected. 
After my ordeal, a lot of colleagues asked me, "But why do you continue? 
I'd like to tell you a story about death and architecture. 
We tended to die at home, in our own beds, looked after by family, although that was the default option because a lot of people lacked access to medical care. 
And then in the 20th century a lot of things changed. 
After the Second World War, a lot of countries set up universal healthcare systems so that everyone who needed treatment could get it. 
The 20th century was this time of huge optimism about what science could offer, but with all of the focus on life, death was forgotten, even as our approach to death changed dramatically. 
Now, I'm an architect, and for the past year and a half I've been looking at these changes and at what they mean for architecture related to death and dying. 
During that period, we'll likely spend a lot of time in hospitals and hospices and care homes. 
Now, if we want better buildings for dying, then we have to talk about it, but because we find the subject of death uncomfortable, we don't talk about it, and we don't question how we as a society approach death. 
So this conversation about death and architecture was what I wanted to start when I did my first exhibition on it in Venice in June, which was called "Death in Venice." 
This is one of our exhibits, which is an interactive map of London that shows just how much of the real estate in the city is given over to death and dying, and as you wave your hand across the map, the name of that piece of real estate, the building or cemetery, is revealed. 
But actually, I would question whether there is one way that you're supposed to act around death, and if there's not, I'd ask you to think about what you think a good death is, and what you think that architecture that supports a good death might be like, and mightn't it be a little less like this and a little more like this? 
In response, the Bretton Woods institutions -- the IMF and the World Bank -- pushed for free trade not aid, yet the historical record shows little empirical evidence that free trade leads to economic growth. 
We seem to be fixated on this romanticized idea that every poor peasant in Africa is an entrepreneur. 
Perhaps we are not at a stage in Africa where many actors and small enterprises leads to growth through competition. 
We invested in the second scenario, and backed 26-year-old Kenyan entrepreneur Eric Muthomi to set up an agro-processing factory called Stawi to produce gluten-free banana-based flour and baby food. 
The scramble for Africa during the Berlin Conference of 1884 -- where, quite frankly, we Africans were not exactly consulted --   -- resulted in massive fragmentation and many sovereign states with small populations: Liberia, four million; Cape Verde, 500,000. 
The pan-African opportunities outweigh the challenges, and that's why we're expanding Stawi's markets from just Kenya to Algeria, Nigeria, Ghana, and anywhere else that will buy our food. 
While it's not the sexiest approach, and maybe it doesn't achieve the same feel-good as giving a woman 100 dollars to buy a goat on kiva.org, perhaps supporting fewer, higher-impact entrepreneurs to build massive businesses that scale pan-Africa can help change this. 
We hope to aid this fight for economic freedom by building world-class businesses, creating indigenous wealth, providing jobs that we so desperately need, and hopefully helping achieve this. 
Now, I want to be clear here. 
What I'm saying is that getting some of these symptoms doesn't amount to a mental disorder, and when psychologists come up with a disorder that's so vaguely defined, the label eventually becomes meaningless. 
If we want to understand the specific characteristics of women who have PMS, we need to be able to compare them to women who don't have PMS. 
To do reliable research on any condition, scientists must agree on the specific characteristics that make up that condition so they're all talking about the same thing, and with PMS, this has not been the case. 
Not all women, not most women, not the majority of women, not even a lot of women: three to eight percent. 
For everyone else, variables like stressful events or happy occasions or even day of the week are more powerful predictors of mood than time of the month, and this is the information the scientific community has had since the 1990s. 
That's a lot of doctor visits. 
We know the emotions and moods of men and women are more similar than different, so let's walk away from the tired old PMS myth of women as witches and embrace the reality of high emotional and professional functioning the great majority of women live every day. 
We are built out of very small stuff, and we are embedded in a very large cosmos, and the fact is that we are not very good at understanding reality at either of those scales, and that's because our brains haven't evolved to understand the world at that scale. 
Snakes include some infrared in their reality, and honeybees include ultraviolet in their view of the world, and of course we build machines in the dashboards of our cars to pick up on signals in the radio frequency range, and we built machines in hospitals to pick up on the X-ray range. 
Now, across the animal kingdom, different animals pick up on different parts of reality. 
That's the slice of their ecosystem that they can pick up on, and we have a word for this in science. 
Now, presumably, every animal assumes that its umwelt is the entire objective reality out there, because why would you ever stop to imagine that there's something beyond what we can sense. 
And as recently as 15 years ago, there were a lot of scientists who thought these technologies wouldn't work. 
All it ever sees are electrochemical signals that come in along different data cables, and this is all it has to work with, and nothing more. 
It's just what we have inherited from a complex road of evolution. 
So if you wiggle a coffee cup in front of the camera, you're feeling that in your back, and amazingly, blind people got pretty good just by feeling it in the small of their back. 
The most modern incarnation is called the brainport, and this is a little electrogrid that sits on your tongue, and the video feed gets turned into these little electrotactile signals, and blind people get so good at using this that they can throw a ball into a basket, or they can navigate complex obstacle courses. 
He doesn't know that what we're feeding is real-time data from the stock market, and he's making buy and sell decisions. 
So we'll report on that later to see how well this goes. 
Just imagine an astronaut being able to feel the overall health of the International Space Station, or, for that matter, having you feel the invisible states of your own health, like your blood sugar and the state of your microbiome, or having 360-degree vision or seeing in infrared or ultraviolet. 
DE: I mean, I think there's a lot of applications here. 
It looks fairly simple, but it's quite complex at the same time. 
And could we be inspired by Hollywood and come up with ways to actually try to get this to work? 
And we refer to this as CLIP. [Continuous Liquid Interface Production.] It has three functional components. 
In addition, as our ability to deliver liquid to that interface, we can go 1,000 times faster I believe, and that in fact opens up the opportunity for generating a lot of heat, and as a chemical engineer, I get very excited at heat transfer and the idea that we might one day have water-cooled 3D printers, because they're going so fast. 
These look like injection-molded parts, which is very different than traditional 3D manufacturing. 
Think about if you need a stent in an emergency situation, instead of the doctor pulling off a stent out of the shelf that was just standard sizes, having a stent that's designed for you, for your own anatomy with your own tributaries, printed in an emergency situation in real time out of the properties such that the stent could go away after 18 months: really-game changing. 
  I realized later that night, I'm probably the only person over 40 who does not want to be 22 again. 
Unlike me, though, your boss probably wasn't the president of the United States of America. 
Today, I want to share some of my experience with you, talk about how that experience has helped shape my cultural observations, and how I hope my past experience can lead to a change that results in less suffering for others. 
Tyler's tragic, senseless death was a turning point for me. 
In 1998, we had no way of knowing where this brave new technology called the Internet would take us. 
Every day online, people, especially young people who are not developmentally equipped to handle this, are so abused and humiliated that they can't imagine living to the next day, and some, tragically, don't, and there's nothing virtual about that. 
ChildLine, a U.K. nonprofit that's focused on helping young people on various issues, released a staggering statistic late last year: From 2012 to 2013, there was an 87 percent increase in calls and emails related to cyberbullying. 
Millions of people, often anonymously, can stab you with their words, and that's a lot of pain, and there are no perimeters around how many people can publicly observe you and put you in a public stockade. 
Snapchat, the service which is used mainly by younger generations and claims that its messages only have the lifespan of a few seconds. 
You can imagine the range of content that that gets. 
The theory of minority influence, proposed by social psychologist Serge Moscovici, says that even in small numbers, when there's consistency over time, change can happen. 
We can also counteract the culture by supporting organizations that deal with these kinds of issues, like the Tyler Clementi Foundation in the U.S., In the U.K., there's Anti-Bullying Pro, and in Australia, there's Project Rockit. 
Just imagine walking a mile in someone else's headline. 
Yes, we have prototyped cars that can drive by themselves, but without smart vision, they cannot really tell the difference between a crumpled paper bag on the road, which can be run over, and a rock that size, which should be avoided. 
We have made fabulous megapixel cameras, but we have not delivered sight to the blind. 
The first step towards this goal is to teach a computer to see objects, the building block of the visual world. 
In its simplest terms, imagine this teaching process as showing the computers some training images of a particular object, let's say cats, and designing a model that learns from these training images. 
That's a lot of training examples. 
In hindsight, this idea of using big data to train computer algorithms may seem obvious now, but back in 2007, it was not so obvious. 
Some very friendly colleagues advised me to do something more useful for my tenure, and we were constantly struggling for research funding. 
Of course there are more things than cats, so here's a computer algorithm telling us the picture contains a boy and a teddy bear; a dog, a person, and a small kite in the background; or a picture of very busy things like a man, a skateboard, railings, a lampost, and so on. 
This is like a small child learning to utter a few nouns. 
Now, I'm ready to show you what the computer says when it sees the picture that the little girl saw at the beginning of this talk. 
FFL: So of course, when it sees too many cats, it thinks everything might look like a cat. 
The boy is wearing his favorite t-shirt given to him as a gift by his father after a trip to Sydney, and you and I can all tell how happy he is and what's exactly on his mind at that moment. 
On my quest for visual intelligence, I think of Leo constantly and the future world he will live in. 
Robots, not just humans, will help us to brave the disaster zones to save the trapped and wounded. 
Little by little, we're giving sight to the machines. 
Born in Ohio to Indian immigrants, I settled on the ultimate rebellion against my parents, moving to the country they had worked so damn hard to get out of. 
I knew at once I wanted to learn more, and eventually that I would write a book about them, for their story was the story of America's fracturing and of how it might be put back together. 
And then, before long, he found himself on death row, for in his 2001 counter-jihad, he had shot not one mini-mart clerk, but three. 
Strangely, death row was the first institution that left Stroman better. 
Go back further, and it's even more striking: Since the 60s, the middle class has shrunk by 20 percent, mainly because of the people tumbling out of it. 
If you live near a Whole Foods, if no one in your family serves in the military, if you're paid by the year, not the hour, if most people you know finished college, if no one you know uses meth, if you married once and remain married, if you're not one of 65 million Americans with a criminal record -- if any or all of these things describe you, then accept the possibility that actually, 
An America whose two halves learn again to stride, to plow, to forge, to dare together. 
One of the things that really excites me in my artistic practice and being trained as a potter is that you very quickly learn how to make great things out of nothing; that I spent a lot of time at my wheel with mounds of clay trying stuff; and that the limitations of my capacity, my ability, was based on my hands and my imagination; that if I wanted to make a really nice bowl 
There have been times in my artistic capacity that I wanted to reflect on other really important moments in the history of the U.S., the history of the world where tough things happened, but how do you talk about tough ideas without separating people from that content? 
My dad was a roofer, construction guy, he owned small businesses, and at 80, he was ready to retire and his tar kettle was my inheritance. 
It was stinky and it took up a lot of space in my studio, but I asked my dad if he would be willing to make some art with me, if we could reimagine this kind of nothing material as something very special. 
And by elevating the material and my dad's skill, could we start to think about tar just like clay, in a new way, shaping it differently, helping us to imagine what was possible? 
For those of you who are not Chicagoans, that won't mean anything, but if I didn't mention that I was a West Sider, there would be a lot of people in the city that would be very upset. 
All of us know about failing housing markets and the challenges of blight, and I feel like we talk about it with some of our cities more than others, but I think a lot of our U.S. cities and beyond have the challenge of blight, abandoned buildings that people no longer know what to do anything with. 
Because the broom was free and sweeping was free. 
 But we would use the building, then, to stage exhibitions, small dinners, and we found that that building on my block, Dorchester -- we now referred to the block as Dorchester projects -- that in a way that building became a kind of gathering site for lots of different kinds of activity. 
This building, which had been the former crack house on the block, and when the building became abandoned, it became a great opportunity to really imagine what else could happen there. 
Black Cinema House, which was made from just a small piece of clay, had to grow into a much larger piece of clay, which is now my studio. 
 And so now that the rumor of my block has spread, and lots of people are starting to visit, we've found that the bank can now be a center for exhibition, archives, music performance, and that there are people who are now interested in being adjacent to those buildings because we brought some heat, that we kind of made a fire. 
And it went from a bowl to a singular house to a block to a neighborhood to a cultural district to thinking about the city, and at every point, there were things that I didn't know that I had to learn. 
But as a result of that, I'm finding that there's not just room for my own artistic practice, there's room for a lot of other artistic practices. 
So now, we're starting to give advice around the country on how to start with what you got, how to start with the things that are in front of you, how to make something out of nothing, how to reshape your world at a wheel or at your block or at the scale of the city. 
Theaster Gates: One of the things I've found that's really important is giving thought to not just the kind of individual project, like an old house, but what's the relationship between an old house, a local school, a small bodega, and is there some kind of synergy between those things? 
TG: Yeah, I think that now there are lots of examples of folk who are doing amazing work, but those methods are sometimes like, when the media is constantly saying that only violent things happen in a place, then based on your skill set and the particular context, what are the things that you can do in your neighborhood to kind of fight some of that? 
But are there ways to think about housing trusts or land trusts or a mission-based development that starts to protect some of the space that happens, because when you have 7,500 empty lots in a city, you want something to happen there, but you need entities that are not just interested in the development piece, but entities that are interested in the stabilization piece, and I feel like often the developer piece is really motivated, 
and then people can make a demand that's a poetic demand, and the political demands that are necessary to wake up our cities, they also become very poetic. 
That meant that people were taught to be smart cowards, stay out of trouble. 
We pretended. We all became smart cowards. 
I belong to a group of young people who are passionate about the country, who want to bring about change, and they're no longer afraid, and they're no longer smart cowards. 
That day in the stadium, I stood up as a smart coward. 
When I was 22 years old, I was lucky enough to find my calling when I fell into making radio stories. 
So I decided to pick up my tape recorder and find out more. 
Guys stayed up in these cheap hotels for decades. 
Many people think of it as, if this was to be our last conversation, what would I want to ask of and say to this person who means so much to me? 
As you may know, kids with Asperger's are incredibly smart but have a tough time socially. 
SL: Well, I can understand why you think that people like Amy more, and I'm not saying it's because of your Asperger's syndrome, but being friendly comes easily to Amy, whereas I think for you it's more difficult, but the people who take the time to get to know you love you so much. 
SL: And that helped when Amy was born, but you are so incredibly special to me and I'm so lucky to have you as my son. 
 You know, a lot of people talk about crying when they hear StoryCorps stories, and it's not because they're sad. 
A dozen years later, Mary went to prison to meet Oshea and find out who this person was who had taken her son's life. 
In the interview, she talks with her daughter Lesley about joining a gang as a young man, and later in life transitioning into the woman she was always meant to be. 
One of the fruits of that is, in my relationship with my granddaughters, they fight with each other sometimes over whether I'm he or she. 
Lesley Martinez: But they're free to talk about it. 
AM: They're free to talk about it, but that, to me, is a miracle. 
They asked me to come up with a very brief wish for humanity, no more than 50 words. 
 Or imagine mothers on opposite sides of a conflict somewhere in the world sitting down not to talk about that conflict but to find out who they are as people, and in doing so, begin to build bonds of trust; or that someday it becomes a tradition all over the world that people are honored with a StoryCorps interview on their 75th birthday; or that people in your community go into retirement homes or hospitals or homeless shelters or even prisons 
Every day, people come up to me and say, "I wish I had interviewed my father or my grandmother or my brother, but I waited too long." 
And people laughed at the very idea because software, at that time, was given away free with hardware. 
Nobody would buy software, certainly not from a woman. 
 My company, called Freelance Programmers, and that's precisely what it was, couldn't have started smaller: on the dining room table, and financed by the equivalent of 100 dollars in today's terms, and financed by my labor and by borrowing against the house. 
 When I started my company of women, the men said, "How interesting, because it only works because it's small." 
In their own words, I would move out -- which I did when I was 18 -- I will pay taxes -- thanks --  -- and they knew the difference between love and fear. 
And my brain, thanks to my parents, has been activated to form images in my visual cortex, which we now call the imaging system, from those patterns of information, much as your brain does. 
But I was not raised to think of myself as in any way remarkable. 
And you're going to learn a bit of flash sonar. 
When blind people learn to see, sighted people seem inspired to want to learn to see their way better, more clearly, with less fear, because this exemplifies the immense capacity within us all to navigate any type of challenge, through any form of darkness, to discoveries unimagined when we are activated. 
When I was a kid, the disaster we worried about most was a nuclear war. 
When the nuclear attack came, we were supposed to go downstairs, hunker down, and eat out of that barrel. 
Today the greatest risk of global catastrophe doesn't look like this. 
Now, part of the reason for this is that we've invested a huge amount in nuclear deterrents. 
I'm sure all of you read about it in the newspaper, lots of tough challenges. 
We didn't have a group of epidemiologists ready to go, who would have gone, seen what the disease was, seen how far it had spread. 
The first is that there was a lot of heroic work by the health workers. 
And by the time you're contagious, most people are so sick that they're bedridden. 
So we can have tools, but those tools need to be put into an overall global health system. 
NATO does a lot of war games to check, are people well trained? 
So those are the kinds of things we need to deal with an epidemic. 
The World Bank estimates that if we have a worldwide flu epidemic, global wealth will go down by over three trillion dollars and we'd have millions and millions of deaths. 
We don't have to hoard cans of spaghetti or go down into the basement. 
Number one: China feels as if it's been humiliated at the hands of the West through a hundred years of history, beginning with the Opium Wars. 
Of course, all that happens if you've got a common mechanism and political will to achieve the above. 
The white folks, our Aboriginal brothers and sisters, and we haven't solved all these problems together, but let me tell you, there was a new beginning because we had gone not just to the head, we'd gone also to the heart. 
 Chris Anderson: Thanks so much for that. Thanks so much for that. 
See what you can find out about where they come from and what they think, and my challenge for all the Chinese folks who are going to watch this TED Talk at some time is do the same. 
Those of us up the middle, we can make a small contribution. 
 So, now I'm a filmmaker, or, the beginning of a filmmaker, and I started using the tools that are available to me as a filmmaker to try to tell the most compelling stories that I can to an audience. 
It asked you to put in the address where you grew up at the beginning of it. 
What happens when people expect something from their physiology? 
So to make it simpler, imagine I ask you to tell me, how much wealth do you think is concentrated in the bottom two buckets, the bottom 40 percent? 
And for older people? 
We also learned that people are particularly open to changes in equality when it comes to people who have less agency -- basically, young kids and babies, because we don't think of them as responsible for their situation. 
I think part of the answer is to think about people like young kids and babies that don't have much agency, because people seem to be more willing to do this. 
In order to do that, I need to explain to you something about the origin of the solar system. 
What then happened, according to theory, is that when the Earth had cooled down a bit after its formation, comets massively impacted the Earth and delivered water to Earth. 
They probably also delivered complex organic material to Earth, and that may have bootstrapped the emergence of life. 
You can compare this to having to solve a 250-piece puzzle and not a 2,000-piece puzzle. 
In the sky, they look like this. 
There's the coma, and then there is the nucleus, which here is too small to see, and you have to remember that in the case of Rosetta, the spacecraft is in that center pixel. 
Comets contain the original material from which our solar system was formed, so they're ideal to study the components that were present at the time when Earth, and life, started. 
In parallel, a small mission to a comet, what you see here, Giotto, was launched, and in 1986, flew by the comet of Halley with an armada of other spacecraft. 
From the results of that mission, it became immediately clear that comets were ideal bodies to study to understand our solar system. 
So I've never had to buy any china since. That's the positive part. 
This is one wing, and these are not specially selected small people. 
Now later on, of course, when we got to the comet, you find out that 65 square meters of sail close to a body which is outgassing is not always a very handy choice. 
Because we had to go there for the Rosetta scientific objectives very far away -- four times the distance of the Earth to the sun -- and also at a much higher velocity than we could achieve with fuel, because we'd have to take six times as much fuel as the whole spacecraft weighed. 
We had to do eight maneuvers, and you see here, some of them were really big. 
So there is one spot, apparently, where there is a lot of stuff coming from, it gets heated in the Sun, and then cools down on the back side. 
Nobody had expected this body to look like this. 
Now we know these from Mars, but this comet doesn't have an atmosphere, so it's a bit difficult to create a wind-blown shadow. 
But much the same as Rosetta, and that is because you want to compare what you find in space with what you find on the comet. 
Now, on a bit of a comical note here is that originally Rosetta was designed to have a lander which would bounce. 
So we've been rather lucky that we are where we are. 
The activity increase we saw in June, July, August last year was a four-fold activity increase. 
When this story was published in the Washington Post, I started receiving death threats, and I was forced to leave Afghanistan, as my parents were. 
Hazaras are confined into two small areas, and they are marginalized socially, educationally, and financially. 
He later died of his injuries. 
My journey was much longer, much more complicated, and certainly more dangerous, traveling to Thailand by air, and then by road and boat to Malaysia and into Indonesia, paying people and smugglers all the way and spending a lot of time hiding and a lot of time in fear of being caught. 
After spending a week in Bogor, three of my roommates left for the perilous journey, and we got the news two days later that a distressed boat sank in the sea en route to Christmas Island. 
Eventually, we made it to a small island. 
I also decided to stay in Indonesia and process my case through UNHCR, but I was really afraid that I would end up in Indonesia for many years doing nothing and unable to work, like every other asylum seeker. 
Not every asylum seeker is lucky like me. 
Now these days, kids need a small dosage of danger. 
So it's not exactly small at all. 
But I will come to that later on. 
And you know, outcasting the family is the biggest social punishment one can think of. 
 And that was possible because the beginning would have been to change the family name, or surname, because in India, most of the family names are caste names. 
And then, later on, I gave a new name to myself: Satyarthi, that means, "seeker of truth." 
 And that was the beginning of my transformative anger. 
And then I learned how the energy of burning fire, coal, the nuclear blast inside the chambers, raging river currents, fierce winds, could be converted into the light and lives of millions. 
I cannot explain my joy when I free a child. 
So the policemen, instead of helping me, they threw me in this small, tiny shell, like an animal. 
And I believed in the power of consumers, and let me tell you that this was the first time when a campaign was launched by me or anywhere in the world, to educate and sensitize the consumers to create a demand for child-labor-free rugs. 
 My anger at the age of 27, to free that girl who was about to be sold to a brothel, has given me an idea to go for a new strategy of raid and rescue, freeing children from slavery. 
And I am so lucky and proud to say that it is not one or 10 or 20, but my colleagues and I have been able to physically liberate 83,000 child slaves and hand them over back to their families and mothers. 
Chris, let me tell you, and that is the truth, each time when I free a child, the child who has lost all his hope that he will ever come back to his mother, the first smile of freedom, and the mother who has lost all hope that the son or daughter can ever come back and sit in her lap, they become so emotional and the first tear of joy rolls down on her cheek, 
I started in my 20s trading commodities, cotton in particular, in the pits, and if there was ever a free market free-for-all, this was it, where men wearing ties but acting like gladiators fought literally and physically for a profit. 
And over that time, I've seen a lot of crazy things in the markets, and I've traded a lot of crazy manias. 
["U.S. Share of Income Going to Labor vs. CEO-to-Worker Compensation Ratio"] Now, higher profit margins do not increase societal wealth. 
The more you go up that, the worse the problems are, and those metrics include life expectancy, teenage pregnancy, literacy, social mobility, just to name a few. 
Here's a small but startling example of exactly how we're doing that: this chart shows corporate giving as a percentage of profits, not revenues, over the last 30 years. 
And one way to do it is actually trusting the system that got us here in the first place, and that's the free market system. 
Now, right now, there's no widely accepted standard that a company or corporation can follow, and that's where Just Capital comes in, because beginning this year and every year we'll be conducting a nationwide survey of a representative sample of 20,000 Americans to find out exactly what they think are the criteria for justness in corporate behavior. 
Now, this is a model that's going to start in the United States but can be expanded anywhere around the globe, and maybe we'll find out that the most important thing for the public is that we create living wage jobs, or make healthy products, or help, not harm, the environment. 
So we'll release the findings this September for the first time, and then next year, we'll poll again, and we'll take the additive step this time of ranking the 1,000 largest U.S. companies from number one to number 1,000 and everything in between. 
And maybe over time, we'll find out that as people come to know which companies are the most just, human and economic resources will be driven towards them, and they'll become the most prosperous and help our country be the most prosperous. 
Well, you know, sometimes the most important things come in the smallest packages. 
Think of it as conditions in the subsurface of a planet where you are very far away from a sun, but you still have water, energy, nutrients, which for some of them means food, and a protection. 
So when you think of it at that point, all walls collapse. 
And you know, it's getting worse, because we won't be able to find the physical evidence of where we are coming from on this planet, and the reason being is that anything that is older than four billion years is gone. 
Well clearly at the beginning of the solar system, Mars and the Earth were bombarded by giant asteroids and comets, and there were ejecta from these impacts all over the place. 
But in the end, it might be just us, it might be us and Mars, or it can be many trees of life in the solar system. 
This can be our legacy, but only if we dare to explore. 
Right here in the journey of our own solar system, there is a very, very powerful message that says here's how we should look for alien life, small and big. 
Now, to understand laughter, you have to look at a part of the body that psychologists and neuroscientists don't normally spend much time looking at, which is the ribcage, and it doesn't seem terribly exciting, but actually you're all using your ribcage all the time. 
So Robert Provine, who has done a lot of work on this, has pointed out that you are 30 times more likely to laugh if you are with somebody else than if you're on your own, and where you find most laughter is in social interactions like conversation. 
You're doing all that at the same time as talking to them, and the laughter is doing a lot of that emotional work for you. 
Involuntary vocalizations are part of an older system than the more voluntary vocalizations like the speech I'm doing now. 
So we might imagine that laughter might actually have two different roots. 
So imagine your friend told a joke, and you're laughing because you like your friend, but not really because the joke's all that. 
They seem to be different things to us. 
In contrast, posed laughter, we might think it sounds a bit fake. 
We use it a lot, we're choosing to laugh in a lot of situations, and it seems to be its own thing. 
So they do seem to be genuinely these two different sorts of things. 
If we turn the question around and now say not, what does the laughter sound like in terms of being real or posed, but we say, how much does this laughter make you want to laugh, how contagious is this laughter to you, we see a different profile. 
So we've got a very interesting behavior about which a lot of our lay assumptions are incorrect, but I'm coming to see that actually there's even more to laughter than it's an important social emotion we should look at, because it turns out people are phenomenally nuanced in terms of how we use laughter. 
And what you see is immediately -- just run that one through your head briefly, you and your partner -- you can imagine everybody gets a bit more stressed as soon as that starts. 
I think this is probably going to be a characteristic of close emotional relationships such as you might have with friends, which explains my next clip, which is of a YouTube video of some young men in the former East Germany on making a video to promote their heavy metal band, and it's extremely macho, and the mood is very serious, and I want you to notice what happens in terms of laughter 
 The thing I really like about that is it's all very serious until he jumps onto the ice, and as soon as he doesn't go through the ice, but also there isn't blood and bone everywhere, his friends start laughing. 
And imagine if that had played him out with him standing there going, "No seriously, Heinrich, I think this is broken," we wouldn't enjoy watching that. That would be stressful. 
  These events are always difficult, I had a relative who was being a bit difficult, my mum was not in a good place, and I can remember finding myself just before the whole thing started telling this story about something that happened in a 1970s sitcom, and I just thought at the time, I don't know why I'm doing this, and what I realized I was doing was I was coming up with something from somewhere 
Clear answers to this question were almost completely inaccessible until 2008, when NASA launched a new telescope that better detects gamma ray light -- that is, light with energies a million times higher than your standard x-ray scan. 
I simultaneously compare variations between the gamma ray light data and the visible light data from day to day and year to year, to better localize these gamma ray blobs. 
From these drawings, we know that this creature, which lived about 100 million years ago, was very big, it had tall spines on its back, forming a magnificent sail, and it had long, slender jaws, a bit like a crocodile, with conical teeth, that may have been used to catch slippery prey, like fish. 
You have to deal with sandstorms and snakes and scorpions, and it's very difficult to find good fossils there. 
Again, this is something we see in animals that spend a lot of time in the water, it's useful for buoyancy control in the water. 
And that's the fight against global poverty. 
Now there's plenty of room for critique that we haven't done enough, and what it is that we've done hasn't been effective enough, but the truth is this: The fight against global poverty is probably the broadest, longest running manifestation of the human phenomenon of compassion in the history of our species. 
This became even more clear to me when I met Griselda. 
Around the world, poor women and girls between the ages of 15 and 44, they are -- when victims of the everyday violence of domestic abuse and sexual violence -- those two forms of violence account for more death and disability than malaria, than car accidents, than war combined. 
What does that look like? 
So you would think that the disintegration of basic law enforcement in the developing world would be a huge priority for the global fight against poverty. 
And they looked at each other, and they said, practically in unison, "We buy it." 
Number one: We have to start making stopping violence indispensable to the fight against poverty. 
Talk to us a bit about some of the things that have actually been happening to, for example, boost police training. 
And we've seen prosecutions against perpetrators of sexual violence increase by more than 1,000 percent. 
I think of how hard it must have been, how profoundly unfair it must have felt for them to feel like they had to strip away parts of my childhood just so that I could come home at night. 
For example, I think of how one night, when I was around 12 years old, on an overnight field trip to another city, my friends and I bought Super Soakers and turned the hotel parking lot into our own water-filled battle zone. 
I know now how scared he must have been, how easily I could have fallen into the empty of the night, that some man would mistake this water for a good reason to wash all of this away. 
Isadora Duncan --  -- crazy, long-legged woman from San Francisco, got tired of this country, and she wanted to get out. 
But, this is not the beginning of the 20th century. 
Another way to look at this is to think of world GDP over the last 10,000 years, I've actually taken the trouble to plot this for you in a graph. 
Basically, you got out only what you put in. 
Think of all the crazy technologies that you could have imagined maybe humans could have developed in the fullness of time: cures for aging, space colonization, self-replicating nanobots or uploading of minds into computers, all kinds of science fiction-y stuff that's nevertheless consistent with the laws of physics. 
We need to think of intelligence as an optimization process, a process that steers the future into a particular set of configurations. 
It's extremely good at using available means to achieve a state in which its goal is realized. 
When the A.I. becomes superintelligent, it realizes that there is a more effective way to achieve this goal: take control of the world and stick electrodes into the facial muscles of humans to cause constant, beaming grins. 
When the A.I. becomes superintelligent, it realizes that the most effective way to get the solution to this problem is by transforming the planet into a giant computer, so as to increase its thinking capacity. 
More creative scenarios are also possible, like if you're the A.I., you can imagine wiggling electrodes around in your internal circuitry to create radio waves that you can use to communicate. 
We wouldn't have to write down a long list of everything we care about, or worse yet, spell it out in some computer language like C++ or Python, that would be a task beyond hopeless. 
The values that the A.I. has need to match ours, not just in the familiar context, like where we can easily check how the A.I. behaves, but also in all novel contexts that the A.I. might encounter in the indefinite future. 
And there are also some esoteric issues that would need to be solved, sorted out: the exact details of its decision theory, how to deal with logical uncertainty and so forth. 
Now it might be that we cannot solve the entire control problem in advance because maybe some elements can only be put in place once you know the details of the architecture where it will be implemented. 
This to me looks like a thing that is well worth doing and I can imagine that if things turn out okay, that people a million years from now look back at this century and it might well be that they say that the one thing we did that really mattered was to get this thing right. 
The brain is an amazing and complex organ. 
And one of the reasons why is that the equipment is so complex and so expensive that it's really only done at major universities and large institutions. 
When I was a graduate student, my lab mate Tim Marzullo and myself, decided that what if we took this complex equipment that we have for studying the brain and made it simple enough and affordable enough that anyone that you know, an amateur or a high school student, could learn and actually participate in the discovery of neuroscience. 
They're going to go down across your corpus callosum, down onto your spinal cord to your lower motor neuron out to your muscles here, and that electrical discharge is going to be picked up by these electrodes right here and we're going to be able to listen to exactly what your brain is going to be doing. 
GG: Let's try it out. So go ahead and squeeze your hand. 
So in a sense, she will take away your free will and you will no longer have any control over this hand. 
So now I'm going to hook you up over here so that you get the -- It's going to feel a little bit weird at first, this is going to feel like a --  You know, when you lose your free will, and someone else becomes your agent, it does feel a bit strange. 
I'm not going to turn it on yet, so go ahead and give it a squeeze. 
GG: I've turned it on, so go ahead and turn your hand. 
All right, so right now, your brain is controlling your arm and it's also controlling his arm, so go ahead and just do it one more time. 
What this program does is produces fluorescent proteins in a rhythmic fashion and generates a small molecule that allows bacteria to communicate and synchronize, as you're seeing in this movie. 
Now, what you can't see is that our genetic program instructs these bacteria to each produce small molecules, and these molecules travel between the thousands of individual bacteria telling them when to turn on and off. 
Altogether, imagine in the future taking a programmed probiotic that could detect and treat cancer, or even other diseases. 
Young people emerge from college with pride and with great friends and with a lot of knowledge about the world. 
The problem's actually a bit worse than this 'cause we're not just sending poor kids to prison, we're saddling poor kids with court fees, with probation and parole restrictions, with low-level warrants, we're asking them to live in halfway houses and on house arrest, and we're asking them to negotiate a police force that is entering poor communities of color, not for the purposes of promoting public safety, but to make arrest counts, to line city coffers. 
The first week I spent in this neighborhood, I saw two boys, five and seven years old, play this game of chase, where the older boy ran after the other boy. 
Fifty-two times, I watched the police break down doors, chase people through houses or make an arrest of someone in their home. 
It was their grandfather's pension that supported the family, not really enough to pay for food and clothes and school supplies for growing boys. 
Tim's first arrest came later that year after he turned 11. 
I want you to imagine for a second what Chuck and Tim's lives would be like if they were living in a neighborhood where kids were going to college, not prison. 
If Chuck had gone to my high school, that schoolyard fight would have ended there, as a schoolyard fight. 
But can you imagine how many might have if the police had stopped those kids and searched their pockets for drugs as they walked to class? 
Can we imagine something better? 
Can we imagine a criminal justice system that prioritizes recovery, prevention, civic inclusion, rather than punishment? 
We're seeing states throw out Stop and Frisk as the civil rights violation that it is. 
It may seem like these paths to adulthood are worlds apart, but the young people participating in these two institutions conveying us to adulthood, they have one thing in common: Both can be leaders in the work of reforming our criminal justice system. 
Young people have always been leaders in the fight for equal rights, the fight for more people to be granted dignity and a fighting chance at freedom. 
DL: She's pretty happy to talk to another human at this point. 
I'm not very happy right now. 
As happy as I was this morning, I am unhappy now, so ... 
I seem to capsize about every 15 minutes. 
They found her abandoned boat two months later adrift near France. 
I walked to a party try hard to know me and ask where I've been, but I can't explain what I've seen to them. 
His response was classic Ali: "You don't want to go through life as the woman who almost rowed across the ocean." 
Now, the researchers figured out that some of the bees have a natural ability to fight mites, so they set out to breed a line of mite-resistant bees. 
For us lifers, as we call ourselves, our only chance for release is through commutation, which has only been granted to two women since 1989, close to 30 years ago. 
Gotta have hope I'll be free someday. 
When I was nine years old, my mom asked me what I would want my house to look like, and I drew this fairy mushroom. 
So we design in real 3D, making scale structural models out of the same material that we'll later use to build the house. 
Well, its hinges battle with gravity, and gravity will always win in the end, so why not have it pivot on the center where it can stay balanced? 
The structural connections of our buildings are reinforced by steel joints, but we use a lot of hand-whittled bamboo pins. 
What I love about flags is that once you understand the design of flags, what makes a good flag, what makes a bad flag, you can understand the design of almost anything. 
RM: And that first city flag I discovered in Chicago is a beaut: white field, two horizontal blue stripes, and four six-pointed red stars down the middle. 
Whet Moser: Like, there's probably at least one store on every block near where I work that sells some sort of Chicago flag paraphernalia. 
TK: It's a relatively complex flag. 
A lot of people tend to think that good design is just a matter of taste, and quite honestly, sometimes it is, actually, but sometimes it isn't, all right? 
TK: But in the end, the members of the Milwaukee Arts Board decided that none of the new entries were worthy of flying over the city. 
But if you don't see your city flag, maybe it doesn't exist, but maybe it does, and it just sucks, and I dare you to join the effort to try to change that. 
It might seem frivolous, but it's not. 
Indeed, a great deal of civil rights struggle over the last centuries has been to punch a hole through that wall and begin to feed these human things through the wall and have them become legal persons. 
The free man who walked out of the courtroom looked exactly like the slave who had walked in, but as far as the law was concerned, they had nothing whatsoever in common. 
We found them in Japan, Sweden, Germany, Scotland, England and the United States, and amongst them, they wrote 100 pages of affidavits in which they set out more than 40 ways in which their complex cognitive capability, either individually or together, all added up to autonomy and self-determination. 
We found him in a small room that was filled with cages in a larger warehouse structure on a used trailer lot in central New York. 
And to quote Winston Churchill, the way we view our cases is that they're not the end, they're not even the beginning of the end, but they are perhaps the end of the beginning. 
I set out seeking adventure, and what I was finding was only routine. 
I began craving wild, open spaces, and so I set out to find the places others had written off as too cold, too remote, and too dangerous to surf, and that challenge intrigued me. 
They created this barrier between us and the surf, and we had to weave through this thing like a maze just to get out into the lineup. 
I was hooked. I was hooked.  Cold water was constantly on my mind, and from that point on, my career focused on these types of harsh and unforgiving environments, and it took me to places like Russia, Norway, Alaska, Iceland, Chile, the Faroe Islands, and a lot of places in between. 
I didn't know if I was drifting out to sea or towards shore, and all I could really make out was the faint sound of seagulls and crashing waves. 
And I don't know if it was delirium setting in or what, but they told me later I had a smile on my face the entire time. 
To celebrate the occasion, the regime shut down all universities, and sent students off to the fields to build the DPRK's much-heralded ideal as the world's most powerful and prosperous nation. 
Their days were meticulously mapped out, and any free time they had was devoted to honoring their Great Leader. 
But if all they have ever known were lies, how could we expect them to be otherwise? 
On my last day in December of 2011, the day Kim Jong-Il's death was announced, their world shattered. 
Once, toward the end of my stay, a student said to me, "Professor, we never think of you as being different from us. 
We want you to know that we truly think of you as being the same." 
Today, if I could respond to my students with a letter of my own, which is of course impossible, I would tell them this: "My dear gentlemen, It's been a bit over three years since I last saw you. 
The rest of the world might casually encourage or even expect some sort of North Korean Spring, but I don't want you to do anything risky, because I know in your world, someone is always watching. 
I don't want to imagine what might happen to you. 
I know hearing that would make your lives there a bit more bearable, but no, I don't find your capital beautiful. 
One time, though, I thought climbing a tree would lead to a great hiding spot, but I fell and broke my arm. 
At first, a physical therapist works with patients, but then it's up to the patients to do their exercises at home. 
All physical therapists agree that special exercises reduce the time needed for recovery, but patients lack the motivation to do them. 
When designing a game, we speak to physical therapists at first to understand what movement patients need to do. 
 In two days, my grandmother will be 82 years old, and there's a 50 percent chance for people over 80 to fall at least once per year, which could lead to a broken hip or even worse. 
Poor muscle tone and impaired balance are the number one cause of falls, so reversing these problems through targeted exercise will help keep older people like my grandmother safer and independent for longer. 
TR: Cool. Thanks so much. CM: Thank you. 
CA: Okay. But this doesn't really look like a Martine. 
Was this love at first sight? What happened there? 
I saw Bina at a discotheque in Los Angeles, and we later began living together, but the moment I saw her, I saw just an aura of energy around her. 
of the oceans of the sky, and as I developed different types of satellite communication systems, the main thing I did was to launch bigger and more powerful satellites, the consequence of which was that the receiving antennas could be smaller and smaller, and after going through direct television broadcasting, I had the idea that if we could make a more powerful satellite, the receiving dish could be so small that it would just be a section of a parabolic dish, 
MR: It happened in consultation with Bina and our four beautiful children, and I discussed with each of them that I felt my soul was always female, and as a woman, but I was afraid people would laugh at me if I expressed it, so I always kept it bottled up and just showed my male side. 
MR: Yes, she was finding herself unable to walk up the stairs in our house to her bedroom, and after several months of doctors, she was diagnosed to have a rare, almost invariably fatal disease called pulmonary arterial hypertension. 
MR: I went to Glaxo Wellcome and after three times being rejected and having the door slammed in my face because they weren't going to out-license the drug to a satellite communications expert, they weren't going to send the drug out to anybody at all, and they thought I didn't have the expertise, finally I was able to persuade a small team of people to work with me and develop enough credibility. 
MR: Oh yes, Chris, but this really wasn't a drug that I ended up -- after I wrote the check for 25,000, and I said, "Okay, where's the medicine for Jenesis?" 
And they gave me, like, a little plastic Ziploc bag of a small amount of powder. 
CA: But not everyone who has this disease has been so fortunate. 
We're so lucky to be born in the time that sequencing genomes is a routine activity, and the brilliant folks at Synthetic Genomics are able to zero in on the pig genome, find exactly the genes that are problematic, and fix them. 
How do you describe that? 
If you start on the planet and you go up and up and up, it gets colder and colder and colder, until you reach the beginning of the stratosphere, and then an amazing thing happens. 
Everyone on the team knew that I have a wife and two small children -- 10 and 15 -- and I wanted to come back safely. 
So the system weighs about 500 pounds, and if you compare it to the other attempt recently to go up in the stratosphere, they used a capsule. 
Because I only weighed 500 pounds in this system, we could do it with a balloon that was five times smaller than that, and that allowed us to use a launch system that was dramatically simpler than what needs to be done for a much larger balloon. 
 It took two hours and seven minutes to go up, and it was the most peaceful two hours and seven minutes. 
And the main thing that I want to do here is to have a release and fall and stay completely stable. 
At this point, I'm very happy that there's a parachute out. 
I thought I was the only one happy, but it turns out mission control was really happy as well. 
 So I want to tell you one thing that you might not have seen in that video, but one of the most critical parts of the entire thing was the release and what happens right after you release. 
And before you know it, you can be tangled up or spinning, or you can release this drogue late, in which case what happens is you're going down at 800 miles an hour, and this thing is going to destroy itself and not be very useful. 
It was super hard on them, and the only reason that my wife put up with it was because I came back incredibly happy after each of the 250 tests, and she didn't want to take that away from me. 
Now when I think about the possibilities for life out there, I think of the fact that our sun is but one of many stars. 
Knowing that small planets are very common, you can just do the math. 
Now if we can imagine going to the West Coast of North America, and looking out at the night sky, here's what we'd see on a spring night. 
So instead of coming here to tell you about the somewhat tedious nature of the data and data analysis and the complex computer models we make, I have a different way to try to explain to you some of the things that we're thinking about exoplanets. 
Not too big, not too small, not too hot, not too cold -- but just right for life. 
The Star Trek Enterprise had to travel vast distances at incredible speeds to orbit other planets so that First Officer Spock could analyze the atmosphere to see if the planet was habitable or if there were lifeforms there. 
But those are not small planets like Earth. 
We're not ready, we don't have the right technology yet to study small exoplanets. 
But nevertheless, I wanted to try to explain to you how we study exoplanet atmospheres. 
That's a lot of oxygen. 
And our goal then is to look for gases in other planet atmospheres, gases that don't belong, that we might be able to attribute to life. 
We expect that to continue in the future when we find other Earths. 
And that theory was that life produces all small molecules, so many molecules. 
Like, everything I could think of, but not being a chemist. 
But a really big challenge ahead of us is: how? 
Here, you can see myself and two team members holding up one small part of the starshade. 
And the goal is to block out the starlight to incredible precision so that we'd be able to see the planets directly. 
So after all of that hard work where we try to think of all the crazy gases that might be out there, and we build the very complicated space telescopes that might be out there, what are we going to find? 
And the capability to split up the starlight so that we can look for gases and assess the greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, estimate the surface temperature, and look for signs of life. 
When do you expect this will be there, and what's needed? 
Actually, what we expect is what we call our next-generation Hubble telescope. 
And this is called the James Webb Space Telescope, and that will launch in 2018, and that's what we're going to do, we're going to look at a special kind of planet called transient exoplanets, and that will be our first shot at studying small planets for gases that might indicate the planet is habitable. 
But the violence just careened out of control, and people who were not involved in the violence were getting shot and killed: somebody going to buy a pack of cigarettes at a convenience store, or someone who was sitting at a bus stop just waiting for a bus, or kids who were playing in the park, oblivious to the violence on the other side of the park, but it coming and visiting them. 
I imagine we were quite the anomaly when we first started walking. 
Because there was always somebody who would say, "We're going to take back the streets," but they would always seem to have a television camera with them, or a reporter, and they would enhance their own reputation to the detriment of those on the streets. 
And they were all too happy to do that, and we got an idea of what life on the streets was all about, very different than what you see on the 11 o'clock news, very different than what is portrayed in popular media and even social media. 
I helped to start an organization 20 years ago, a faith-based organization, to deal with this issue. 
I can walk down the street in the exact same outfit and what the world expects of me and the way I'm treated depends on the arrangement of this piece of cloth. 
What if I walked past you and later on you'd found out that actually I was a race car engineer, and that I designed my own race car and I ran my university's race team, because it's true. 
And that results in the ridiculously detrimental lack of diversity in our workforce, particularly in areas of influence. 
Can you imagine me running one of these? 
Can you imagine me walking in and being like, "Hey boys, this is what's up. This is how it's done." 
But, the problem is, it's kind of true because there's an intense lack of diversity in our workforce, particularly in places of influence. 
There's a lack of opportunity, and that's due to unconscious bias. 
If I see a Muslim chick who's got a bit of attitude, I'm like, "What's up? We can hang out." 
Take out that new grad who looks totally out of place -- 'cause that was me -- and open doors for them, not in a tokenistic way, because we're not victims, but show them the opportunities because opening up your world will make you realize that you have access to doors that they didn't even know existed and you didn't even know they didn't have. 
Ladies and gentlemen, there is a problem in our community with lack of opportunity, especially due to unconscious bias. 
I know you've been given a lot of challenges today, but if you can take this one piece and think about it a little differently, because diversity is magic. 
You probably think of FBI agents gunning down bad guys like John Dillinger, or arresting corrupt politicians. 
And we used the court file to find out whether the defendants had any connections to international terrorist groups, whether an informant was used, and whether the informant played the role of an agent provocateur by providing the means and opportunity. 
If they believed there were any errors, we asked them to tell us what they were and we'd go back and check and they never challenged any of our findings. 
Later, I used that data in a magazine article and later in my book, and on appearances on places like CBS and NPR, they were offered that opportunity again to say, "Trevor Aaronson's findings are wrong." 
TA: The Intercept seemed to be the most logical place for this because my article is really leveraging the fact that a source had leaked to me transcripts of these private FBI conversations that a federal judge had sealed based on the government's claim that their release would irreparably damage the U.S. government's law enforcement strategy. 
TA: Well so far, we only know what's come out in the court file, but they seem to suggest it's another example of the same. 
So it's unclear that even if he had showed up at the airport, that he ever could have gone anywhere. 
TR: Thanks a lot, that's amazing. TA: Thank you. 
They think I'm a bit crazy, but that's another story. 
So in the end, a week later, and I was absolutely exhausted, I mean on my knees going, "Please get back up in that tree. 
Go off into the planet, and so I ran, and I ran, and my wife sometimes kids me, "Jimmy, you look a bit like Forrest Gump," but I'm, "No, it's all about something, trust me." 
Perhaps part of this journey is about me trying to find out where I belonged. 
And it really does look like this, and they really do look like this. 
And you know why they're proud? You know why they look like this, and why I broke my back literally to photograph them and present them to you? 
I've spent all of my life analyzing what do I look like? 
 Now I'm going to ask for a little bit of audience interaction. 
Now, it may be their nose or their hair or even their aura, I don't mind, but please look at each other, give them a compliment. 
Generalizing from small samples of data is the bread and butter of science. 
Well, babies have to generalize from small samples of data all the time. 
Let's find out. 
In each movie, you're going to see a baby doing maybe just exactly what you might expect a baby to do, and we can hardly make babies more magical than they already are. 
So maybe babies should expect those yellow balls to squeak as well. 
Laura Schulz: Told you.   HG: See this one?  Hey Clara, this one's for you. You can go ahead and play. 
The really interesting question is what happens when we show babies exactly the same thing, and we can ensure it's exactly the same because we have a secret compartment and we actually pull the balls from there, but this time, all we change is the apparent population from which that evidence was drawn. 
 HG: See this?  See this toy?  Oh, that was cool. See?  Now this one's for you to play. You can go ahead and play. 
And this might not seem like a problem to you, but like most problems, it's only a problem when things go wrong. 
His mom is right there, so he can go ahead and hand off the toy and change the person, but there's also going to be another toy at the end of that cloth, and he can pull the cloth towards him and change the toy. 
You can go ahead and play. 
You can go ahead and play. 
It's a story about minds and not brains, and in particular, it's a story about the kinds of computations that uniquely human minds can perform, which involve rich, structured knowledge and the ability to learn from small amounts of data, the evidence of just a few examples. 
And fundamentally, it's a story about how starting as very small children and continuing out all the way to the greatest accomplishments of our culture, we get the world right. 
Folks, human minds do not only learn from small amounts of data. 
Human minds think of altogether new ideas. 
LS: You know, they look really impressive in our experiments, but think about what they look like in real life, right? 
Eighteen months later, it's talking to you, and babies' first words aren't just things like balls and ducks, they're things like "all gone," which refer to disappearance, or "uh-oh," which refer to unintentional actions. 
CA: I suspect there are people in the audience who have this view of accelerating technological power who might dispute your statement that never in our lifetimes will a computer do what a three-year-old child can do, but what's clear is that in any scenario, our machines have so much to learn from our toddlers. 
You get them to achieve unbelievable things. 
That's what I wanted to find out. 
I named my company Idealab for how much I worship the "aha!" moment when you first come up with the idea. 
Does the company have a very clear path generating customer revenues? 
And funding, I think as well, if you're underfunded at first but you're gaining traction, especially in today's age, it's very, very easy to get intense funding. 
Well, that company was famously passed on by many smart investors because people thought, "No one's going to rent out a space in their home to a stranger." 
But somewhere as the years passed, someone had the bright idea to put that sticker on the fruit. 
So it could be easier for us to check out at the grocery counter. 
Except now, we have to look for this little sticker. 
And so our brains encode the everyday things we do into habits so we can free up space to learn new things. 
I'd take all the time to get to the store, I'd check out, I'd come back home, I'd start to unbox it. 
Typically, when you have a product that has a hard drive in it, you run it for about 30 minutes in the factory to make sure that hard drive's going to be working years later for the customer after they pull it out of the box. 
You see, when you're tackling a problem, sometimes, there are a lot of steps that lead up to that problem. 
And sometimes, a lot of steps after it. 
I remembered that story that my grandfather told me, and so we thought, "How many different screws can we put in the box? 
So we thought about it, we optimized it, and we came up with three different screws to put in the box. 
Get out there and sell more!" 
They come up with questions like, "Why can't cars fly around traffic?" 
My son came to me the other day and I asked him, "Go run out to the mailbox and check it." 
He looked at me, puzzled, and said, "Why doesn't the mailbox just check itself and tell us when it has mail?"  I was like, "That's a pretty good question." 
As an adult, I learned later that she had been just 19 when she was brought over from Thailand to the States to care for me, on a tourist visa. 
Because I was afraid if I said everything that she meant to me -- that I owed perhaps the best parts of who I became to her care, and that the words "I'm sorry" were like a thimble to bail out all the guilt and shame and rage I felt over everything she had endured to care for me for as long as she had -- I thought if I said those words to her, I would never stop crying again. 
Because human trafficking is far more prevalent, complex and close to home than most of us realize. 
But what are the circumstances behind all that cheap and plentiful shrimp? 
Human trafficking is found on a smaller scale than just that, and in places you would never even imagine. 
If all the CEOs out there decided that they were going to go through their businesses and say, "no more"? 
This isn't a matter of buying a fair-trade peach and calling it a day, buying a guilt-free zone with your money. 
Shortly after I walked into my new school, a huge fight broke out among the girls. 
Fast forwarding a decade later to 2012, I was entering my third low-performing school as principal. 
The students were just scared: scared to sit in rows in fear that something would happen; scared because they were often teased in the cafeteria for eating free food. 
And then, there were the teachers, who were incredibly afraid for their own safety, so they had low expectations for the students and themselves, and they were totally unaware of their role in the destruction of the school's culture. 
I was not going to stay in my office, I was not going to delegate my work, and I was not going to be afraid to address anything that was not good for children, whether that made me liked or not. 
So, I assembled a top-notch leadership team who believed in the possibility of all the children, and together, we tackled the small things, like resetting every single locker combination by hand so that every student could have a secure locker. 
So, we developed a lesson delivery model for instruction that focused on small group instruction, making it possible for all the students to get their individual needs met The results? 
We hold monthly town hall meetings to listen to their concerns, to find out what is on their minds. 
 They ask, and I answer each question honestly, and this exchange in listening helps to clear up any misconceptions. 
They are clear about my expectations for them, and I repeat those expectations every day over the P.A. system. 
Right? So a bit of trivia about that era for you. 
I know people still believe ingesting it is better for retention, but since we are trying to experience what our forebears did, right, let's please just consider doing the actual ocular reading, okay? 
Right. Please toggle them off. Okay? 
No, no, go ahead, honey. 
What do I think of prostitution? 
I think I have candies in my purse older than 18 years old. 
We would have said dirty magazines, I suppose, or dirty movies. 
You can't imagine what I saw. 
They will later be able to reconstitute these as, like, my own actual memory, like actual experiences, so other people can, like, actually feel what I'm feeling right now. 
Well, like, I guess I would ask, like, what do you think sex-negative is?  Yeah, because, like, the terms that we use are, like, so important, because, like, we call it sex work because it helps people understand that, like, it's work, and, like, you know, just like there are, like, healthcare providers and, like, insurance providers, like, we think of these workers as, like, sex care providers. 
Yeah, but like, I don't think of myself like, providing direct sex care services per se as, like, being a requirement for me to be, like, an advocate. 
I mean, there's a lot of things about this job that I hate, but the money is not one of them, and I will tell you, as long as this is the best possibility for me to make real money, I am going to be Jamaican-No-Fakin' if that's what they want to call me. 
Well no, that older fella, he would still come to find me in the convent. 
Well, surprise, surprise, I fell in love with another fella much older than me, and I always say I was just so happy because he didn't drink, I married the bastard. 
They just told me, and if you legalize it, then you're really telling these girls, "Go on and get lost for a living," and a lot of them, they'll do as they're told. 
Then the second woman considered sex work to be empowering, liberating, and feminist, though she, herself, notably, did not seem keen to do it. 
Also consider that the age when all girls in that society first became exposed to sexualized images of women was quite a bit earlier, right? 
And so we'll just very briefly, class -- we don't have a lot of time -- we'll just very briefly hear from a man on our topic at this stage. 
Yeah, Toms, like, the shoes, like, you buy a pair and then a kid in Africa gets clean water. 
My fiancee is totally amazing, she's totally a strong girl, woman, smart woman, like, the whole thing. 
Whoa, whoa, I hear what you're saying, but I just feel like people, they just want to make it seem like all dudes are just, like, predators, that we would just automatically go to a prostitute, or whatever. 
Our emotions influence every aspect of our lives, from our health and how we learn, to how we do business and make decisions, big ones and small. 
So you can see the green bar go up as she smiles. 
So on the right side of the demo -- look like you're happy. 
So imagine if Cloe had access to this real-time emotion stream, and she could share it with anybody she wanted to. 
 Age: People who are 50 years and older are 25 percent more emotive than younger people. 
In education, imagine if your learning apps sense that you're confused and slow down, or that you're bored, so it's sped up, just like a great teacher would in a classroom. 
In flight, my observation reveals thousands of plastic white bundles owned by a conservation industry that claims it's eco-friendly and recycles millions of tires to preserve people's lives and to improve people's lives. 
Through reclamation of our narrative, we will continue to fight historic erasure and socioeconomic inequality. 
And people still wonder why there are boys rotting, they go away in high school hallways they are afraid of becoming another hashtag in a second afraid of classroom discussions becoming like judgment day and now oncoming traffic is embracing more transgender children than parents. 
So they get hired by a local toy store, kids come in on a Saturday morning, buy some Disney swag, get their picture taken with the princesses, call it a day. 
By 11 o'clock they had called numbers 21 through 25; this was going to be a while, and there is no amount of free face painting or temporary tattoos that could prevent the meltdowns that were occurring outside of the store. 
And as we walk in, it is a scene I can only describe you as saying it looked like Norway threw up. 
And as we stood in line in an attempt to give my niece a better vantage point than the backside of the mother of number 58, I put her up on my shoulders, and she was instantly riveted by the sight of the princesses. 
Do you want to get down, or you're going to stay on your dad's shoulders for the picture?'  And I was, for a lack of a better word, frozen. 
Would I take my niece off my shoulders and turn to the clerk and explain to her that I was in fact her aunt, not her father, and that she should be more careful and not to jump to gender conclusions based on haircuts and shoulder rides --  -- and while doing that, miss out on what was, to this point, the greatest moment of my niece's life. 
So one day, we were in the back, scarfing down food as quickly as we could, gathered around a small table, during a very rare lull, and a new guy from the kitchen came over -- who happened to be her cousin -- and sat down with all the bravado and machismo that his 20-year-old body could hold. 
If it doesn't matter to you who I sleep with, then you cannot imagine what it feels like when I walk down the street late at night holding her hand, and approach a group of people and have to make the decision if I should hang on to it or if I should I drop it when all I want to do is squeeze it tighter. 
And the small victory I feel And the incredible cowardice and disappointment I feel when I drop it. 
We are complex individuals, swirls of contradiction. 
And she said, "Are you kidding me? 
Now, as I've gone around the world talking about this and telling this story in all sorts of organizations and companies, people have seen the relevance almost instantly, and they come up and they say things to me like, "That superflock, that's my company." 
There was a lot of friction, but not much else, and I gradually realized the brilliant, creative people that I'd hired didn't know each other. 
Quite the opposite -- they've figured out that when the going gets tough, if you're doing breakthrough work that really matters, what people need is social support, and they need to know who to ask for help. 
And it's only through the generous contribution, faith and challenge that they achieve their potential. 
  Once you appreciate truly how social work is, a lot of things have to change. 
And for years, we've thought that leaders were heroic soloists who were expected, all by themselves, to solve complex problems. 
There was a lot at stake then, and there's a lot at stake now, and we won't solve our problems if we expect it to be solved by a few supermen or superwomen. 
Her obstetrician called out to the intern on duty to give her a few drops of ether to ease her pain. 
Bonica was in charge of all pain control there. 
He wrote what would later be known as the Bible of Pain. 
Maybe he told them what he later said in an oral history, which is that his time in the circus and wrestling deeply molded his life. 
In that same oral history, Bonica claimed that pain is the most complex human experience. 
She served in Bosnia, and later helped the FBI to bust drug gangs in Pennsylvania. 
And then there was Kate, who played high school football all four years, and actually wanted to drop out after the first, to go into the glee club, but when boys told her that girls couldn't play football, she decided to stay for all the little girls who would come after her. 
 They even wore a thing called Spanx, because, as they found very quickly, the uniforms made for men were big where they should be small, and small where they should be big. 
On this life and death battlefield they never forgot that being female may have brought them to the front lines, but being a soldier is what would prove themselves there. 
That night and so many others, they went out to prove themselves, not only for one another, but for everybody who would come after them. 
Her death threw this program built for the shadows into a very public spotlight. 
This very unlikely band of sisters bound forever in life and afterward did indeed become part of history, and they paved the way for so many who would come after them, as much as they stood on the shoulders of those who had come before. 
These women showed that warriors come in all shapes and sizes. 
Traffic really is substantially worse than it was not very long ago. 
He's an incredibly capable guy, but he just happens to be blind, and that means instead of a 30-minute drive to work in the morning, it's a two-hour ordeal of piecing together bits of public transit or asking friends and family for a ride. 
You can ignore most of that axis, because if you're driving around town, and the car starts stopping randomly, you're never going to buy that car. 
It turns out that human drivers make mistakes that lead to traffic accidents about once every 100,000 miles in America. 
So if you compare the distance between these two, it's about 10 to the eighth, right? 
So here the pickup truck in top right is about to make a left lane change because the road in front of it is closed, so it needs to get out of the way. 
And then given that, we can figure out how the car should respond in the moment, so what trajectory it should follow, how quickly it should slow down or speed up. 
And then once you have that problem solved, the vehicle has to be able to deal with construction. 
It has to deal with other people moving through that construction zone as well. 
We could take all of the data that the cars have seen over time, the hundreds of thousands of pedestrians, cyclists, and vehicles that have been out there and understand what they look like and use that to infer what other vehicles should look like and other pedestrians should look like. 
And then, even more importantly, we could take from that a model of how we expect them to move through the world. 
This is a woman in an electric wheelchair chasing a duck in circles on the road.  Now it turns out, there is nowhere in the DMV handbook that tells you how to deal with that, but our vehicles were able to encounter that, slow down, and drive safely. 
Now, we don't have to deal with just ducks. 
Here we're dealing with a cyclist that you would never expect to see anywhere other than Mountain View. 
And of course, we have to deal with drivers, even the very small ones. 
 Now, I just fire-hosed you with a lot of stuff there, so I'm going to break one of these down pretty quickly. 
We do three million miles of testing in our simulators every single day, so you can imagine the experience that our vehicles have. 
We are looking forward to having this technology on the road, and we think the right path is to go through the self-driving rather than driver assistance approach because the urgency is so large. 
They can save a lot of lives in the interim, but to see the transformative opportunity to help someone like Steve get around, to really get to the end case in safety, to have the opportunity to change our cities and move parking out and get rid of these urban craters we call parking lots, it's the only way to go. 
And I could barely contain my excitement as I sat in that first design meeting designing a boat on which I was going to sail solo nonstop around the world. 
From that first meeting to the finish line of the race, it was everything I'd ever imagined. 
Just like in my dreams, there were amazing parts and tough parts. 
  You could imagine it would be quite difficult to sleep in that situation, even as a passenger. 
The mainsail weighed three times my body weight, and after each change, I would collapse on the floor soaked with sweat with this freezing Southern Ocean air burning the back of my throat. 
And it was a bit like seeing something you weren't expecting under a stone and having two choices: I either put that stone to one side and learn more about it, or I put that stone back and I carry on with my dream job of sailing around the world. 
It's brought huge volatility in prices, so much so that in 2011, your average European car manufacturer saw a raw material price increase of 500 million Euros, wiping away half their operating profits through something they have absolutely no control over. 
We were eking things out a bit longer. 
At sea, I had to understand complex systems. 
And I realized we've been perfecting what's effectively a linear economy for 150 years, where we take a material out of the ground, we make something out of it, and then ultimately that product gets thrown away, and yes, we do recycle some of it, but more an attempt to get out what we can at the end, not by design. 
It's a complex system, but within it, there is no waste. 
So what could this economy look like? 
Maybe we wouldn't buy light fittings, but we'd pay for the service of light, and the manufacturers would recover the materials and change the light fittings when we had more efficient products. 
So could we achieve this in their lifetimes? 
Many said it wouldn't catch on, but it did, and just 20 years later we turned it into a microchip of which there will be thousands in this room here today. 
And a lot of times, when we go into a country, we not only the meet the king or the president, but we also meet the villagers who live in the most remote areas of Africa. 
In the United States of America, for instance, we have had an enormous increase in abuse of poor people, mostly black people and minorities, by putting them in prison. 
We also have [one of the only countries] on Earth that still has the death penalty that is a developed country. 
And we rank right alongside the countries that are most abusive in all elements of human rights in encouraging the death penalty. 
We're in California now, and I figured out the other day that California has spent four billion dollars in convicting 13 people for the death penalty. 
Nebraska this week just passed a law abolishing the death penalty, because it costs so much.  So the resort to violence and abuse of poor people and helpless people is another cause of the increase in abuse of women. 
Atlanta has the busiest airport in the world, and they also have a lot of passengers that come from the Southern Hemisphere. 
If a brothel owner wants to buy a girl that has brown or black skin, they can do it for 1,000 dollars. 
And this leads to one of the worst problems, and that is that women are bought increasingly and put into sexual slavery in all countries in the world. 
About one out of four girls who enter American universities will be sexually assaulted before she graduates, and this is now getting a lot of publicity, partially because of my book, but other things, and so 89 universities in America are now condemned by the Department of Education under Title IX because the officials of the universities are not taking care of the women to protect them from sexual assault. 
Another thing that's very serious about the abuse of women and girls is the lack of equal pay for equal work, as you know.  And this is sometimes misinterpreted, but for full-time employment, a woman in the United States now gets 23 percent less than a man. 
I didn't even go down to detail about that. 
I have 12 grandchildren, four children, and 10 great-grandchildren, and I think often about them and about the plight that they will face in America, not only if they lived in Egypt or a foreign country, in having equal rights, and I hope that all of you will join me in being a champion for women and girls around the world and protect their human rights. 
So we've got mountains of moving dots and like most raw data, it's hard to deal with and not that interesting. 
Now, we've gotten to a point where today, the machine understands complex events like down screens and wide pins. 
If I asked a coach to describe something like a pick-and-roll, they would give me a description, and if I encoded that as an algorithm, it would be terrible. 
So, luckily, with machine learning, we can go beyond our own ability to describe the things we know. 
People wiggle a lot and getting these variations identified with very high accuracy, both in precision and recall, is tough because that's what it takes to get a professional coach to believe in you. 
Our computer started out with simple things and learned more and more complex things and now it knows so many things. 
This poem might seem odd, written by a 13-year-old girl, but where I and Eileen come from, this poem, which I have just read to you, is a warrior's cry. 
Not only did it hurt her, even me. 
In these initiation camps, you are taught how to sexually please a man. 
Imagine the trauma that these young girls go through every day. 
I had a lot of dreams as a young girl. 
We were determined to fight for girls not just in my community, but even in other communities. 
Every day, when the members of Parliament were entering, we were telling them, "Would you please support the bill?" 
And we don't have much technology like here, but we have our small phones. 
While before, we used to think of the brain as a modular, centralized organ, where a given area was responsible for a set of actions and behaviors, the more we know about the brain, the more we think of it as a large music symphony, played by hundreds and thousands of instruments. 
As designers, researchers, and scientists try to map a variety of complex systems, they are in many ways influencing traditional art fields, like painting and sculpture, and influencing many different artists. 
And this new way of thinking is critical for us to solve many of the complex problems we are facing nowadays, from decoding the human brain, to understanding the vast universe out there. 
And coincidentally or not, I just find this particular comparison between the smallest scale of knowledge -- the brain -- and the largest scale of knowledge -- the universe itself -- to be really quite striking and fascinating. 
Free of judgment and politics, believe it or not, nothing like our sevice had ever existed. 
And if we truly listen to one another, we will hear things that demand that we shift our own perceptions. 
So, I'll never forget being in one of the Exhale counselor meetings, listening to a volunteer talk about how she was getting a lot of calls from Christian women who were talking about God. 
At first, it felt a little weird for her to talk to callers about God. 
Empathy gets created the moment we imagine ourselves in someone else's shoes. 
And it generates the empathy that we need to overcome all the ways that we try to hurt one another. 
You have to ask questions in the right way to get the answers you know you want, and you have to say no in the right way to keep the peace. 
When my mom's favorite lamp broke, I had to be there when she was trying to find out how and by who, because I had to defend myself, because if you're not, then the finger is pointed at you, and before you know it, you will be grounded. 
And I found myself in conversation after conversation with classmates and colleagues, professors, friends, even relatives, beginning to question my own role and my own aspirations. 
Religious institutions are dominated by men and driven by male leadership, and they create policies in their likeness, and until we can change the system entirely, then we can't realistically expect to have full economic and political participation of women. 
I thought that would lead to cultural and social change. 
Conservatives will call you a lot of colorful things. 
By saying that we're going to fight for women's rights and fight extremism with bombs and warfare, we completely cripple local societies which need to address these issues so that they're sustainable. 
Why do we carry on with this approach that doesn't seem to be working, and is there a better way out there that we could try instead? 
And I didn't realize I would end up going over 30,000 miles at the start, but I ended up going and meeting loads of different people, from a transgender crack dealer in Brownsville, Brooklyn, to a scientist who spends a lot of time feeding hallucinogens to mongooses to see if they like them -- it turns out they do, but only in very specific circumstances -- to the only country that's ever decriminalized all drugs, 
It's actually much better heroin than you're going to buy on the streets, because the stuff you buy from a drug dealer is contaminated. 
There are loads of people in this room, you may not realize it, you've taken quite a lot of heroin. 
He said ah, we're putting the rat in an empty cage. 
You go from almost 100 percent overdose when they're isolated to zero percent overdose when they have happy and connected lives. 
And at first, I found this quite a difficult thing to get my head around, but one way that helped me to think about it is, I can see, I've got over by my seat a bottle of water, right? 
In Arizona, I went out with a group of women who were made to wear t-shirts saying, "I was a drug addict," and go out on chain gangs and dig graves while members of the public jeer at them, and when those women get out of prison, they're going to have criminal records that mean they'll never work in the legal economy again. 
And that's not really what we think of as drug treatment in the United States and Britain. 
But the biggest thing they did was the complete opposite of what we do: a massive program of job creation for addicts, and microloans for addicts to set up small businesses. 
The goal was to make sure that every addict in Portugal had something to get out of bed for in the morning. 
Before these talks began -- you guys know this -- we were told we weren't allowed to have our smartphones on, and I have to say, a lot of you looked an awful lot like addicts who were told their dealer was going to be unavailable for the next couple of hours.  A lot of us feel like that, and it might sound weird to say, I've been talking about how disconnection is a major driver of addiction 
Something's gone wrong with us, not just with individuals but as a group, and we've created a society where, for a lot of us, life looks a whole lot more like that isolated cage and a whole lot less like Rat Park. 
You are angry a lot of the time, and I think one of the reasons why this debate is so charged is because it runs through the heart of each of us, right? 
Everyone has a bit of them that looks at an addict and thinks, I wish someone would just stop you. 
And the kind of scripts we're told for how to deal with the addicts in our lives is typified by, I think, the reality show "Intervention," if you guys have ever seen it. 
Now, at the time I hadn't met Stacey, and I thought this was some sort of wealthy oil tycoon and I'd struck it rich, but it was only later that I found out she'd actually taken out a loan to make this happen. 
He feels a lot of women wear too much makeup, and that they should only wear enough to accentuate the features that they have. 
She met her husband when she was a 15-year-old waitress at a small barbecue place in Michigan. 
Like a lot of the couples we met, they weren't especially philosophical about their early choices. 
When they started dating, he owed the IRS 9,000 dollars in taxes, and she offered to help him get out of debt, so for the next year, he turned his paychecks over to Mary, and she got him out of debt. 
So, people are more afraid of insects than they are of dying. 
For centuries, some of the greatest minds in science, from Charles Darwin to E.O. Wilson, have drawn inspiration from studying some of the smallest minds on Earth. 
Of course, to start with, a lot of insects don't need to have sex at all to reproduce. 
But what I think insects do, is break a lot of the rules that we humans have about the sex roles. 
Even more generally though, males are actually not all that important in the lives of a lot of insects. 
And when I tell them that the ferocious army-ant soldiers with their giant jaws, used to defend the colony, are all always female, they seem to not quite believe me. 
I think it does matter, and it's a problem that actually is part of a much deeper one that has implications for medicine and health and a lot of other aspects of our lives. 
But when we do that, we really miss out on a lot of what nature is like. 
And I think that's why we've used males as models in a lot of medical research, something that we know now to be a problem if we want the results to apply to both men and women. 
Well, the last thing I really love about insects is something that a lot of people find unnerving about them. 
They have complicated behavior, but they lack complicated brains. 
And so, we can't just think of them as though they're little people because they don't do things the way that we do. 
And it began to feel weird and empty when there wasn't a powerful person who had misused their privilege that we could get. 
In fact, when I met Justine a couple of weeks later in a bar, she was just crushed, and I asked her to explain the joke, and she said, "Living in America puts us in a bit of a bubble when it comes to what is going on in the Third World. 
 And then came the trolls: [I'm actually kind of hoping Justine Sacco gets aids? lol] Somebody else on that wrote, "Somebody HIV-positive should rape this bitch and then we'll find out if her skin color protects her from AIDS." 
And that person got a free pass. 
Just let the world know you're planning to ride bare back while in Africa.] Women always have it worse than men. 
Can you think of anything less judicial than this? 
Justine was asleep on a plane and unable to explain herself, and her inability was a huge part of the hilarity. 
For the past three years, I've been going around the world meeting people like Justine Sacco -- and believe me, there's a lot of people like Justine Sacco. 
But it was worse than that. 
But the phrase "misuse of privilege" is becoming a free pass to tear apart pretty much anybody we choose to. 
BG: Don't go away. 
And I assume you didn't only have friendly reactions on Twitter. 
JR: It didn't go down that well with some people. 
We were chatting and it was lovely and nice, and I decided to check Twitter. 
And then I went back and had a nice conversation with somebody, and then I went back to Twitter, somebody said my very existence made the world a worse place. 
My friend Adam Curtis says that maybe the Internet is like a John Carpenter movie from the 1980s, when eventually everyone will start screaming at each other and shooting each other, and then eventually everybody would flee to somewhere safer, and I'm starting to think of that as a really nice option. 
Your life as a complex human being is replaced by medical data: Your images, your exams, your lab values, a list of medicines. 
You suddenly become a disease on legs. 
But they also are very used to having to deal with patients, so I'd say that they sometimes lose the idea that this is torture for you and that you become, literally, a patient -- "patient" means "the one who waits." 
It was really hard to obtain, because it's not common practice to ask for a picture of your own cancer. 
A cure, whichever it is, will have to deal with the whole of me." 
Well, you can imagine the delight over at General Drafting. 
And I think the reason that I was such a terrible student is that I felt like education was just a series of hurdles that had been erected before me, and I had to jump over in order to achieve adulthood. 
That's not a recipe for a happy life. 
And then, when I was in tenth grade, I went to this school, Indian Springs School, a small boarding school, outside of Birmingham, Alabama. 
And all at once I became a learner. 
But a lot of the learning that I did in high school wasn't about what happened inside the classroom, it was about what happened outside of the classroom. 
It wasn't a formal, organized learning process, and I'm happy to admit that. 
But the great thing about imagining learning as cartography, instead of imagining it as arbitrary hurdles that you have to jump over, is that you see a bit of coastline, and that makes you want to see more. 
But I think in a lot of ways, the YouTube page resembles a classroom. 
Look for instance at "Minute Physics," a guy who's teaching the world about physics:  Let's cut to the chase. 
The Higgs field in turn plays an integral role in our model for the weak nuclear force. 
In particular, the Higgs field helps explain why it's so weak. 
We'll talk more about this in a later video, but even though weak nuclear theory was confirmed in the 1980s, in the equations, the Higgs field is so inextricably jumbled with the weak force, that until now we've been unable to confirm its actual and independent existence. 
Like most simple questions, there's a very complex answer. 
And please open it. 
Matt Kenyon: I'd just finished a project that dealt with the US Coalition side of the war and it was a black armband that was called the "Improvised Empathetic Device" which accumulated, in real time, the names, ranks, cause of death and location of US service members who had died overseas, and each time the Department of Defense or CENTCOM released their data, it would stab me in the arm. 
Other animals, like the social mammals -- the wolves, the elephants, the dolphins, the chimpanzees -- they can cooperate much more flexibly, but they do so only in small numbers, because cooperation among chimpanzees is based on intimate knowledge, one of the other. 
Just imagine Wembley Stadium with 100,000 chimpanzees. 
All other animals use their communication system only to describe reality. 
Humans, in contrast, use their language not merely to describe reality, but also to create new realities, fictional realities. 
Millions of people come together to build a cathedral or a mosque or fight in a crusade or a jihad, because they all believe in the same stories about God and heaven and hell. 
YNH: At present, the best guess we have is to keep them happy with drugs and computer games ... 
BG: Ok, so you're basically saying in the book and now, that for all the discussion about the growing evidence of significant economic inequality, we are just kind of at the beginning of the process? 
 The way that I immersed myself in this Whitopia was to become active at First Redeemer Church, a megachurch that's so huge that it has golf carts to escort the congregants around its many parking lots on campus. 
Can you imagine me going to Whitopia 40 years ago? 
I ventured on my two-year, 27,000 mile journey to learn where, why, and how white people are fleeing, but I didn't expect to have so much fun on my journey. 
 I didn't expect to learn so much about myself. 
I don't expect I'll be living in a Whitopia -- or a Blacktopia, for that matter. 
One of the things with Asperger's is that oftentimes, these people have a very complex inner life, and I know for myself, I have a very colorful personality, rich ideas, and just a lot going on in my mind. 
Not many places would hire me, due to my lack of social skills, which is why I applied to Waffle House. 
I spent a lot of time thinking if there's a better way, and I think there is: autism-assistive technology. 
I am free from judgment, and so I can do whatever I want, you know? 
Now imagine that women are represented here, and men are represented here. 
Within that first week, at least one man in every single country in the world stood up to be counted, and within that same week, HeForShe created more than 1.2 billion conversations on social media. 
Now this is the beginning of the vision that HeForShe has for the world that we want to see. 
Our task must be to free ourselves from this prison by widening our circle of compassion." 
If women and men are part of a greater whole, as Einstein suggests, it is my hope that HeForShe can help free us to realize that it is not our gender that defines us, but ultimately, our shared humanity. 
So, after 100 years of being able to listen to any telephone call -- anytime, anywhere -- you might imagine that government officials are not very happy. 
When you build a backdoor into a communications network or piece of technology, you have no way of controlling who's going to go through it. 
Don't just use them because they're cheap and easy, but use them because they're secure. 
This is similar to what you might see in humans, in Siamese twins, and I know this sounds a bit creepy. 
So when we get older -- we can look at different aspects of human cognition, and you can see on this slide here, we can look at reasoning, verbal ability and so forth. 
So, how about we think of the brain as being part of the larger organism. 
So if we look at how the blood changes in disease or age, can we learn something about the brain? 
And by and large, factors that we know are required for the development of tissues, for the maintenance of tissues -- they start to decrease as we get older, while factors involved in repair, in injury and in inflammation -- they increase as we get older. 
But more importantly: Is this a person who is maybe at a reduced risk to develop an age-related disease and will have a long life -- will live to 100 or more? 
This is a big table that has lots of holes in it, and there are guide marks around it, and there's a bright light, as on this stage here. 
So we teach them, over several days, to find this space on these cues in the space, and you can compare this for humans, to finding your car in a parking lot after a busy day of shopping. 
In stark contrast, this mouse here is a sibling of the same age, but it was treated with young human plasma for three weeks, with small injections every three days. 
We're running a small clinical study at Stanford, where we treat Alzheimer's patients with mild disease with a pint of plasma from young volunteers, 20-year-olds, and do this once a week for four weeks, and then we look at their brains with imaging. 
And if we can turn it back on a little bit, maybe we can find the factors that are mediating these effects, we can produce these factors synthetically and we can treat diseases of aging, such as Alzheimer's disease or other dementias. 
But it's only in the last decade or so that careful experiments -- in biochemistry labs, using spectroscopy -- have shown very clear, firm evidence that there are certain specific mechanisms that require quantum mechanics to explain them. 
I come from quantum physics, so I'm a nuclear physicist. 
So I sort of feel happy that I'm still astonished by it. 
But it means I study the very smallest structures in the universe -- the building blocks of reality. 
If we think about the scale of size, start with an everyday object like the tennis ball, and just go down orders of magnitude in size -- from the eye of a needle down to a cell, down to a bacterium, down to an enzyme -- you eventually reach the nano-world. 
It's even smaller in scale. 
They are very happy with their balls-and-sticks models of molecules. 
It doesn't really require much in the way of quantum mechanics to explain it. 
It is a set of beautiful and powerful mathematical rules and ideas that explain the world of the very small. 
If we imagine quantum mechanics or quantum physics, then, as the fundamental foundation of reality itself, quantum physics underpins organic chemistry. 
Particles can multitask, they can be in two places at once. 
Biology itself, if you think of molecular biology, seems to have done very well in describing all the processes of life in terms of chemistry -- chemical reactions. 
But as I mentioned at the start, in the last 10 years, there have been experiments emerging, showing where some of these certain phenomena in biology do seem to require quantum mechanics. 
We're happy -- well, "happy" is not the right word --  we are familiar with this. 
Enzymes, those workhorses of life, the catalysts of chemical reactions -- enzymes are biomolecules that speed up chemical reactions in living cells, by many, many orders of magnitude. 
Research carried out by my group -- so as I mentioned, I'm a nuclear physicist, but I've realized I've got these tools of using quantum mechanics in atomic nuclei, and so can apply those tools in other areas as well. 
Zoom in a bit more. 
If the two strands of DNA then separate, leading to the process of replication, and the two protons are in the wrong positions, this can lead to a mutation. 
It's speculative, that if quantum mechanics plays a role in mutations, surely this must have big implications, to understand certain types of mutations, possibly even those that lead to turning a cell cancerous. 
And in getting there, it doesn't just follow one route; it follows multiple pathways at once, to optimize the most efficient way of reaching the reaction center without dissipating as waste heat. 
The European robin migrates from Scandinavia down to the Mediterranean, every autumn, and like a lot of other marine animals and even insects, they navigate by sensing the Earth's magnetic field. 
Well, it's hard to acquire Ebola, but if you do, the risk of a horrible death is high. 
So these are the things that can be done, but to do this, if we want to deal with a complete market failure, we have to change the way we view and prevent infectious diseases. 
We have to stop waiting until we see evidence of a disease becoming a global threat before we consider it as one. 
Every year, we spend billions of dollars, keeping a fleet of nuclear submarines permanently patrolling the oceans to protect us from a threat that almost certainly will never happen. 
And that's why I do disaster robotics -- because robots can make a disaster go away faster. 
But you know, all the robots I've shown you have been small, and that's because robots don't do things that people do. 
 Bujold was used extensively at the World Trade Center to go through Towers 1, 2 and 4. 
The only hope of getting to a survivor way in the basement, you have to go through things that are on fire. 
The biggest problem is not making the robots smaller, though. 
Well, the problem with that is it overwhelms the networks, and worse yet, it overwhelms the cognitive abilities of each of the people trying to get that one nugget of information they need to make the decision that's going to make the difference. 
 So my challenge to you: the next time you hear about a disaster, look for the robots. 
Look for the robots, because robots are coming to the rescue. 
The scale is comparable in height; in fact, it's smaller than this telescope will be. 
And as we've learned over the centuries, since Galileo Galilei, the Italian scientist, first turned, in that time, a two-inch, very small telescope, to the sky, every time we have built larger telescopes, we have learned something about the universe; we've made discoveries, without exception. 
And if you can imagine this tiny area, it's only one-fiftieth of the size of the full moon. 
So, if you can imagine the full moon. 
They come in a bewildering variety of different kinds. 
So around our own planet, we know there's life, we've developed a complex life, we now can question our own origins. 
It includes Australia, South Korea, and I'm happy to say, being here in Rio, that the newest partner in our telescope is Brazil. 
So, what does that precision buy us? 
So the GMT, if you can imagine -- if I were to hold up a coin, which I just happen to have, and I look at the face of that coin, I can see from here the writing on the coin; I can see the face on that coin. 
This is what this cluster would look like. 
So look at those four bright objects, and now lets compare it with a camera on the Hubble Space Telescope. 
But for me, one of the most exciting things about building the GMT is the opportunity to actually discover something that we don't know about -- that we can't even imagine at this point, something completely new. 
If you want to buy high-quality, low-price cocaine, there really is only one place to go, and that is the dark net anonymous markets. 
It is a censorship-free world visited by anonymous users. 
Prices tend to go down, product quality tends to go up, and the vendors are attentive, they're polite, they're consumer-centric, offering you all manner of special deals, one-offs, buy-one-get-one-frees, free delivery, to keep you happy. 
"I'm new here. Do you mind if I buy just one gram of marijuana?" 
"Hi there, thanks for your email. 
Starting small is a wise thing to do. I would, too, if I were you." 
But at the beginning of these sites, people noticed a flaw. 
You can even buy some advertising space. 
Since the revelations from Edward Snowden, there's been a huge increase in the number of people using various privacy-enhancing tools. 
if you want to browse for illegal pornography and if you want to buy and sell drugs with impunity. 
I got fired because, well, the Vietnam War was on, and the boss of bosses in my organization was a big fan of the war and wrote a New York Times article, a magazine section cover story, about how we would win in Vietnam. 
But in the end, nobody said anything. 
Then I did the only intelligent thing I'd done that day -- I told my local boss that I gave that interview. 
Can you explain at all what that work was? 
 JS: I mean, I could explain it to somebody. 
I was very happy with it; so was Chern. 
Today, those things in there called Chern-Simons invariants have spread through a lot of physics. 
Somehow, you come up with a mathematical theory, not knowing any physics, discover two decades later that it's being applied to profoundly describe the actual physical world. 
I think you probably didn't buy efficient market theory. 
When I started doing trading, I had gotten a little tired of mathematics. 
I made quite a lot of money with pure luck. 
We got a lot of data. 
And very smart people -- that was the key. 
CA: They made a lot of money. 
I think a lot of them came because of the money. 
You look at a lot of data, and you try to simulate different predictive schemes, until you get better and better at it. 
CA: A lot of people look at the hedge fund industry now and are sort of ... shocked by it, by how much wealth is created there, and how much talent is going into it. 
Kind of being on a runaway train that's -- I don't know -- helping increase inequality? 
With ideas -- false ideas about human beings will not go away if people believe that they're true. 
And that's how the industrial revolution created a factory system in which there was really nothing you could possibly get out of your day's work, except for the pay at the end of the day. 
But we do have to worry about the theories we have of human nature, because human nature will be changed by the theories we have that are designed to explain and help us understand human beings. 
That night began my formal relationship with death -- my death -- and it also began my long run as a patient. 
For most people, the scariest thing about death isn't being dead, it's dying, suffering. 
To get underneath this, it can be very helpful to tease out suffering which is necessary as it is, from suffering we can change. 
So please know that you don't have to be dying anytime soon to benefit from palliative care. 
With all the risks to his safety and his health, some would say no. 
It was a glorious, marvelous trip: freezing water, blistering dry heat, scorpions, snakes, wildlife howling off the flaming walls of the Grand Canyon -- all the glorious side of the world beyond our control. 
And there was no window in my room, but it was great to just imagine it coming down all sticky. 
There are already record numbers of us living with chronic and terminal illness, and into ever older age. 
Let death be what takes us, not lack of imagination. 
We were brought out in the hall when I was a little kid and taught how to put our coats over our heads to protect us from global thermonuclear war. 
But I also knew that global thermonuclear war was something to be concerned with. 
And so the parts of the U.S. government that do foresight, that look forward, that do strategy -- the parts in other governments that do this -- can't do it, because they're reacting to the news cycle. 
And if we are treating the symptom and ignoring the bigger trend, then we've got far bigger problems to deal with. 
On the security side, we've come out of a Cold War in which it was too costly to fight a nuclear war, and so we didn't, to a period that I call Cool War, cyber war, where the costs of conflict are actually so low, that we may never stop. 
Special forces operators out there in the field today discover that small groups of insurgents with cell phones have access to satellite imagery that once only superpowers had. 
We are trying to determine how much we want to give in a negotiation with the Iranians on a nuclear deal which deals with the technologies of 50 years ago, when in fact, we know that the Iranians right now are engaged in cyber war with us and we're ignoring it, partially because businesses are not willing to talk about the attacks that are being waged on them. 
In the nuclear age, when there were people in senior national security jobs, they were expected to speak throw-weight. 
They'll be measured in terms of the costs of our distraction from critical issues and our inability to get together scientists, technologists, government leaders, at a moment of transformation akin to the beginning of the Renaissance, akin to the beginning of the major transformational eras that have happened on Earth, and start coming up with, if not the right answers, then at least the right questions. 
Title IX, in case anybody doesn't know, which a lot of people probably don't, said that any federal funds given to a high school, college or university, either public or private, had to -- finally -- give equal monies to boys and girls. 
They actually had enough nerve to ask for a raise. 
A lot of the men today don't realize it, but if you're in your 50s, 60s or whatever, late 40s, you're the first generation of men of the Women's Movement -- whether you like it or not! 
  And for the men, what happened for the men, they'd come up to me -- and most times, the men are the ones who have tears in their eyes, it's very interesting. 
And I am so happy I saw that as a young man." 
And that moment, I promised myself I'd fight for equal rights and opportunities for boys and girls, men and women, the rest of my life. 
You hear the same words keep coming out all the time, and I got really lucky because I had an education. 
But what you found out in the research about millennials is not really the experience that a lot of people have with millennials. 
 So she arrives, and this boss says, "What's going on?" 
With the Women's Sports Foundation being the advocates for Title IX still, because we're trying to keep protecting the law, because it's in a tenuous position always, so we really are concerned, and we do a lot of research. 
What keeps you sustaining your work, sustaining the fight for equality, extending it, always exploring new areas, trying to find new ways ... z BJK: Well, I always drove my parents crazy because I was always the curious one. 
 Thanks a lot! 
For the last 50 years, a lot of smart, well-resourced people -- some of you, no doubt -- have been trying to figure out how to reduce poverty in the United States. 
They met when they all had small children, through a parenting class at a family resource center in San Francisco. 
For the kids in the neighborhood, it's a place to go after school to get help with homework. 
For the grown-ups, it's where they go to find out what's going on in the neighborhood and catch up with friends. 
After school, I'd go to the corner store and buy a can of Chef Boyardee ravioli, which I'd heat up on the stove as my afternoon snack. 
If I had a little extra money, I'd buy a Hostess Fruit Pie. 
Some people tell the story that poor folks are lazy freeloaders who would cheat and lie to get out of an honest day's work. 
For every story I hear demonizing low-income single mothers or absentee fathers, which is how people might think of my parents, I've got 50 that tell a different story about the same people, showing up every day and doing their best. 
Just north of here, we have an example of what this could look like: Silicon Valley. 
Let's grasp this opportunity to let go of a tired, faulty narrative and listen and look for true stories, more beautifully complex stories, about who marginalized people and families and communities are. 
Let us remember what we are capable of; all that we have built with blood, sweat and dreams; all the cogs that keep turning; and the people kept afloat because of our backbreaking work. 
Individually, we don't have a lot of wealth and power, but collectively, we are unstoppable. 
And we spend a lot of our time and energy organizing our power to demand change from systems that were not made for us. 
We must listen to their true stories, their more beautifully complex stories. 
This is the beginning of the book I wrote, 'Angry White Men.' These were four angry white men who believed that they, white men in America, were the victims of reverse discrimination in the workplace. 
They expect their partners, their spouses, their wives, to work outside the home and be just as committed to their careers as they are. 
Younger men today expect to be able to balance work and family. 
Now, when men begin the process of engaging with balancing work and family, we often have two phrases that we use to describe what we do. 
I grew up in the west of Ireland, wedged between four brothers, two older than me and two younger than me. 
And I was aware that at the time of my presidency, Ireland was a country beginning a rapid economic progress. 
What I didn't have to do as president was buy land on mainland Europe, so that Irish citizens could go there because our island was going underwater. 
For them, it would have been unimaginable that a whole country could go out of existence because of human-induced climate change. 
It was later when I started to work in African countries on issues of development and human rights. 
And I kept hearing this pervasive sentence: "Oh, but things are so much worse now, things are so much worse." 
And in fact they spend a lot of their tiny income on that form of lighting. 
It's an issue for the business community, and the good news is that the business community is changing very rapidly -- except for the fossil fuel industries --  Even they are beginning to slightly change their language -- but only slightly. 
And I have five grandchildren now, I feel very happy as an Irish grandmother to have five grandchildren, and I think about their world, with about 9 billion other people in 2050. 
Within two weeks, I was out of there, and I left with one intention: to find something that I could screw up. That's how tough it was. 
So I wanted to find out, what is it that sets these people apart, the people who do the passionate, world-changing work, that wake up inspired every day, and then these people, the other 80 percent who lead these lives of quiet desperation. 
And that later became what I now call Live Your Legend, which I'll explain in a little bit. 
Every invention, every new thing in the world, people thought were crazy at first. 
It's a rainy, stormy, windy day, and people are getting sick on the boat, and I'm sitting there wearing a wetsuit, and I'm looking out the window in pure terror thinking I'm about to swim to my death. 
No one can tell you you can't surround yourself with inspiring people or get away from the people who bring you down. 
In a time where people claim it's kind of a tough environment, people are giving a middle finger to this scripted life, the things that people say you're supposed to do, in exchange for things that matter to them and do the things that inspire them. 
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you, then you win." 
Because I imagine a world where 80 percent of people love the work they do. 
When I learned this, beginning my masters degree in international relations, I felt a sort of surge of relief. 
It was thrilling how many people could relate to my experience, and instructional how many others didn't buy my sense of self. 
First, think of your daily rituals, whatever they may be: making your coffee, driving to work, harvesting your crops, saying your prayers. 
Now, think of your relationships, of the people who shape your days. 
So how can we still expect those same people to then advocate on behalf of their protection? 
There are a lot of beautiful places to find. 
Despite all these years that have passed, I still see the world through the eyes of a child and I try to incorporate that sense of wonderment and that sense of curiosity into my photography And we're pretty lucky because here in the South, we're still blessed with a relatively blank canvas that we can fill with the most fanciful adventures and incredible experiences. 
See, a lot of people look at this and they say, "Oh yeah, wow, that's a pretty tree." 
So you can imagine all else we have to learn about these landscapes if we just preserve them first. 
So no manner of these political or invisible boundaries protect the park from polluted water or insufficient water. 
So how do you make an apex predator, an ancient reptile, at once look like it dominates the system, but at the same time, look vulnerable? 
These birds are great, but they've had a really tough time in the Everglades, because they started out with thousands of nesting pairs in Florida Bay, and at the turn of the 20th century, they got down to two -- two nesting pairs. 
Just get outside, get out there. 
A similar poll taken in the United States in November 2014 had watched beheading videos, and a further 23 percent had watched the videos but had stopped just before the death was shown. 
Nine percent may be a small minority of all the people who could watch, but it's still a very large crowd. 
The al-Qaeda-linked website that first showed Nick Berg's beheading had to close down within a couple of days due to overwhelming traffic to the site. 
He told reporters 18 months later that it had been downloaded many millions of times, and that's just one website. 
Social media sites have made these images more accessible than ever before, but if we take another step back in history, we'll see that it was the camera that first created a new kind of crowd a full lifetime ago on June 17, 1939, it had an immediate and unequivocal effect. 
To us in the 21st century, the guillotine may seem like a monstrous contraption, but to the first crowds who saw it, it was actually a disappointment. 
The blade fell, the head fell into a basket, out of sight immediately, and they called out, "Give me back my gallows, give me back my wooden gallows." 
But you can imagine that I was appalled to learn that women are largely left out of research trials, despite gender-specific medical findings having demonstrated that we are not actually just small men --  who happen to have different reproductive systems. 
So as an activist, I began working with the Parkinson's Disease Foundation -- that's pdf.org -- to create a major initiative to put women on the Parkinson's disease map. 
"No Signs of Struggle" Growing small requires enormity of will: just sitting still in the doctor's waiting room watching the future shuffle in and out, watching it stoop; stare at you while you try not to look. 
You are still learning that growing small requires a largeness of spirit you can't fit into yet: acceptance of irritating help from those who love you; giving way and over, but not up. 
It demands colossal patience, all this growing small: your diminished sleep at night, your handwriting, your voice, your height. 
There is immensity required in growing small, so bent on such unbending grace. 
So slice me, dice me, smear me on your slides, stain me, explain me, drain me like a cup. 
 Besides, creature of extremes and excess, I've always thought Apollo beautiful but boring, and a bit of a dumb blonde. 
The ghost light is what they call the single bulb hanging above the bare stage in an empty theater. 
In the empty theater of such a night, waking to meet no external radiance, this is the final struggle left to win, this the sole beacon to beckon the darkness in and let the rest begin, this the lens through which at last to see both Self and Other arrayed with the bright stain of original sin: lit from within. 
This is the small, still hour before the newspaper lands in the vestibule like a grenade, the phone shrills, the computer screen blinks and glares awake. 
So I guess I was the lucky one. 
You can imagine as a child what I went through. 
But everybody was happy to see me. 
Very happy, and I was happy to be alive, of course. 
 Of course, I was happy to be alive. 
Every day you go up north here and there. 
I've had a lot of time to think. 
My personality was entombed within a seemingly silent body, a vibrant mind hidden in plain sight within a chrysalis. 
I had no dreams, no hope, nothing to look forward to. 
I lived in fear, and, to put it bluntly, was waiting for death to finally release me, expecting to die all alone in a care home. 
I think because Barney is so happy and jolly, and I absolutely wasn't, it made it so much worse. 
My dad left me alone in the car while he quickly went to buy something from the store. 
And within a year, I was beginning to use a computer program to communicate. 
But if you will, please imagine these next two words as warmly as you can: Thank you. 
Actions, choices and behaviors will have led to an increase in greenhouse gas emissions. 
Now imagine that same day -- but it's six, eight, maybe 10 to 12 degrees warmer on that day during that heat wave. 
And the problem with these extremes, and not just the temperature extremes, but also the extremes in terms of storms and other climate impacts, is our infrastructure is just not set up to deal with these sorts of events. 
There are quite a lot of my colleagues and other scientists who would say that it's now too late to avoid a two-degree warming. 
But I would just like to draw on my own research on energy systems, on food systems, aviation and also shipping, just to say that I think there is still a small fighting chance of avoiding this two-degree dangerous climate change. 
And that's important, because it doesn't matter if we come up with some amazing whiz-bang technology to sort out our energy problem on the last day of 2049, just in the nick of time to sort things out. 
So if we continue on this red, four-degree centigrade scenario pathway, the longer we continue on it, that will need to be made up for in later years to keep the same carbon budget, to keep the same area under the curve, which means that that trajectory, the red one there, becomes steeper. 
So this poses really big challenges for us. 
So it doesn't matter whether we choose nuclear power or carbon capture and storage, upscale our biofuel production, or go for a much bigger roll-out of wind turbines and wave turbines. 
So it could be from writing to our local politician to talking to our boss at work or being the boss at work, or talking with our friends and family, or, quite simply, changing our lifestyles. 
And in the lab we have shown that if we block the ability of the adult brain to produce new neurons in the hippocampus, then we block certain memory abilities. 
And if we give antidepressants, then we increase the production of these newborn neurons, and we decrease the symptoms of depression, establishing a clear link between neurogenesis and depression. 
But moreover, if you just block neurogenesis, then you block the efficacy of the antidepressant. 
I'm going to give you a set of behaviors and activities, and you tell me if you think they will increase neurogenesis or if they will decrease neurogenesis. 
Learning will increase the production of these new neurons. 
Yes, stress will decrease the production of new neurons in the hippocampus. 
Indeed, it will decrease neurogenesis. 
 Yes, you are right, it will increase the production of new neurons. 
So the neurogenesis rate will decrease as we get older, but it is still occurring. 
So you see the massive increase of the black dots representing the new neurons-to-be. 
And I'm just going to point a few out to you: Calorie restriction of 20 to 30 percent will increase neurogenesis. 
Intermittent fasting -- spacing the time between your meals -- will increase neurogenesis. 
Intake of flavonoids, which are contained in dark chocolate or blueberries, will increase neurogenesis. 
Omega-3 fatty acids, present in fatty fish, like salmon, will increase the production of these new neurons. 
Ethanol -- intake of alcohol -- will decrease neurogenesis. 
 And then finally, let me point out the last one -- a quirky one. 
But this diet has also been given to human participants, and what we could see is that the diet modulates memory and mood in the same direction as it modulates neurogenesis, such as: calorie restriction will improve memory capacity, whereas a high-fat diet will exacerbate symptoms of depression -- as opposed to omega-3 fatty acids, which increase neurogenesis, and also help to decrease the symptoms of depression. 
And on your side -- I leave you in charge of your neurogenesis. 
Now, I told you you changed my life -- I now eat a lot of blueberries. 
ST: So for the moment, we can't really say if it's just the running itself, but we think that anything that indeed will increase the production -- or moving the blood flow to the brain, should be beneficial. 
And you would end up taking a previously fatal, lethal disease -- a pneumonia, syphilis, tuberculosis -- and transforming that into a curable, or treatable illness. 
Take a disease like cancer. 
You know, we don't think of cancer as altering the environment. 
Can we imagine a more immersive environment that will change depression? 
So we switched our models, and now we began to look for skeletal stem cells. 
These stem cells have come in and repaired, in yellow, the bone, in white, the cartilage, almost completely. 
So could you imagine ways of passively loading and unloading bone so that you can recreate or regenerate degenerating cartilage? 
Could we imagine that for our future? 
There's a lot of talk in technologyland about the personalization of medicine, that we have all this data and that medical treatments of the future will be for you specifically, your genome, your current context. 
So, if we are really going to deliver in medicine in this way, we have to think of personalizing cellular therapies, and then personalizing organ or organismal therapies, and ultimately personalizing immersion therapies for the environment. 
 I was just thinking that I have been missing you way too long There's something inside this weary head that wants us to love just instead But I was just thinking, merely thinking I've got loads of pictures, I've got the one of you in that dancing dress But man I feel silly in that dim light Just after doing you by the sight of my Kodak delights, I am sinking, 
merely sinking I think about long distance rates instead of kissing you babe I'm a singer without a song If I wait for you longer my affection is stronger and I ... I was just thinking, merely thinking that this boat is sinking I'm tired of postcards, especially the ones with cute dogs and cupids I'm tired of calling you and missing you and dreaming I slept with you Don't get me wrong I still desperately love you 
inside this weary head I just want us to love just instead But I was just thinking and thinking, merely thinking I think about long distance rates instead of kissing you babe and time is running me still If I wait for you longer my affection is stronger I ... I was just thinking I ... I was just thinking that I'm tired of calling you once a week thinking of long distance rates instead of kissing you 
I look for this intention to share in everything, and I ask: what are the intentions behind this architecture or this product or this restaurant or this meal? 
Unlike the commercially available drones that you can buy today, this robot doesn't have any GPS on board. 
And this map then allows the robot to understand where the obstacles are and navigate in a collision-free manner. 
So we asked ourselves a question: what consumer product can you buy in an electronics store that is inexpensive, that's lightweight, that has sensing onboard and computation? 
 So this robot uses a Samsung Galaxy smartphone that you can buy off the shelf, and all you need is an app that you can download from our app store. 
 In addition to building these small robots, we also experiment with aggressive behaviors, like you see here. 
The main point is we can have smaller robots that can go faster and then travel in these very unstructured environments. 
 So you can see this robot going at about three meters per second, which is faster than walking speed, coordinating its arms, its claws and its flight with split-second timing to achieve this maneuver. 
But of course we want to make these even smaller, and we're inspired in particular by honeybees. 
So if you look at honeybees, and this is a slowed down video, they're so small, the inertia is so lightweight --  that they don't care -- they bounce off my hand, for example. 
And smaller is better, because along with the small size you get lower inertia. 
So just like these honeybees, we build small robots. 
And so small also means safe. 
In my lab, as we developed these robots, we start off with these big robots and then now we're down to these small robots. 
The small size has some disadvantages, and nature has found a number of ways to compensate for these disadvantages. 
So just like personalized medicine, while you might imagine wanting to treat every patient individually, what we'd like to do is build models of individual plants and then tell the farmer what kind of inputs every plant needs -- the inputs in this case being water, fertilizer and pesticide. 
 Let's see what those maps look like. 
Systems like this can really help, and we're projecting yields that can improve by about ten percent and, more importantly, decrease the amount of inputs such as water by 25 percent by using aerial robot swarms. 
Can we end hunger, achieve gender equality, halt climate change, all in the next 15 years? 
Now, the idea that the world is going to get a better place may seem a little fanciful. 
So how did we achieve this success? 
Well, a lot of it was because of economic growth. 
What do we have to get to to achieve the Global Goals? 
Well, we asked a team of economists at Deloitte who checked and crunched the numbers, and they came back and said, well, look: if the world's average wealth goes from $14,000 a year to $23,000 a year, social progress is going to increase from 61 to 62.4. 
Economic growth seems to have really helped in the fight against poverty, but it doesn't seem to be having much impact on trying to get to the Global Goals. 
It's a bit better, but still quite a long way to go. 
Can we achieve the Global Goals? 
If we're going to achieve the Global Goals we have to do things differently. 
The Global Goals are all about getting to an A, and that's why we're going to be updating the People's Report Card annually, for the world and for all the countries of the world, so we can hold our leaders to account to achieve this target and fulfill this promise. 
Because getting to the Global Goals will only happen if we do things differently, if our leaders do things differently, and for that to happen, that needs us to demand it. 
Let's demand a different path. 
They ask for every country to show action and to show progress. 
OK, there's a lot of runny noses and stubbed toes, but no matter who walks through the door to the ER, we order the same tests, we prescribe the same medication, without ever thinking about the sex or gender of our patients. 
Do you know that it takes years for a drug to go from an idea to being tested on cells in a laboratory, to animal studies, to then clinical trials on humans, finally to go through a regulatory approval process, to be available for your doctor to prescribe to you? 
Not to mention the millions and billions of dollars of funding it takes to go through that process. 
World War II changed a lot of things, and one of them was this need to protect people from becoming victims of medical research without informed consent. 
So it was decided: medical research was performed on men, and the results were later applied to women. 
Heart disease is the number one killer for both men and women, but more women die within the first year of having a heart attack than men. 
But more women than men will complain of "just not feeling right," "can't seem to get enough air in," "just so tired lately." 
And for some reason we call this atypical, even though, as I mentioned, women do make up half the population. 
And so what is some of the evidence to help explain some of these differences? 
If we look at the anatomy, the blood vessels that surround the heart are smaller in women compared to men, and the way that those blood vessels develop disease is different in women compared to men. 
And regionally, I'm a co-creator of a division within the Department of Emergency Medicine here at Brown University, called Sex and Gender in Emergency Medicine, and we conduct the research to determine the differences between men and women in emergent conditions, like heart disease and stroke and sepsis and substance abuse, but we also believe that education is paramount. 
And, at once enraging and enrapturing, Cage shows us that even when there are no strings being plucked by fingers or hands hammering piano keys, still there is music, still there is music, still there is music. 
And he has a theory that it is possible -- it is possible -- that the human auditory system actually evolved to hear music, because it is so much more complex than it needs to be for language alone. 
But through court documents, open records requests and interviews with current and former prisoners, some small windows into the CMUs have opened. 
During his sentencing, he was afraid that he would be sent to a rumored secret prison for terrorists. 
At one point, the prison warden himself recommended McGowan's transfer out of the CMU citing his good behavior, but the warden was overruled by the Bureau of Prison's Counterterrorism Unit, working with the Joint Terrorism Task Force of the FBI. 
When you visit a CMU, you go through all the security checkpoints that you would expect. 
I was ushered into a small room, so small my outstretched arms could touch each wall. 
To fight boredom and amuse himself while in the CMU, McGowan had been spreading a rumor that I was secretly the president of a Twilight fan club in Washington, DC  For the record, I'm not. 
When I was in high school, I learned about the Bill of Rights, the Constitution, freedom of speech, due process and about 25 other laws and rights that seem to be violated by this. 
It's the spot in continental Europe closest to Britain, and a lot of migrants and refugees are staying in this camp and are trying desperately to cross over to Britain. 
Disease and infections are widespread. 
A lot of these people are highly educated and skilled workers. 
So we flew over there and we met the uncle and we did DNA samples of him, and later on got additional DNA samples from Mouaz's closest relative who now lives in Jordan. 
The last night we know he was alive, he spent at a cheap hotel close to the train station in Dunkirk. 
Shadi, a couple of years older than Mouaz, was also raised in Damascus. 
He ran a tire repair shop and later worked in a printing company. 
I can't afford to pay the people smugglers to help me with the crossing to Britain, but I will go buy a wetsuit and I will swim." 
To me, this is a story about two questions that I think we all share: what is a better life, and what am I willing to do to achieve it? 
And to me, and probably a lot of you, a better life would mean being able to do more of what we think of as meaningful, whether that be spending more time with your family and friends, travel to an exotic place, or just getting money to buy that cool new device or a pair of new sneakers. 
It seemed more permanent, NGOs have arrived, a small school has opened. 
Anders Fjellberg: It wasn't easy at first, because we weren't able to know what we actually could figure out. 
As soon as it became clear that we actually could be able to identify who the first one was, we basically got the message that we could do whatever we wanted, just travel wherever you need to go, do whatever you need to do, just get this done. 
You might be interested to know that the CRISPR technology came about through a basic research project that was aimed at discovering how bacteria fight viral infections. 
Bacteria have to deal with viruses in their environment, and we can think about a viral infection like a ticking time bomb -- a bacterium has only a few minutes to defuse the bomb before it gets destroyed. So, many bacteria have in their cells an adaptive immune system called CRISPR, that allows them to detect viral DNA and destroy it. 
So those little bits of RNA from the CRISPR locus associate -- they bind -- to protein called Cas9, which is white in the picture, and form a complex that functions like a sentinel in the cell. 
And when those sites are found -- as you can see here, the blue molecule is DNA -- this complex associates with that DNA and allows the Cas9 cleaver to cut up the viral DNA. 
So we can think of the Cas9 RNA sentinel complex like a pair of scissors that can cut DNA -- it makes a double-stranded break in the DNA helix. 
And importantly, this complex is programmable, so it can be programmed to recognize particular DNA sequences, and make a break in the DNA at that site. 
We can think of older genome engineering technologies as similar to having to rewire your computer each time you want to run a new piece of software, whereas the CRISPR technology is like software for the genome, we can program it easily, using these little bits of RNA. 
So once a double-stranded break is made in DNA, we can induce repair, and thereby potentially achieve astounding things, like being able to correct mutations that cause sickle cell anemia or cause Huntington's Disease. 
I actually think that the first applications of the CRISPR technology are going to happen in the blood, where it's relatively easier to deliver this tool into cells, Right now, a lot of the work that's going on applies to animal models of human disease, such as mice. 
And because of the excitement around this technology, there's a lot of interest in start-up companies that have been founded to commercialize the CRISPR technology, and lots of venture capitalists that have been investing in these companies. 
Imagine that we could try to engineer humans that have enhanced properties, such as stronger bones, or less susceptibility to cardiovascular disease or even to have properties that we would consider maybe to be desirable, like a different eye color or to be taller, things like that. 
There are, of course, the therapeutic results of this, but then there are the un-therapeutic ones and they seem to be the ones gaining traction, particularly in the media. 
It may not be possible to come up with a consensus point of view, but I think we should at least understand what all the issues are as we go forward. 
I think that in the end, this technology will be used for human genome engineering, but I think to do that without careful consideration and discussion of the risks and potential complications would not be responsible. 
BG: There are a lot of technologies and other fields of science that are developing exponentially, pretty much like yours. 
JD: Well, I think it's hard for scientists to get out of the laboratory. 
BG: Jennifer, thanks for coming to TED. 
I'd like to start by asking you all to go to your happy place, please. 
Yes, your happy place, I know you've got one even if it's fake. 
Is there any strip lighting in your happy place? 
I wonder how long you would be happy in your happy place without any information from the outside world. 
We're moving from a time of static information, held in books and libraries and bus stops, through a period of digital information, towards a period of fluid information, where your children will expect to be able to access anything, anywhere at any time, from quantum physics to medieval viticulture, from gender theory to tomorrow's weather, just like switching on a lightbulb -- Imagine that. 
Fortunately, the big tech companies seem to agree. 
A while ago, I got to work with a design agency, Berg, on an exploration of what the Internet without screens might actually look like. 
And if we challenge ourselves, I think that actually we can have a happy place filled with the information we love that feels as natural and as simple as switching on lightbulb. 
And although it may seem inevitable, that what the public wants is watches and websites and widgets, maybe we could give a bit of thought to cork and light and hacky sacks. 
Every day, I listen to harrowing stories of people fleeing for their lives, across dangerous borders and unfriendly seas. 
And the community that once welcomed them there had become weary of them. 
They were taken then by small boats onto an old fishing boat, 500 of them crammed onto that boat, 300 below, [200] above. 
Day two on the water, they were sick with worry and sick to their stomachs from the rough sea. 
And Bassem said to her, "Please be patient. 
Soon they saw a boat approach -- a smaller boat, 10 men on board, who started shouting at them, hurling insults, throwing sticks, asking them to all disembark and get on this smaller, more unseaworthy boat. 
Doaa was holding on to the side of the boat as it sank, and watched in horror as a small child was cut to pieces by the propeller. 
Bassem said to her, "Please let go, or you'll be swept in and the propeller will kill you, too." 
One man approached them with a small baby perched on his shoulder, nine months old -- Malek. 
And the communities, the neighboring countries that once welcomed them with open arms and hearts are overwhelmed. 
And now it was Doaa's turn to say to Bassem, "My love, please hold on to hope, to our future. We will make it." 
Later that day, a mother came up to Doaa with her small 18-month-old daughter, Masa. 
Her older sister Sandra had just drowned, and her mother knew she had to do everything in her power to save her daughter. 
And she said to Doaa, "Please take this child. 
So Doaa, the 19-year-old refugee who was terrified of the water, who couldn't swim, found herself in charge of two little baby kids. 
But his heart soon stopped, and Doaa had to release the little boy into the water. 
This was from Masa's uncle, a Syrian refugee who had made it to Sweden with his family and also Masa's older sister. 
And the media wrote about this slight woman, and couldn't imagine how she could survive all this time under such conditions in that sea, and still save another life. 
She wants to become a lawyer or a politician or something that can help fight injustice. 
Why did she have to go through all that? 
Thanks to the efforts of intrepid voyagers in the last three centuries -- actually, we know also thanks to satellite technology, of course -- we know almost every single square meter of our planet's surface. 
And if we have a look at other planets like, for example, Mars, you will see that this characteristic is not so specific of our home planet. 
They really inspired in me a sense of wilderness, with a soul older than millions and millions of years. 
So we do not expect at all to find a cave there. 
So you can imagine that the water had tens or even hundreds of millions of years to sculpt the strangest forms on the tepuis' surfaces, but also to open the fractures and form stone cities, rock cities, fields of towers which are characterized in the famous landscape of the tepuis. 
It was a clear indication that there was something inside the mountain. 
So we did several attempts to reach this area, by land and with a helicopter, but it was really difficult because -- you have to imagine that these mountains are covered by clouds most of the year, by fog. 
You have to imagine that indigenous people have never been there. 
And we were a bit scared because it was all a discovery, and we didn't want to find a dinosaur. 
So whatever you find in the cave, even a small cricket, has evolved in the dark in complete isolation. 
What seems only a dark, empty environment could be in reality a chest of wonders full of useful information. 
It's always dark. They have to do science. They have a lot of tasks. 
And we've made this data public and free and open. 
I don't think of myself as a mental health activist. 
I think of myself as a national health activist. 
I want to tell you three stories about the power of relationships to solve the deep and complex social problems of this century. 
So in a really brave step, the leaders of the city where Ella lives agreed that we could start by reversing Ryan's ratio. 
And the mothers go, "You're the system. Get out of here!" 
I'm talking about the simple human bonds between us, a kind of authentic sense of connection, of belonging, the bonds that make us happy, that support us to change, to be brave like Ella and try something new. 
The cultures, the bureaucracies, the institutions -- they are global, and they've come to seem like common sense. 
And it's even more acute in countries like China, where a process of rapid urbanization, mass migration, has left older people alone in the villages. 
So some years ago, wanting to understand this problem, I started to work with a group of about 60 older people in South London, where I live. 
I went shopping, I played bingo, but mainly I was just observing and listening. 
They want somebody to go up a ladder and change a light bulb, or to be there when they come out of hospital. 
And Circle offers its local membership a toll-free 0 800 number that they can call on demand for any support. 
And Belinda says, "Oh no, I'm fine -- Jocelyn is doing the shopping, Tony's doing the gardening, Melissa and Joe are going to come in and cook and chat." 
Circle has got this very simple system that underpins it, enables a small local team to support a membership of up to a thousand. 
So professionals have to administer these increasingly complex forms of administration that are basically about stopping people accessing the service or managing the queue. 
And so the response has been to try and make these old systems even more efficient and transactional -- to speed up processing times, divide people into ever-smaller categories, try and target services at them more efficiently -- in other words, the very opposite of relational. 
And, well, it's very hard to compare the results of these new systems with the old transactional models, but it looks like, with our first 1,000 members, we outperformed existing services by a factor of three, at a fraction of the cost. 
 The antennas created an open and free Wi-Fi communication network in which anyone who wanted to would be able to participate using any Wi-Fi-enabled device without any hindrance, and be able to send messages to those listening on the frequencies that were being intercepted. 
# expect us. We will #shutdown" "This is the NSA's Achilles heel. Open Networks." 
"@NSA My neighbors are noisy. Please send a drone strike." 
Files appeared on the network, including classified documents leaked from the parliamentary investigation commission, which highlights that the free exchange and discussion of vital information is starting to become difficult, even for members of a parliament. 
You can go online and ask for a personal invitation to come and live for a few days in the Hotel Gelem, in their homes, eating, working and living with the Roma families. 
The point is not to make judgments, but rather to find out about the context that determines these disparate and seemingly insurmountable contradictions. 
In the protected context of the art exhibition, asylum seekers felt free to talk about themselves, their story and their situation, without fear of consequences. 
The situation for the asylum seekers is made worse by contradictory policies and the temptation of militarized responses. We have also established communication systems in remote refugee centers in Switzerland and Greece. 
For example, they are not allowed to buy a bus ticket or to rent a hotel room, so many families literally sleep in the streets. 
The destruction of the Atlantic Forest began in the early 1500s, when the Portuguese first arrived in Brazil, beginning European colonization in the eastern part of South America. 
And working in the Pantanal has been extremely refreshing because we found large, healthy tapir populations in the area, and we have been able to study tapirs in the most natural conditions we'll ever find, very much free of threats. 
So thanks to these amazing devices, we have been able to gather precious information about tapir reproduction and social organization which are very important pieces of the puzzle when you're trying to develop those conservation strategies. 
And somehow, tapirs are still there, which gives me a lot of hope. 
But I have to say that starting this new program in the Cerrado was a bit of a slap in the face. 
And you know? We human beings deserve to live in a world where we can get out there and see and benefit from not only tapirs but all the other beautiful species, now and in the future. 
But so far, we have been using special devices -- small photo detectors, to receive the information encoded in the data. 
But in order to prove the point, I can block the light of the solar cell. 
But now imagine that this LED lamp is a street light, and there's fog. 
But let me first elaborate, just a little bit, on a basic principle behind each search query that we sometimes seem to forget. 
So whenever you set out to Google something, start by asking yourself this: "Am I looking for an isolated fact?" 
Google uses a lot of smartness to achieve this, but quite simply, they look at two things more than anything. 
Now, in 2009, Michelle Obama was the victim of a racist campaign, where people set out to insult her through her search results. 
There was a picture distributed widely over the Internet where her face was distorted to look like a monkey. 
So we set off on a mission to travel the world and look for the people we finally termed as the "Supergays." 
Despite widespread poverty, a decade-long civil war, and now recently, a devastating earthquake, Nepal has made significant strides in the fight for equality. 
I had to come up with a strategy, so that I could just pee in peace. 
Here he is:  Prince Manvendra: I felt there was a lot of need to break this stigma and discrimination which is existing in our society. 
Whether we are gay, we are lesbian, we are transgender, bisexual or whatever sexual minority we come from, we have to all unite and fight for our rights. 
When I explained to her that I was with a woman instead of a man, she was incredulous, and she asked me a lot of questions about my parents' reactions and whether I was sad that I'd never be able to have children. 
Homosexual acts are a crime and can lead to incarceration. 
But we were worried for his safety because he started to receive death threats. 
They are for a lot of people that, even though they may never get married, will be perceived differently by their coworkers, their families and neighbors, from the national state's message of equality. 
And in the end, we believe, love will win out. 
Every week there's another release or two or three, and every shoe has a story as rich and compelling as the Jordan 3 Black Cement. 
Because who else is going to buy a pair of $8,000 Back to the Future sneakers? 
Thirty years in the making, what started as an underground culture of a few people who like sneakers just a bit too much --  Now we have sneaker addictions. 
I have about 250 pairs, but trust me, I am small-time. 
I grew up playing basketball when Michael Jordan played, I always wanted Air Jordans, my mother would never buy me Air Jordans, as soon as I got some money I bought Air Jordans -- literally, we all have the exact same story. 
Now sneakerheads check prices while camping out for releases. 
 Sneakerheads can track the value of their collection over time, compare it to others, and have access to the same analytics you might for your online brokerage account. 
 In fact, one guy emailed to say he thought his 15-year-old son was selling drugs and later found out he was selling sneakers. 
For a lot of people, sneakers are a legal and accessible investment opportunity -- a democratized stock market, but also unregulated. 
In fact, it's a very small piece of a much bigger and better story. 
So sneakers have clear similarities to both the stock exchange and the illegal drug trade, but perhaps the most fundamental is the existence of a central actor. 
Sneakerheads joke that as long as it's limited and Nike, they'll buy it. 
If Nike wanted to kill the resell market, they could do so tomorrow, all they have to do is release more shoes. 
What if the way to buy a share of Apple stock was to search over 100 places online and off, including every time you walk down the street just hoping to pass someone wearing some Apple stock? 
That would surely make you say: [WTF?] Of course that's not how we buy stock. 
But what if that's not how we need to buy sneakers either? 
What if the inverse is true, and what if we could buy sneakers exactly the same way as we buy stock? 
And not only could you buy in a much more educated and efficient manner, but you could engage in all the sophisticated financial transactions you can with the stock market. 
Well, it turns out that if you give a crayfish a lot of little tiny electric shocks every time it tries to come out of its burrow, it will develop anxiety. 
If your companions start to move quickly, you have to feel like you need to hurry up. 
We're all in a hurry now. 
People who seem to know only one thing about animal behavior know that you must never attribute human thoughts and emotions to other species. 
It is not scientific to say that they are hungry when they're hunting and they're tired when their tongues are hanging out, and then say when they're playing with their children and acting joyful and happy, we have no idea if they can possibly be experiencing anything. 
And I started to rifle through all the hundreds of scientific references that I put in my book and I realized that the answer was right in the room with me. 
But in the park, park rangers did that in the 1920s, and then 60 years later they had to bring them back, because the elk numbers had gotten out of control. 
The mystery is, why don't they hurt us more than they do? 
When she shows up, it's a big happy reunion. 
And I said to myself: "Clear your head, put it all aside. 
He ended up working as a croupier in a Beirut casino where I later found him, because he couldn't sleep, so it was quite a suitable job. 
I don't know if you've ever had an experience with death -- I'm not talking about dead bodies, or someone's grandfather lying in a hospital bed, or someone who got hit by a car. 
People used to say, "Neither the sun, nor death can be looked at with a steady eye." 
And he says -- later he will say, "I saw death. 
Or it can be the smell of a mass grave -- I saw a lot of that in Rwanda. 
So having that image of horror in your brain, seeing the void of death -- that analogue of horror which is hiding something -- will completely take over. 
I know people who placed small cans outside their house with coins inside, in case someone tried to get in. 
They say, "There's nothing wrong with you. You seem fine, you have no injuries. 
After 20 minutes, people were giving me dirty looks, the hostess had her nose in the ashtray. 
The only way to heal from this trauma, from this encounter with death that overwhelms, petrifies and kills you is to find a way to express it. 
Someone said, "Doctor, I don't use the subway anymore because I'm afraid people will see the horror in my eyes." 
Another guy thought he had a terrible skin disease and spent six months with dermatologists, going from doctor to doctor. 
During his second session, he told the psychiatrist he had a terrible skin disease from head to toe. 
The horror needs to be put into words -- human words, so we can organize it and talk about it again. 
We have to look death in the face. 
So this means that if we manage to look death in the face, and actually confront it, rather than keep quiet and hide, like some of the men or women I know did, such as Michael from Rwanda, Carole from Iraq, Philippe from the Congo and other people I know, like Sorj Chalandon, now a great writer, who gave up field assignments after a trauma. 
So if we can look death in the face, if we, mortal humans, human mortals, understand that we are human and mortal, mortal and human, if we can confront death and identify it once again as the most mysterious place of all mysterious places, since no one has ever seen it -- if we can give it back this meaning, yes, we may die, survive and come back to life, but we'll come back stronger than before. 
If form follows fiction, we could think of architecture and buildings as a space of stories -- stories of the people that live there, of the people that work in these buildings. 
And we could start to imagine the experiences our buildings create. 
Our buildings are prototypes, ideas for how the space of living or how the space of working could be different, and what a space of culture or a space of media could look like today. 
I think of our architecture as organizational structures. 
So we could think of architecture as complex systems of relationships, both in a programmatic and functional way and in an experiential and emotive or social way. 
And suddenly you think of architecture no longer as built substance, but as an organism, as a life form. 
So I proposed to topple the towers, throw the vertical into the horizontal and stack them up, and what looks a bit random from the side, if you look from the viewpoint of the helicopter, you can see its organizational structure is actually a hexagonal grid, in which these horizontal building blocks are stacked up to create huge outdoor courtyards -- central spaces for the community, programmed with a variety of amenities and functions. 
We paid a lot of attention to sustainability. 
And it was the idea of creating this variety of choices, of freedom to think where you would want to be, where you would want to escape, maybe, within the own complexity of the complex in which you live. 
So we wanted to think of a giant culture machine, a building that would orchestrate and animate the various domains, but allow them to interact and collaborate. 
The idea was to create a complex system in which institutional entities could maintain their own identity, in which they would not be subsumed in a singular volume. 
And I want to end on a project that is very small, in a way, very different: a floating cinema in the ocean of Thailand. 
Friends of mine had founded a film festival, and I thought, if we think of the stories and narratives of movies, we should also think of the narratives of the people that watch them. 
So I designed a small modular floating platform, based on the techniques of local fishermen, how they built their lobster and fish farms. 
So the deal is that with VR, virtual reality, I can put you on scene in the middle of the story. 
Believe me, I had a lot of colleagues laughing at me. 
As soon as I heard that audio, I knew that this would be the kind of evocative piece that could really describe what was going on at food banks. 
And I had a lot of people come out of that piece saying, "Oh my God, I was so frustrated. I couldn't help the guy," and take that back into their lives. 
[The civil war in Syria may seem far away]   [Project Syria] [A virtual reality experience] NP: We were then invited to take the piece to the Victoria and Albert Museum in London. 
And we were put in this tapestry room. 
But a lot of people tried it, and over a five-day run we ended up with 54 pages of guest book comments, and we were told by the curators there that they'd never seen such an outpouring. 
But it turns out we can feel like we're in two places at once. 
And in this surreal, otherworldly place, it's almost possible to imagine that you hear the muffled footfall of skin boots on soft earth, or that you see the flickering of a torch around the next bend. 
When I'm in a cave, I often find myself wondering what drove these people to go so deep to brave dangerous and narrow passageways to leave their mark? 
As we crawled forward, military-style, with the ceiling getting ever lower, we finally got to a point where the ceiling was so low that my husband and project photographer, Dylan, could no longer achieve focus on the ceiling with his DSLR camera. 
The problem was that while they were well documented at some sites, usually the ones with the very nice animals, there was also a large number of them where it was very vague -- there wasn't a lot of description or detail. 
That is a very small number. 
Now, if these were random doodles or decorations, we would expect to see a lot more variation, but instead what we find are the same signs repeating across both space and time. 
Some signs start out strong, before losing popularity and vanishing, while other signs are later inventions. 
With many of the same signs appearing in such far-flung places, especially in that 30,000 to 40,000-year range, it's starting to seem increasingly likely that this invention actually traces back to a common point of origin in Africa. 
But what we do have are some intriguing one-offs, like this panel from La Pasiega in Spain, known as "The Inscription," with its symmetrical markings on the left, possible stylized representations of hands in the middle, and what looks a bit like a bracket on the right. 
Now don't get me wrong, the later creation of fully developed writing was an impressive feat in its own right. 
Guillaume Néry: Thank you.  Thank you very much, thanks for the warm welcome. 
My body is dense and heavy enough to fall into the depths by itself, and I enter what's called the free fall phase. 
The free fall phase is the best part of the dive. 
We resist, we go against it. We fight. 
For swimmers and athletes and also for us, free divers, it's a number everyone dreams of. 
Today, we go down 200 meters in no limit free diving. 
And in a way, it's all thanks to him, because he challenged known facts, and with a sweep of his hand, got rid of the theoretical beliefs and all the mental limits that we like to impose on ourselves. 
[The Pale Blue Dot] It's that small dot the arrow is pointing to. 
And it shows that our home is that small dot over there, floating in the middle of nothing. 
I feel like a small dot, a speck of dust, stardust, floating in the middle of the cosmos, in the middle of nothing, in the immensity of space. 
I get something of a shock at the very moment when I decide to go up. 
It's something that happens to scuba divers, but it can happen to free divers. 
I want to go up. I want to breathe now." 
Never look up to the surface -- not with your eyes, or your mind. 
Every time I see them, I think to myself, "It's thanks to you." 
It's thanks to them, my team, that I'm here. 
So I'm happy to finish my journey with them, because I wouldn't be here if it weren't for them. 
Though the journey was extraordinary, I do need to feel those small oxygen molecules fueling my body. 
So all of this affects quite a lot of things. 
So, the journey I've just described to you is a more extreme version of free diving. 
Luckily, it's far from just that. For the past few years, I've been trying to show another side of free diving, because the media mainly talks about competitions and records. 
But free diving is more than just that. 
It's about being at ease in the water. 
Being able to free dive lets you, just for a moment, relax your mind. 
Everything feels better, all at once. 
Learning how to free dive is also about learning to breathe correctly. 
I think I've been sharing my story with a lot of people who don't care too much. 
AT: Well, I think it's got to be understood that a marginal rise in sea level would mean a loss of a lot of land, because much of the land is low. 
But for the first time, at the beginning of this year, the Cyclone Pam, which destroyed Vanuatu, and in the process, the very edges of it actually touched our two southernmost islands, and all of Tuvalu was underwater when Hurricane Pam struck. 
It comes with the winds, it comes with the swells, and so they can be magnified, but what we are beginning to witness is the change in the weather pattern, which is perhaps the more urgent challenge that we will face sooner than perhaps the rising sea level. 
As you look forward, what are your options as a country, as a nation? 
Some of them later recognized me, but I think they were very happy. 
I spoke in our language, and of course they spoke back, they replied, but their accent, they are beginning not to be able to speak Kiribati properly. 
And it's very inspiring to hear you say you're going to fight to the end to try to preserve the nation in a location. 
There was a bit of a story in the news because they were arguing that to cut emissions, it would be something that they're unable to do because it would affect the industries. 
There was a sense of futility that we are fighting a fight that we have no hope of winning. 
We don't have a lot of livestock, so it's fish that we depend on. 
Another reason why I did that was because I had been asking the international community that in order to deal with climate change, in order to fight climate change, there has got to be sacrifice, there has got to be commitment. 
We are still trying to assess what that loss would be because we actually closed it off at the beginning of this year, and so we will see by the end of this year what it means in terms of the lost revenue. 
For any vessel to come in to fish for a day, we have raised the fee from -- it was $6,000 and $8,000, now to $10,000, $12,000 per vessel day. 
What we have been trying to do over the years is actually to increase our participation in the industry, in the harvesting, in the processing, and eventually, hopefully, the marketing. 
In order to increase our rate of return, we have to become more involved. 
You can go ahead as much as you like. 
We will be meeting in Paris at the end of this year, but until we can think of this as a global phenomenon, because we create it, individually, as nations, but it affects everybody else, and yet, we refuse to do anything about it, and we deal with it as a national problem, which it is not -- it is a global issue, and it's got to be dealt with collectively. 
My colleagues and I created very official terms to describe two distinct categories of candidates. 
And we call B "the Scrapper," the one who had to fight against tremendous odds to get to the same point. 
You just heard a human resources director refer to people as Silver Spoons and Scrappers --  which is not exactly politically correct and sounds a bit judgmental. 
A series of odd jobs may indicate inconsistency, lack of focus, unpredictability. 
To be clear, I don't hold anything against the Silver Spoon; getting into and graduating from an elite university takes a lot of hard work and sacrifice. 
But if your whole life has been engineered toward success, how will you handle the tough times? 
Many of them had experienced early hardships, anywhere from poverty, abandonment, death of a parent while young, to learning disabilities, alcoholism and violence. 
The conventional thinking has been that trauma leads to distress, and there's been a lot of focus on the resulting dysfunction. 
Scrappers know that humor gets you through the tough times, and laughter helps you change your perspective. 
The beginning of this performance was easy. 
Alright -- please take off your blindfolds. 
First of all, let's explain what the performance is. 
Which is very important, the performance is -- you know, all human beings are always afraid of very simple things. 
We're afraid of suffering, we're afraid of pain, we're afraid of mortality. 
This performance -- when I said to the curator, "I'm just going to sit at the chair, and there will be an empty chair at the front, and anybody from the public can come and sit as long as they want." 
And you are getting free time for yourself for the first time. 
You know, you go through this whole range of being bored, being angry, being completely frustrated, not finishing the amount of rice you're counting. 
But my method is to do things I'm afraid of, the things I fear, the things I don't know, to go to territory that nobody's ever been. 
The upshot is that there are actually quite a lot of nations that may have little or even no commercially available literature in English. 
I was going to have to ask for help. 
At first, it was friends and colleagues. 
Now, having spent several months trying everything I could think of to find a book that had been translated into English from the nation, it seemed as though the only option left to me was to see if I could get something translated for me from scratch. 
With my nine volunteers in place, I managed to find a book by a São Toméan author that I could buy enough copies of online. 
And, it's testament to the extraordinary times we live in, where, thanks to the Internet, it's easier than ever before for a stranger to share a story, a worldview, a book with someone she may never meet, on the other side of the planet. 
I lost my sight at the age of 14 in a swimming pool accident. 
Of course, my brothers were not happy about it, and later, I noticed they were not there whenever I needed them. 
One that I strongly remember said, "For me, the Internet is a small window to the world." 
My goal is to come up here independently. 
What does a working mother look like? 
You'll notice a theme in these photos. We'll look at a lot of them. 
Today in America, women make up 47 percent of the workforce, and in 40 percent of American households a woman is the sole or primary breadwinner. 
The babies that women, many of them working women, are having today, will one day fill our workforce, protect our shores, make up our tax base. 
Statistically speaking, the shorter a woman's leave after having a baby, the more likely she will be to suffer from postpartum mood disorders like depression and anxiety, and among many potential consequences of those disorders, suicide is the second most common cause of death in a woman's first year postpartum. 
I promised my boss that the work I didn't get done during the day, I'd make up at night from home. 
That narrative of gratitude runs through a lot of the stories I hear. 
The first eight make up eight million in total population. 
It should have no exceptions for small businesses, length of employment or entrepreneurs. 
Not one more family should have to drain their savings account to buy a few days of rest and recovery and bonding. 
Now, this is the part of the talk where you may expect me to launch into my plea for us to all save the coral reefs. 
Whether I see it in a tweet, in a news headline or the glossy pages of a conservation brochure, that phrase bothers me, because we as conservationists have been sounding the alarms about the death of coral reefs for decades. 
If they don't understand what a coral is or where it comes from, or how funny or interesting or beautiful it is, why would we expect them to care about saving them? 
So imagine finding a place where you would live the rest of your life when you were just two days old. 
I'm lucky enough to work on the island of Curaçao, where we still have reefs that look like this. 
And we now have many bacterial strains in our freezer that will reliably cause corals to go through that settlement and attachment process. 
Here's a female on the left with some eggs in her tissue, about to release them into the seawater. 
Thanks to the work of our scientific aunts and uncles, and thanks to the 10 years of practice we've had in Curaçao at raising other coral species, we got some of those larvae to go through the rest of the process and settle and attach, and turn into metamorphosed corals. 
Now, compare that to our other crises and our other areas of concern as a society. 
Stars die by this same intersection, this time flung outward in a violent collision of smaller atoms, intersecting and efficiently fusing into altogether new and heavier things. 
We can all think of intersections that have special meaning to us. 
Thankfully, Norfolk State University provided me with full funding, and I was able to achieve my bachelor's in physics. 
 It became immediately apparent that not everyone was thrilled to have that degree of liminality in their space. 
I was ostracized by many of my classmates, one of whom went so far as to invite me to "do what I really came here to do" as he pushed all the dirty dishes from our meal in front of me to clean up. 
While there is nothing inherently wrong with a janitorial position, and in fact my forefathers and foremothers were able to attend college because many of their parents worked these jobs, it was a clear attempt to put me in my place. 
While there was certainly the acute pain of the encounter, the real issue is that my appearance can tell anyone anything about my ability. 
This is to say nothing of the enrichment that is realized when STEM is combined with other disciplines. 
Do not think for one minute that because you are who you are, you cannot be who you imagine yourself to be. 
 I am now part of a small but growing cadre of women of color in STEM who are poised to bring new perspectives and new ideas to life on the most pressing issues of our time: things like educational inequities, police brutality, HIV/AIDS, climate change, genetic editing, artificial intelligence and Mars exploration. 
This is to say nothing of the things we haven't even thought of yet. 
I was lucky to be at the technology conference on that day, and I had access to 3D printers. 
So I looked at the necklace, and then I thought, "If I can print a necklace from home, why not print my clothes from home, too?" 
I found a small makerspace, where I learned everything I know about 3D printing. 
The main challenge was to find the right filament for printing clothes with. 
I chose this word because I felt so empowered and free when I could just design a garment from my home and then print it by myself. 
Imagine personalized clothes that fit exactly to your measurements. 
You would have to go to the record shop and buy CDs, but now you can just download the music -- digital music -- directly to your phone. 
And I wonder what our world will look like when our clothes will be digital, just like this skirt is. 
Well, this is what happens to a lot of coastal mangrove forests. 
Connecticut used to be home to a lot of wild salmon. 
And so even though we're doing less per fish to bring it to the market, we're still killing a lot of these little fish. 
Ray wanted the sandwich to come in at 25 cents, so he turned to Atlantic cod. 
If we go through the pollock, the next choice is probably going to be tilapia. 
Well, one possibility that a lot of conservationists have raised is could we eat them? 
And if we were to go down that route what I would say is, instead of paying a few bucks a pound -- or a few bucks a ton, really -- and making it into aquafeed, could we halve the catch and double the price for the fishermen and make that our way of treating these particular fish? 
It doesn't seem to be getting scaled up. 
It was collected from close to Antarctica, thousands of meters below the sea, so, very different than the kinds of corals you may have been lucky enough to see if you've had a tropical holiday. 
If you plunge deep into the sea, or even put your toes in the sea, you know it gets colder as you go down, and that's mostly because the deep waters that fill the abyss of the ocean come from the cold polar regions where the waters are dense. 
We know from ice core research that the transition from these cold conditions to warm conditions wasn't smooth, as you might predict from the slow increase in solar radiation. 
It didn't increase smoothly. 
So if we want to find out what's going on down in the deep sea, we really need to get down there, see what's there and start to explore. 
Those are things that look like tentacles coming out of corals. 
Everyone's scurrying around, and I get terribly seasick, so it's not always a lot of fun, but overall it is. 
And we go down, and these are the kinds of things you see. 
This is a swimming holothurian -- it's a small sea slug, basically. 
Most of the footage I'm showing you is speeded up, because all of this takes a lot of time. 
I've never seen anything like this and it took us all a bit surprised. 
This was after about 15 hours of work and we were all a bit trigger-happy, and suddenly this giant sea monster started rolling past. 
It's small, about five centimeters high. 
And if we can understand how these chemicals get into the skeleton, we can then go back, collect fossil specimens, and reconstruct what the ocean used to look like in the past. 
So going along, there's giant sharks everywhere, there are pyrosomes, there are swimming holothurians, there's giant sponges, but I make everyone go down to these dead fossil areas and spend ages kind of shoveling around on the seafloor. 
And we pick up all these corals, bring them back, we sort them out. 
But each one of these is a different age, and if we can find out how old they are and then we can measure those chemical signals, this helps us to find out what's been going on in the ocean in the past. 
On the right-hand side, we've taken that same piece of coral, put it in a nuclear reactor, induced fission, and every time there's some decay, you can see that marked out in the coral, so we can see the uranium distribution. 
The decay helps us find out about the rates and dates of what's going on in the ocean. 
It's just a still taken out of that first piece of footage that I showed you. 
We didn't even expect to find things this beautiful. 
So next time you're lucky enough to fly over the ocean or sail over the ocean, just think -- there are massive sea mountains down there that nobody's ever seen before, and there are beautiful corals. 
So with H1N1, there was this guy that decided to go on the plane and in the matter of a single flight actually spread the disease to 17 other people. 
So when someone actually goes on a plane, they could be sick and they could actually be in this latency period in which they could actually have the disease but not exhibit any symptoms, and they could, in turn, spread the disease to many other people in the cabin. 
I didn't have the money to go out and buy a plane, so I decided to build a computer instead. 
With this, we're able to reduce pathogen transmission by about 55 times, and increase fresh-air inhalation by about 190 percent. 
And in the future, a big disease outbreak could actually cost the world in excess of three trillion dollars. 
  EC: Y'all like that? Let me show you how we used to do it -- NP: Get it pops, go ahead. 
But a lot of people out there don't really know what beatboxing is, where it started from. 
So why don't you give them a little history -- just a tickle -- a bit of history of where it comes from. 
And they're projected to achieve about 40 percent growth. 
I'm an architect and urban designer, and for the past year and a half, I've been looking at approaches to death and dying and at how they've shaped our cities and the buildings within them. 
So in the summer, I did my first exhibition on death and architecture in Venice, and it was called "Death in Venice." 
And because death is a subject that many of us find quite uncomfortable to talk about, the exhibition was designed to be quite playful, so that people would literally engage with it. 
We wanted to show that, even though death and burial are things that we might not think about, they're all around us, and they're important parts of our cities. 
And, you know, they look at the small size of a burial plot and that high cost, and it looks like there's serious money to be made. 
Then they hit on the idea of making a cemetery and they calculated that by doing this, they could increase the value of their land from about 95,000 pounds to over one million pounds. 
They look like they're expensive, but that cost reflects the fact that you need to maintain the burial plot -- like, someone has to cut the grass for the next 50 years. 
So just to explain to you kind of how this works: If I want to build something in the UK, like a cemetery for example, then I have to apply for planning permission first. 
And they'll be thinking about things like, is this thing going to cause pollution or is there going to be a lot of traffic that wants to go to this thing that I've built? 
So, the first thing that they tell you is that you need to have a certificate of burial before you can go ahead -- you're not allowed to just murder people and put them under the patio. 
Although, actually, it's more likely that no one will want to buy your house at all after that. 
And the reasons that people give ... you know, they think that their death is far off or they think that they're going to make people uncomfortable by talking about it. 
But when it comes to our cities and thinking about how death fits in our cities, there's much less regulation and design and thought than we might imagine. 
So we're not thinking about this, but all of the people we imagine are thinking about it -- they're not taking care of it either. 
PM: So tell me, what do you look for in a friend? 
LT: I look for someone who has a sense of fun, who's audacious, who's forthcoming, who has politics, who has even a small scrap of passion for the planet, someone who's decent, has a sense of justice and who thinks I'm worthwhile. 
And most of them are a good deal younger than me, too. 
PM: Well, as we grow older, and as we go through different kinds of life's journeys, what do you do to keep your friendships vital and alive? 
LT: Well you have to use a lot of -- JF: She doesn't invite me over much, I'll tell you that. 
LT: I have to use a lot of social media -- You be quiet now. And so --  LT: And I look through my emails, I look through my texts to find my friends, so I can answer them as quickly as possible, because I know they need my counsel. 
LT: When we knew we would be here today you sent me a lot of books about women, female friendships, and I was so surprised to see how many books, how much research has been done recently -- JF: And were you grateful? LT: I was grateful. 
Here she is, like Hollywood royalty, I'm like a tough kid from Detroit, [Dolly's] a Southern kid from a poor town in Tennessee, and we found we were so in sync as women, and we must have -- we laughed -- we must have added at least a decade onto our lifespans. 
Do you think of your friends as spiritual? 
There's business friends, and party friends, I've got a lot of those. 
JF: There's a lot of difference, and I think we have to have a lot of empathy for men --  that they don't have what we have. 
 I have a lot of compassion for men, because women, no kidding, we -- women's relationships, our friendships are full disclosure, we go deep. 
You know, people describe women's relationships as face-to-face, whereas men's friendships are more side-by-side. 
They don't ask for help. 
JF: Well, women are the fastest growing demographic in the world, especially older women. 
We in the Western world need to consume less and when we buy things, we need to buy things that are made locally, when we buy food, we need to buy food that's grown locally. 
I had no idea if it would work or was at all possible, but with a few small steps and a very steep learning curve, I made my first sculpture, called "The Lost Correspondent." 
This grew to a small community, to almost an entire movement of people in defense of the sea. 
 But in the end, the results always blow my mind. 
It's a bit of a cliché, but nothing man-made can ever match the imagination of nature. 
Sponges look like veins across the faces. 
What I really hope is that people are beginning to understand that when we think of the environment and the destruction of nature, that we need to start thinking about our oceans, too. 
And it's really hard to think of something that's just so plain and so enormous, as fragile. 
Because for me, this is just the beginning of the mission. 
General relativity is unquestionably Einstein's masterpiece, a theory which reveals the workings of the universe at the grandest scales, capturing in one beautiful line of algebra everything from why apples fall from trees to the beginning of time and space. 
It's thanks to relativity and quantum mechanics that we've learned what the universe is made from, how it began and how it continues to evolve. 
The next few years may tell us whether we'll be able to continue to increase our understanding of nature, or whether maybe for the first time in the history of science, we could be facing questions that we cannot answer, not because we don't have the brains or technology, but because the laws of physics themselves forbid it. 
This contradiction is the most pressing problem in fundamental physics, and in the next few years, we may find out whether we'll ever be able to solve it. 
Now, if you followed the news at the time, you'll have seen a lot of physicists getting very excited indeed, and you'd be forgiven for thinking we get that way every time we discover a new particle. 
Relativity and quantum mechanics tell us that it has two natural settings, a bit like a light switch. 
In reality, the Higgs field is just slightly on, not zero but 10,000 trillion times weaker than its fully on value, a bit like a light switch that's got stuck just before the off position. 
Theorists have spent decades trying to understand why it has this very peculiarly fine-tuned number, and they've come up with a number of possible explanations. 
But there's actually an even worse example of this kind of fine-tuning of a dangerous number, and this time it comes from the other end of the scale, from studying the universe at vast distances. 
 We don't know what dark energy is, but the best idea is that it's the energy of empty space itself, the energy of the vacuum. 
The hope was that a complete combination of Einstein's general theory of relativity, which is the theory of the universe at grand scales, with quantum mechanics, the theory of the universe at small scales, might provide a solution. 
Einstein himself spent most of his later years on a futile search for a unified theory of physics, and physicists have kept at it ever since. 
Each one would describe a different universe with different laws of physics. 
But others actually turned this on its head and said, well, maybe this apparent failure is string theory's greatest triumph. 
Despite high hopes for the first run of the LHC, what we were looking for there -- we were looking for new theories of physics: supersymmetry or large extra dimensions that could explain this weirdly fine-tuned value of the Higgs field. 
Harry Cliff: I was very lucky that I joined the experiment I work on at the LHC in 2008, just as we were switching on, and there are people in my research group who have been working on it for three decades, their entire careers on one machine. 
AG: Well, I think, basically, what triggered this huge increase was the Syrian refugee group. 
There has been an increased movement into Europe from Africa, from Asia, but slowly growing, and all of a sudden we had this massive increase in the first months of this year. 
The long-term ones, in relation to Syrians, is that hope is less and less clear for people. 
The World Food Programme was forced, for lack of resources, to cut by 30 percent food support to the Syrian refugees. 
All of a sudden, there was a rush, and people started to move in large numbers and, to be absolutely honest, if I had been in the same situation and I would have been brave enough to do it, I think I would have done the same. 
You prefer to postpone decisions, because you do not have the capacity to make them. 
And the proof is that even when the spike occurred, Europe remained divided and was unable to put in place a mechanism to manage the situation. 
They are the three countries that are, in the end, receiving the refugees. 
BG: Let me try to bring up three questions, playing a bit devil's advocate. 
BG: We seem to be at the point where the numbers turn into political shifts, particularly domestically. 
But, unfortunately, we have a lot of people scared, just because Europe was not able to do the job properly. 
How do you imagine these people reacting? 
It is because things are not properly managed that in the end we have situations that are totally impossible to live with, and of course if you have a village -- in Lebanon, there are many villages that have more Syrians than Lebanese; Lebanon has been living with that. 
We were much worse during the summer. 
And, of course, if you look at today's situation of the indicators in these countries, it is clear that, especially their poor groups of the population, are living worse and worse because of the crisis they are facing. 
It's clear that bilateral cooperation is essential. 
It's clear that multilateral cooperation is essential. 
It's clear that international financial institutions should have flexibility in order to be able to invest more massively in support to these countries. 
It is clear that the world today is much more dangerous than it was. 
It is clear that the capacity of the international community to prevent conflicts and to timely solve them, is, unfortunately, much worse than what it was 10 years ago. 
There are no clear power relations in the world, no global governance mechanisms that work, which means that we live in a situation where impunity and unpredictability tend to prevail, and that means that more and more people suffer, namely those that are displaced by conflicts. 
What an individual hacker or a small group of anonymous individuals did was enter those social media conversations that so many of us took part in. 
On social media, they said, "We will release information that ties prosecutors and governors to corrupt drug deals with the cartel." 
Technical ability is rising around the world, and individuals and small groups have the advantage. 
And so it should be not fearful, it should be inspiring to the same governments that fought for civil rights, free speech and democracy in the great wars of the last century, that today, for the first time in human history, we have a technical opportunity to make billions of people safer around the world that we've never had before in human history. 
What keeps us healthy and happy If you were going to invest now in your future best self, where would you put your time and your energy? 
 And we're constantly told to lean in to work, to push harder and achieve more. 
We're given the impression that these are the things that we need to go after in order to have a good life. 
What if we could study people from the time that they were teenagers all the way into old age to see what really keeps people happy and healthy? 
And we are now beginning to study the more than 2,000 children of these men. 
High-conflict marriages, for example, without much affection, turn out to be very bad for our health, perhaps worse than getting divorced. 
And good, close relationships seem to buffer us from some of the slings and arrows of getting old. 
Just like the millennials in that recent survey, many of our men when they were starting out as young adults really believed that fame and wealth and high achievement were what they needed to go after to have a good life. 
What might leaning in to relationships even look like? 
It became clear to me that while it's true that polarization is primarily driven by our human behavior, social media shapes this behavior and magnifies its impact. 
First, we don't know how to deal with rumors. 
We tend to only communicate with people that we agree with, and thanks to social media, we can mute, un-follow and block everybody else. 
Because of the speed and brevity of social media, we are forced to jump to conclusions and write sharp opinions in 140 characters about complex world affairs. 
There's a lot of debate today on how to combat online harassment and fight trolls. 
The black notes were sticking, the white notes were out of tune, the pedals didn't work and the piano itself was just too small. 
 Within moments it became clear that something magical was happening. 
I think we need to gain a bit more appreciation for the unexpected advantages of having to cope with a little mess. 
And the reason is, the difficult font had slowed them down, forced them to work a bit harder, to think a bit more about what they were reading, to interpret it ... 
What I mean is, imagine you're in a restaurant, you're having a conversation, there are all kinds of other conversations going on in the restaurant, you want to filter them out, you want to focus on what's important to you. 
They had weak filters, they had porous filters -- let a lot of external information in. 
So how do you solve a really complex -- the world's full of complicated problems -- how do you solve a really complicated problem? 
Your eye would go down the list and it would settle on whatever was the least disruptive, the least troublesome, which of course misses the point entirely. 
And what Brian Eno came to realize was, yes, we need to run the stupid experiments, we need to deal with the awkward strangers, we need to try to read the ugly fonts. 
I can't see this planet with my naked eyes or even with the most powerful telescopes we currently possess. 
So we look for planets that orbit at just the right distance from their stars. 
It's named after the Roman goddess of love and beauty, because of its benign, ethereal appearance in the sky. 
OK, now imagine that car is 100 trillion miles away, and you want to know the precise color of that fly. 
So I'd like future telescopes to follow up on this planet to look for signs of life. 
Our grandparents' generation created an amazing system of canals and reservoirs that made it possible for people to live in places where there wasn't a lot of water. 
A similar drama is playing out today in São Paulo, Brazil, where the main reservoir for the city has gone from being completely full in 2010, to being nearly empty today as the city approaches the 2016 Summer Olympics. 
We like our neighbors to see our dirty cars and our brown lawns. 
But if you live in a place where it mainly rains in the winter time and most of the water demand is in the summertime, it's not a very cost-effective way to solve a water problem. 
In the second step in the process, we add a small amount of hydrogen peroxide and shine ultraviolet light on the water. 
The ultraviolet light cleaves the hydrogen peroxide into two parts that are called hydroxyl radicals, and these hydroxyl radicals are very potent forms of oxygen that break down most organic chemicals. 
We can have California-friendly landscaping with soil moisture detectors and smart irrigation controllers and have beautiful green landscapes in our cities. 
"It's a great thing to do if you have lots of oil, not a lot of water and you don't care about climate change." 
And we can make up the difference through a combination of stormwater harvesting and seawater desalination. 
He said, "We will start with smaller quantity," -- I was like, aww -- and then he said, "of 25 kgs. 
That's a lot of gold." 
He said, "I will be so much happy if the deal goes well, because I'm going to get a very good commission as well." 
It was getting a bit out of hand. 
I said, "Please call me Kitkat in all further correspondence." 
I said, "Solomon, Is the deal still on? 
There are a lot of people who do mean things to scammers. 
Given that Nelson died three months ago, I'd describe his health condition as fairly serious." 
Because I was tired of the racism, I was tired of discrimination, I was tired of the "-isms" and the schisms. 
I was tired of the vicious cycle, and I was tired of it even in the beloved agency in the department that I still love today. 
Off the top, we want to bring things into the community and come up with these extravagant strategies and deployments, but we never talk to the community about them. 
And so, as I try to hurry and get through this, I need to say this: it's not just law enforcement, though. 
We began to deal with our youth and with those who we consider are on the wrong side of the fence. 
When you think of gossip, you think: rapid reproduction, destruction. 
And in the Igala-speaking part of Nigeria, the plant is known as A Kp'iye Kp'oma, And when you hear that, you think of death. 
I'd quit my job in corporate America and decided to take this big leap of faith, a leap of faith that came out of a deep sense of conviction that there was a lot of work to do in Nigeria in the area of sustainable development. 
And so I did further research to find out more about the beneficial uses of this weed. 
First step: Get out into the waterways and harvest the water hyacinth. 
And so I began my quest to find out how I can learn how to weave. 
So I literally took my dried weeds in hand, there were several more of them, and went knocking from door to door to find out who could teach me how to weave these water hyacinth stems into ropes. 
And that was the beginning of partnerships. 
Working with rattan basket makers to come up with products. 
Now, a lot of people will tell you that cave diving is perhaps one of the most dangerous endeavors. 
I mean, imagine yourself here in this room, if you were suddenly plunged into blackness, with your only job to find the exit, sometimes swimming through these large spaces, and at other times crawling beneath the seats, following a thin guideline, just waiting for the life support to provide your very next breath. 
I can swim through a lot of the pores in our earth's sponge, but where I can't, other life-forms and other materials can make that journey without me. 
So imagine that: these are like little swimming dinosaurs. 
But as tools have become more and more complex, we need more complex controls to control them. 
So it's not that complex compared to what's going on at CERN, but it did take a long time for us to build it. 
And then we had to make a lot of them. 
And so that meant that we had a lot of work to do. 
And so we were able to do this by embedding 40 small, tiny linear actuators inside the device, and that allow you not only to touch them but also back-drive them as well. 
But we've also looked at other ways to create more complex shape change. 
I think, really, where we are today is in this new age of the Internet of Things, where we have computers everywhere -- they're in our pockets, they're in our walls, they're in almost every device that you'll buy in the next five years. 
And so how can we have smart furniture or smart rooms or smart environments or cities that can adapt to us physically, and allow us to do new ways of collaborating with people and doing new types of tasks? 
But looking forward, I think we need to go beyond this, beyond devices, to really think about new ways that we can bring people together, and bring our information into the world, and think about smart environments that can adapt to us physically. 
Very brave of you, because the first one was written by the human poet William Blake. 
The second one was written by an algorithm that took all the language from my Facebook feed on one day and then regenerated it algorithmically, according to methods that I'll describe a little bit later on. 
Now before we go on, let me describe very quickly and simply, how RKCP works. 
So, you give RKCP a source text, it analyzes the source text in order to find out how it uses language, and then it regenerates language that emulates that first text. 
So I'm sure a lot of you have been hearing a lot about artificial intelligence recently. 
What we seem to be asking over and over is can we build a human-like computer? 
The food and agricultural organizations of the world have suggested that we need a 70 percent increase in current agricultural practice to meet that demand. 
This is taken from a study by Dai published in 2011, where he took into consideration all the potential effects of climate change and expressed them -- amongst other things -- increased aridity due to lack of rain or infrequent rain. 
The areas in red shown here, are areas that until recently have been very successfully used for agriculture, but cannot anymore because of lack of rainfall. 
We're going to have to think of some very smart ways of producing food. 
And loss of a small amount of water results in death. 
They tend to be small, very attractive, but they hold onto their water at such great cost that they grow extremely slowly. 
Annuals make up the bulk of our plant food supplies. 
And it's been a great strategy because in a short space of time you can produce a lot of seed. 
Seeds are energy-rich so there's a lot of food calories, you can store it in times of plenty for times of famine, but there's a downside. 
So on the extreme top left, for example, is a grass, it's called Eragrostis nindensis, it's got a close relative called Eragrostis tef -- a lot of you might know it as "teff" -- it's a staple food in Ethiopia, it's gluten-free, and it's something we would like to make drought-tolerant. 
I'm going to now just give you some of the data from that first approach. 
And in order to do that I have to explain a little bit about how genes work. 
They normally require a lot of fine-tuning, lots of things to be present and correct before that gene is switched on. 
Well, all stresses, particularly drought stress, results in the formation of free radicals, or reactive oxygen species, which are highly damaging and can cause crop death. 
And I answer that question, as a consequence of a lot of research from my group and recent collaborations from a group of Henk Hilhorst in the Netherlands, Mel Oliver in the United States and Julia Buitink in France. 
As we go down underwater, after about 10 meters, all the red is gone. 
And it's a bit like "E.T. phone home." 
These lizardfish come in many varieties, and they look almost exactly alike under white light. 
They would blend right into the algae, which would also fluoresce red, but they've got great vision, and they go through this long mating ritual, and perhaps they're using it in that effect. 
Somebody's got to go down and check to see if the sharks are fluorescent. 
So it's mainly a shallow phenomenon. 
Now, this building started out as a space for a small group of wealthy, educated Christian priests. 
Now, this development took place as a great evolution, moving from the beginning of a few elite, and eventually able to speak to audiences of people that come from all over the world. 
The original decoration of this church reflected a smaller world. 
With the addition of images of the Pope's friends and family, this was a perfect decoration for a small court limited to the European continent. 
And it did, thanks to a creative genius, a visionary and an awesome story. 
And he had been left with a commission to paint 12 apostles against a decorative background in the Sistine Chapel ceiling, which would look like every other ceiling in Italy. 
Oh, but no, Noah is the one who grew grapes, invented wine, got drunk and passed out naked in his barn. 
But he's about to dispel the gloom by using those bright colors right underneath Noah: emerald, topaz, scarlet on the prophet Zechariah. 
And now we're at the keystone of the ceiling, the culmination of the whole thing, with a figure that looks like he's about to fall out of his space into our space, encroaching our space. 
This is the Pope's private chapel, and the best way you can describe that is indeed a stew of nudes. 
But Michelangelo was trying to use only the best artistic language, the most universal artistic language he could think of: that of the human body. 
Michelangelo soon found that thanks to the printing press, complaints about the nudity spread all over the place, and soon his masterpiece of human drama was labeled pornography, at which point he added two more portraits, one of the man who criticized him, a papal courtier, and the other one of himself as a dried up husk, no athlete, in the hands of a long-suffering martyr. 
Turns out that the Supreme Court has made clear through a long line of cases, that certain things are not patent eligible. 
These things are just too fundamental and must remain free to all and reserved exclusively to none. 
So we set out to build our case. 
We set out to identify a gene-patent holder that was vigorously enforcing its patents and then to organize a broad coalition of plaintiffs and experts that could tell the court about all the ways that these patents were harming patients and innovation. 
It charged a lot of money for its test -- over 3,000 dollars. 
We ended up with 20 highly committed plaintiffs: genetic counselors, geneticists who had received cease and desist letters, advocacy organizations, four major scientific organizations that collectively represented more than 150,000 scientists and medical professionals, and individual women who either couldn't afford Myriad's test, or who wanted to obtain a second opinion but could not, as a result of the patents. 
So in order to argue that what Myriad did was not an invention, and that isolated BRCA genes were products of nature, we had to explain a couple of basic concepts, like: What's a gene? What's DNA? 
We spent hours and hours with our plaintiffs and experts, trying to come up with ways of explaining these concepts simply yet accurately. 
It might've taken a lot of hard work and effort to dig the gold out of the mountain; you still can't patent it, it's still gold. 
This was a really big deal, totally unexpected. 
But any remaining panic subsided as I walked into the courtroom and looked around at a sea of friendly faces: our individual women clients who had shared their deeply personal stories, the geneticists who had taken huge chunks of time out of their busy careers to dedicate themselves to this fight and representatives from a diverse array of medical, patient advocacy, environmental and religious organizations, who had submitted friend of the court briefs in the case. 
A few weeks after the court issued its decision, I received a small package in the mail. 
I opened it up to find a small stuffed animal. 
I had this mad teenage crush on an older man, and the older man in question just happened to be the then Vice President of the United States, Mr. Al Gore. 
Just like when I was smaller, I would use crayons and legos. 
That it's almost as far removed from everyday life as, say, nuclear physics. 
There's a lot of syntax and controls and data structures and algorithms and practices, protocols and paradigms in programming. 
And we as a community, we've made computers smaller and smaller. 
And every time I would run into a problem in trying to teach myself programming like, "What is object-oriented design or what is garbage collection?", I would try to imagine how a six-year-old little girl would explain the problem. 
Ruby taught me that you're not supposed to be afraid of the bugs under your bed. 
And she has friends like the green robots that are really friendly but super messy. 
Finally, the more approachable, the more inclusive, and the more diverse we make the world of technology, the more colorful and better the world will look like. 
So, imagine with me, for a moment, a world where the stories we tell about how things get made don't only include the twentysomething-year-old Silicon Valley boys, but also Kenyan schoolgirls and Norwegian librarians. 
Imagine a world where the little Ada Lovelaces of tomorrow, who live in a permanent reality of 1s and 0s, they grow up to be very optimistic and brave about technology. 
MW: We were really inspired by the efforts to say no to plastic bags in many other places, from Hawaii to Rwanda and to severals cities like Oakland and Dublin. 
And thanks to the attraction of Green School, we had access to a steady stream of celebrities. 
IW: But we have also learned much about patience, MW: how to deal with frustrations, IW: leadership, MW: teamwork, IW: friendship, MW: we learned more about the Balinese and their culture IW: and we learned about the importance of commitment. 
 MW: And you can probably imagine their faces. 
It took a lot of convincing, and not only to our parents but to our friends and to our teachers as well. 
He signed a promise to help the people of Bali say no to plastic bags. 
And indeed, recently he stated and committed that Bali will be plastic bag free by 2018. 
 IW: Also, at the International Airport of Bali, one of our supporters is planning to start a plastic bag-free policy by 2016. 
MW: Stop handing out free plastic bags and bring in your own reusable bag is our next message to change that mindset of the public. 
We check and recognize the shops and restaurants that have declared themselves a plastic bag-free zone, and we put this sticker at their entrance and publish their names on social media and some important magazines on Bali. 
MW: We still have a lot of work to do, but know that we still not stop until the first question asked when arriving at the Bali airports will be Both: "Welcome to Bali, do you have nay plastic bags to declare?" 
If you think of a dolphin swimming or a cat running or jumping around, or even us as humans, when you go jogging or play tennis, we do amazing things. 
And in fact, our nervous system solves a very, very complex control problem. 
A second difficulty is that locomotion is really due to a very complex and very dynamic interaction between these four components. 
So it's very hard to find out what's the role of each over time. 
And the big goal here is to take inspiration from animals to make robots that can handle complex terrain -- stairs, mountains, forests, places where robots still have difficulties and where animals can do a much better job. 
like lampreys, which are very primitive fish, and then gradually go toward more complex locomotion, like in salamanders, but also in cats and in humans, in mammals. 
Like, simulating the physics in water or with mud or with complex ground, it's very hard to simulate that properly on a computer. 
If you stimulate a bit more, the gait accelerates. 
And thanks to that, you really have an amazing machine to record all the bone motion in great detail. 
Our robot is much bigger than a small animal, so we had to do what's called dynamic scaling of the frequencies to make sure we had the same interaction physics. 
But you see at the end, we have a very close match, and we were very, very happy with this. 
And I think it's really beautiful how nature has distributed control to really give a lot of responsibility to the spinal cord so that the upper part of the brain doesn't need to worry about every muscle. 
So a simple geometrical system that kind of coordinates a bit the internal movement of the segments. 
It looks a bit like a toy, but it was really used as a scientific tool to investigate these properties of the legs of the cat. 
And you also see a bit these properties of these three segments of the leg as pantograph. 
Now, what's interesting is that this quite dynamic gait is obtained purely in open loop, meaning no sensors, no complex feedback loops. 
To the extent that we can even disturb a bit locomotion, as you will see in the next video, where we can for instance do some exercise where we have the robot go down a step, and the robot will not fall over, which was a surprise for us. 
This is a small perturbation. 
But what's important here is that just for small perturbation, the mechanics are right. 
Clearly, human locomotion is more complex than cat and salamander locomotion, but at the same time, the nervous system of humans is very similar to that of other vertebrates. 
AI: Yeah, we should probably change the appearance quite a bit, because here I guess a survivor might die of a heart attack just of being worried that this would feed on you. 
But by changing the appearance and it making it more robust, I'm sure we can make a good tool out of it. 
Well, studies show that even when we're really trying to pay attention to something -- like maybe this talk -- at some point, about half of us will drift off into a daydream, or have this urge to check our Twitter feed. 
What? Yeah, we said, "Go ahead and smoke, just be really curious about what it's like when you do." 
So if you don't smoke or stress eat, maybe the next time you feel this urge to check your email when you're bored, or you're trying to distract yourself from work, or maybe to compulsively respond to that text message when you're driving, see if you can tap into this natural capacity, just be curiously aware of what's happening in your body and mind in that moment. 
Of course there are other challenges -- health care, disease burdens and pandemics, environmental challenges and, of course, radicalized terrorism. 
If growth wanes, the risk to human progress and the risk of political and social instability rises, and societies become dimmer, coarser and smaller. 
This is really important because this type of capitalism has increasingly been afforded the critique that it is now fostering corruption and, worse still, it's increasing income inequality -- the idea that the few are benefiting at the expense of the many. 
Things like the corporate social responsibility programs, albeit small in scale, are moving in that right direction. 
There's a lot of work going on around happiness and other metrics being used for measuring people's success and improvements in living standards. 
And I think it's no accident that today the largest economy in the world, the United States, has democracy, liberal democracy, as it's core political stance and it has free market capitalism -- to the extent that it is free -- free market capitalism as its economic stance. 
I think those are the debates we should have, because it's not clear at all what model we should be adopting, and I think there needs to be much more discourse and much more humility about what we know and what we don't know. 
But in essence, it cannot be a situation where we start ascribing policies to the emerging markets without developed countries themselves also taking quite a swipe at what they're doing both in demand and supply in developed markets. 
And scientists have a lot of theories about why this is, but almost all of them involve nutrition, namely the increase of dairy and meat. 
And there are a lot of great, sustainable fishing initiatives across the planet working towards better practices and better-managed fisheries. 
Little did we expect that that would lead us to fish farming. 
Every single fishing vessel combined, small and large, across the globe, together produce about 65 million tons of wild-caught seafood for human consumption. 
But now this: Demand is going to go up. 
And now let's compare that with fish farming. 
There's been excessive use of chemicals, there's been virus and disease transfered to wild populations, ecosystem destruction and pollution, escaped fish breeding with wild populations, altering the overall genetic pool, and then of course, as just mentioned, the unsustainable feed ingredients. 
But the good news is that decades of development and research have led to a lot of new technologies and knowledge that allow us to do a lot better. 
I think of agriculture before the green revolution -- we are at aquaculture and the blue revolution. 
Insects are the -- well, first of all, the perfect recycling because they're grown on food waste; but second, think of fly-fishing, and you know how logical it actually is to use it as fish feed. 
I think of seaweed growing off the effluent of fish, for example. 
From alternatives to battle disease so we don't need antibiotics and chemicals anymore, to automated feeders that feel when the fish are hungry, so we can save on feed and create less pollution. 
And if we eat an animal, it needs to be one that had a happy and healthy life. 
The day will come where people will realize -- no, demand -- farmed fish on their plate that's farmed well and that's farmed healthy -- and refuse anything less. 
So every time you order, ask for detail and show that you really care about what you eat and what's been given to you. 
One of the very first questions asked me to check a box for my race: White, black, Asian, or Native American. 
In that case, I would answer with my social identity, and check the box for "black." 
Which racial identity I check has nothing to do with my genes. 
So I check "black," but I had no confidence in the results of a study that treated a critical variable so unscientifically. 
"I am happy that today, the only race we're talking about is the human race." 
It speculated that race stood in as a proxy for some unknown genetic factor that affects heart disease or response to drugs. 
In the end, the drug company's marketing scheme failed. 
Its focus on innate racial differences in disease diverts attention and resources from the social determinants that cause appalling racial gaps in health: lack of access to high-quality medical care; food deserts in poor neighborhoods; exposure to environmental toxins; high rates of incarceration; and experiencing the stress of racial discrimination. 
It's much easier and more lucrative to market a technological fix for these gaps in health than to deal with the structural inequities that produce them. 
Would you imagine with me, just a moment: What would happen if doctors stopped treating patients by race? 
I think many people think of the capital markets kind of like an ocean. 
Put in the wrong words like "promote social justice," and you might see your gold coins shrink or even vanish entirely, according to this fable. 
Right? Both of those started out as small, socially conscious companies that ended up becoming so popular with consumers that the giants Unilever and Clorox bought them for hundreds of millions of dollars each. 
If they didn't keep adding in those extra words of environmentally friendly and socially conscious, those brands wouldn't make more money. 
Now, let's be clear, they didn't make that outperformance by giving away money to seem like a nice corporate citizen. 
She was passionate about that goal and she was clear that she would let no army, no obstacle, no big institution stand in her way. 
Vote with your small change. 
 Trans people and trans issues, they've been getting a lot of mainstream media attention lately. 
They've been a problem for me since as far back as I can remember, first when I was just a little baby tomboy and then later as a masculine-appearing, predominantly estrogen-based organism. 
They drop out of school, or they opt out of life altogether. 
I wanted to tell her that me and her mom were going to march on down and talk to that school, and the problem was going to go away, but I knew that wasn't true. 
What about folks with bodies who, for whatever reason, don't fit into the mainstream idea of what a body should look like? 
How many of us still feel shy or afraid to disrobe in front of our peers, and how many of us allow that fear to keep us from something as important as physical exercise? 
The company that invented it did a lot of studies, submitted it to the FDA. 
If both "paroxetine" and "pravastatin" are present in the query, it goes up to 10 percent, a huge three- to four-fold increase in those searches with the two drugs that we were interested in, and diabetes-type words or hyperglycemia-type words. 
People would park their cars and get out of their cars and stare at it, and scratch their heads and stare at it, and take pictures of it and take pictures next to it, and all of that was really exciting to me and I wanted to do every stop sign pole in the neighborhood. 
So as I pursued my own goals with my art -- this is a lot of my recent work -- so was yarn bombing. 
A lot of people think that I am a master knitter but I actually couldn't knit a sweater to save my life. 
We are spewing 110 million tons of heat-trapping global warming pollution into it every 24 hours, free of charge, go ahead. 
And there are many sources of the greenhouse gases, I'm certainly not going to go through them all. 
Now it's a big planet, but --  that is a lot of energy, particularly when you multiply it 400,000 times per day. 
This is a depiction of what we used to think of as the normal distribution of temperatures. 
And you'll see in the lower right-hand corner the appearance of statistically significant numbers In the 90s, the curve shifted further. 
And more than half of the increase has been in the last 19 years. 
There's certainly been evidence of that, a lot of them. 
This is a crisis that's getting worse day by day. 
If you look at all of the carbon fuels that were burned since the beginning of the industrial revolution, this is the quantity burned in the last 16 years. 
Some countries -- take Germany, an industrial powerhouse with a climate not that different from Vancouver's, by the way -- one day last December, got 81 percent of all its energy from renewable resources, mainly solar and wind. 
A lot of countries are getting more than half on an average basis. 
More good news: energy storage, from batteries particularly, is now beginning to take off because the cost has been coming down very dramatically to solve the intermittency problem. 
Cheaper solar penetration rates are beginning to rise. 
And by the way, if you add the projections for nuclear on here, particularly if you assume that the work many are doing to try to break through to safer and more acceptable, more affordable forms of nuclear, this could change even more dramatically. 
So, it matters that a lot of people are organizing to insist on this change. 
But honestly, I have a lot of really good friends in the scientific community who are incredibly patient and who will sit there and explain this stuff to me over and over and over again until I can get it into simple enough language that I can understand it. 
 And when it crosses that line, then a lot of things really change. 
They were clearly not happy about the jitney juggernaut. 
And so they got to work and they went to cities across the country and got regulations put in place to slow down the growth of the jitney. 
And so back in San Francisco, where I live, the situation's much worse, in fact, much worse around the world. 
And so the beginning of Uber in 2010 was -- well, we just wanted to push a button and get a ride. 
But it just turned out that lots of people wanted to push a button and get a ride, and ultimately what we started to see was a lot of duplicate rides. 
We saw a lot of people pushing the same button at the same time going essentially to the same place. 
Could you have a cheaper ride cheap enough that people would be willing to share it? 
And the bright colors is where we have the most cars. 
And once we introduced uberPOOL, well, you see there's not as many bright colors. 
You can pick up anybody in the United States and take them wherever they want to go at a moment's notice, for 54 cents a mile or less. 
If by 1915 this thing was taking off, imagine without the regulations that happened, if that thing could just keep going. 
With the technology in our pockets today, and a little smart regulation, we can turn every car into a shared car, and we can reclaim our cities starting today. 
You only just talked about a small part of it here -- a powerful part -- the idea of turning cars into public transport like that, it's cool. 
You had this very radical, very bold, brave redesign. 
What we saw is a lot of people -- actually, at the beginning, we saw a lot more people opening the app because they were curious what they would find when they opened it. 
Some people feel you've almost taken that culture too far, and you know -- like a year or two ago there was a huge controversy where a lot of women got upset. 
And so there was a lot that we had to do to sort of -- We'd gone from a very small company -- I mean if you go literally two and a half years ago, our company was 400 people, and today it's 6,500. 
And so when you go through that growth, you have to sort of cement your cultural values and talk about them all of the time. 
And if you check those boxes, the next part of that is making sure you're telling your story. 
And I think we learned a lot of lessons but I think at the end of it we came out stronger. 
Some Uber drivers in New York and elsewhere are mad as hell now because you changed the fees and they can barely -- they claim -- barely afford the deal anymore. 
And we have cities where we've done literally five or six price cuts and have seen those price cuts go up over time. 
So even in New York -- We have a blog post we call "4 Septembers" -- compare the earnings September after September after September. 
And there's a perfect price point -- you can't go down forever. 
So that addresses that first part. 
And the way I like to describe it is it's kind of like a math professor. 
TK: Explain that again -- at which time? 
So I think there's a lot of good. 
I raised money from everyone I knew, including Indian aunties that were just so happy an Indian girl was running. 
In the 1980s, psychologist Carol Dweck looked at how bright fifth graders handled an assignment that was too difficult for them. 
She found that bright girls were quick to give up. 
in computing and tech, women are being left behind, and it means our economy is being left behind on all the innovation and problems women would solve if they were socialized to be brave instead of socialized to be perfect. 
When the guys are struggling with an assignment, they'll come in and they'll say, "Professor, there's something wrong with my code." 
The girls will come in and say, "Professor, there's something wrong with me." 
I can't tell you how many women tell me, "I'm afraid to raise my hand, I'm afraid to ask a question, because I don't want to be the only one who doesn't understand, the only one who is struggling. 
When we teach girls to be brave and we have a supportive network cheering them on, they will build incredible things, and I see this every day. 
Take, for instance, two of our high school students who built a game called Tampon Run -- yes, Tampon Run -- to fight against the menstruation taboo and sexism in gaming. 
We cannot wait for them to learn how to be brave like I did when I was 33 years old. 
And so I need each of you to tell every young woman you know -- your sister, your niece, your employee, your colleague -- to be comfortable with imperfection, because when we teach girls to be imperfect, and we help them leverage it, we will build a movement of young women who are brave and who will build a better world for themselves and for each and every one of us. 
Like our women, we men get to wear pretty bright colors, but unlike our women, we get to show off our legs. 
Bhutan is a small country in the Himalayas. 
My country is not one big monastery populated with happy monks. 
The reality is that we are a small, underdeveloped country doing our best to survive. 
But that's easier said than done, especially when you are one of the smallest economies in the world. 
So our economy is small, but here is where it gets interesting. 
All citizens are guaranteed free school education, and those that work hard are given free college education. 
Our economy is small, and we must strengthen it. 
We didn't ask for it, we didn't demand it, and we certainly didn't fight for it. 
And for a small, poor country, one that is landlocked and mountainous, it is very difficult. 
We will fight climate change. 
Governments were so busy arguing with one another and blaming each other for causing climate change, that when a small country raised our hands and announced, "We promise to remain carbon neutral for all time," nobody heard us. 
All countries, from the very small to the very large, committed to reduce the greenhouse gas emissions. 
We are providing free electricity to our rural farmers. 
The idea is that, with free electricity, they will no longer have to use firewood to cook their food. 
Now, what this means is that our animals are free to roam throughout our country. 
Over the next few years, our small economy won't have the resources to cover all the costs that are required to protect our environment. 
The idea is to raise a transition fund from individual donors, corporations and institutions, but the deal is closed only after predetermined conditions are met and all funds committed. 
Once the deal is closed, we use the transition fund to protect our parks, giving our government time to increase our own funding gradually until the end of the 15-year period. 
We expect to close later this year. 
They too have natural resources that can help win the world's fight for sustainability, only they may not have the ability to invest in them now. 
After all, we're here to dream together, to work together, to fight climate change together, to protect our planet together. 
 My third year of law school, I defended people accused of small street crimes, mostly mentally ill, mostly homeless, mostly drug-addicted, all in need of help. 
I would choose whether to leverage Christopher into a plea deal or take the case to trial, and ultimately, I would be in a position to ask for Christopher to go to jail. 
One night this past summer, I was at a small gathering of professional men of color from around the city. 
As I stood there stuffing free finger sandwiches into my mouth, as you do as public servant --  I noticed across the room, a young man waving and smiling at me and approaching me. 
When I saw him that first day in Roxbury Court, I didn't see a criminal standing there. 
I even helped a young man who was so afraid of the older gang kids showing up after school, that one morning instead of a lunchbox into his backpack, he put a loaded 9-millimeter. 
Well, one, we're spending a lot of money. 
Each one of you that raised your hand at the beginning of this talk is a living, breathing example of the power of opportunity, of intervention, of support and of love. 
You deserve it, your children deserve it, the people who are tied up in the system deserve it, but most of all, the people that we are sworn to protect and do justice for demand it. 
I bet a lot of you all must have heard about it. 
Parkinson's is a disease that causes degeneration of the nervous system, which means that this person who used to be independent suddenly finds tasks like drinking coffee, because of tremors, much more difficult. 
You can also target simple problems and create small solutions for them and eventually make a big impact. 
And a lot of ideas were tested and tried on him, but the one that finally worked was this one. Let's take a look. 
But why can't smart be something that's simple and yet effective? 
Let's find these complex problems. Don't be scared of them. 
Break them, boil them down into much smaller problems, and then find simple solutions for them. 
She couldn't wait to get out of her parents' house, to prove to them that she's an adult, and to prove to her new friends that she belongs. 
Meaning, there's a 99 percent chance that they'll get away with it. 
Now, I'm an infectious disease epidemiologist by training. 
We don't have to live in a world where 99 percent of rapists get away with it. 
No one knew if it was possible to do but he made sure a plan was put in place to do it if it was possible. 
We made progress in a lot of the areas like automated harvesting and efficient lighting. 
Economic development of landlocked countries is limited by lack of shipping infrastructure. 
But however cheap they would have been to make in volume it turned out that it was going to cost close to 200 million dollars to design and build the first one. 
Three and a half years ago, when we had these Lexus, retrofitted, self-driving cars in testing, they were doing so well, we gave them out to other Googlers to find out what they thought of the experience. 
So we hoped that using smart algorithms and wind data from around the world, we could maneuver the balloons a bit, getting them to go up and down just a tiny bit in the stratosphere to grab those winds going in those different directions and speeds. 
We busted a lot of balloons. 
Barely at first, but better all the time. 
We have bonused every single person on teams that ended their projects, from teams as small as two to teams of more than 30. 
Now, as I put this HoloLens on, let me explain the setup a little bit. 
It's probably the most risky demo we have ever done on any stage with HoloLens, and I can't think of a better place to do it than here at TED. 
Now when we compare this to our physical universe, it is overly constraining, because our universe is not digital. 
Think of it this way: let's all go home tonight and watch our favorite show on television. 
Secondly, as a machine, I could place digital information, or output information, into reality. 
Now, imagine being able to feel the temperature of a virtual object, or better yet, imagine pushing a hologram and having it push you back with equal force. 
Now, imagine having granular control over everything in the world. 
Now, imagine dialing your entire environment between virtual and real worlds. 
Now, imagine if I could look at all of you and dial from real humans into elves. 
Now imagine how our children and their children will experience the continued exploration of space We already live in a world where real-time universal translators exist. 
In fact, since we've been lucky with our demo so far, let's try doing something else even more crazy. 
We are all beginning to build technology that will enable us to return to the humanity that brought us where we are today -- technology that will let us stop living inside this 2D world of monitors and pixels, and let us start remembering what it feels like to live in our 3D world. 
 Helen Walters: Thanks so much. I have some questions. 
HW: So you spent -- Jeff, I'll get to you in a minute -- so you spent a lot of time mapping the stage -- AK: That's right. 
HW: So help me out here: if I buy a HoloLens and have it at home, I don't need to map my apartment, right? 
Tell me more about the fact that, with holograms, you have sight but you don't have touch, you don't have smell. 
JN: Thanks for the question. 
HW: Amazing. OK, Jeff, please go away. Thank you very much. 
that comes with no money and no transport but leaves drunk, happy and rich] But most importantly, people were using the hashtag to connect. 
And I was really thrilled, mainly because I realized that Pan-Africanism could work, that we had before us, between us, at our fingertips a platform that just needed a small spark to light in us a hunger for each other. 
It's a very, very small country, also in southern Africa. 
On paper, these countries seem very different. 
But I think that my interest in ideas of identity was born here, in the strange intersection of belonging to two places at once but not really belonging to either one very well and belonging to this vast space in between and around simultaneously. 
When I began to read, I gravitated towards the works of black intellectuals like Steve Biko and Frantz Fanon, who tackled complex ideas like decolonization and black consciousness. 
And this was done to convince them that they were much better off under crushing white rule than they were living in a black and free nation. 
My mother is a cinnamon-skin daughter of a native Brazilian, with a pinch of hazel and honey, and a man [who is] a mix of coffee with milk, but with a lot of coffee. 
Because in the end, with this color and this hair, I cannot belong to some places. 
Years later I married a Spaniard. 
Then I choose an 11-pixel square from the nose, paint the background, and look for the corresponding color in the industrial palette, Pantone. 
I started with my family and friends, then more and more people joined the adventure, thanks to public calls coming through the social media. 
  Linus Torvalds: It really doesn't look like much. 
Tell us how you got to understand open source and how it lead to the development of Linux. 
When a photographer shows up, I dress up, so I have clothes on. 
At that point it was source that was open, but there was no intention behind using the kind of open-source methodology that we think of today to improve it. 
At the University of Helsinki, I had a friend who was one of the open source -- it was called mainly "free software" back then -- and he actually introduced me to the notion that, hey, you can use these open-source licenses that had been around. 
Going from 100 people to a million people is not a big deal -- to me. 
Well, I mean, maybe it is if you're --  If you want to sell your result then it's a huge deal -- don't get me wrong. 
When you grow from having 10 people or 100 people working on a project to having 10,000 people, which -- I mean, right now we're in the situation where just on the kernel, we have 1,000 people involved in every single release and that's every two months, roughly two or three months. 
There's a lot of people who make small, small changes. 
And we went through a lot of pain. 
How would you describe what happened? 
shall we say, "myopic" when it comes to other people's feelings, and that sometimes makes you say things that hurt other people. 
And then when I try to explain to them that maybe you're nice, maybe you should be more aggressive, they see that as me being not nice. 
And coming back to the point where I said earlier that I was afraid of commercial people taking advantage of your work, it turned out, and very quickly turned out, that those commercial people were lovely, lovely people. 
You need to have the people-people, the communicators, the warm and friendly people who like --  really want to hug you and get you into the community. 
I sent you this stupid example that is not relevant because it's too small. 
CA: You're a very smart computer coder, and you're hellish stubborn. 
Because if you actually compare the two, Tesla has kind of this mind grab these days, but who actually changed the world? 
Edison may not have been a nice person, he did a lot of things -- he was maybe not so intellectual, not so visionary. 
So there's a lot of things going on that make me a very happy man and thinking I did the right choices. 
However, there was a lot of skepticism around this. 
There is a huge complex of dips in the light curve that appear, and they last for like a hundred days, all the way up into the Kepler mission's end. 
And so at this point, we set out to learn everything we could about the star to see if we could find any clues to what was going on. 
Now, you may be wondering, OK, Tabby, well, how do aliens actually explain this light curve? 
OK, well, imagine a civilization that's much more advanced than our own. 
It's really hard to provide perspective on the vastness of these things, but you can think of it this way. 
And now imagine one of these structures in motion around a star. 
You see, anything that uses a lot of energy is going to produce heat, and we don't observe this. 
And I'm happy to say that once again, citizen scientists have come in and saved the day. 
He's a nuclear physicist in the UK who took a five-year career break to be home with his five children. 
Tracy was doing what so many of us do when we feel like we've put in a good day in the job search. 
The first thing I told Tracy was she had to get out of the house. 
I also told her, "You are going to have a lot of conversations that don't go anywhere. 
Expect that, and don't be discouraged by it. 
There will be a handful that ultimately lead to a job opportunity." 
So for example, you might think of yourself as someone who looks like this. 
So I was afraid I'd go into an interview and start talking about a company that didn't exist anymore. 
It actually wasn't that hard. A lot of the commands are the same. 
I tell relaunchers that employers expect them to come to the table with a working knowledge of basic office management software. 
Well, she ended up blowing away all of their expectations, and the company not only made her a permanent offer at the beginning of 2012, but they made it even more interesting and challenging, because they knew what Tracy could handle. 
But in the meantime, if you are returning to work after a career break, don't hesitate to suggest an internship or an internship-like arrangement to an employer that does not have a formal reentry internship program. 
The difference today, to pick a completely politically neutral term -- [Intelligent design]  We're beginning to practice intelligent design. 
And that scares a lot of people. 
Because she had a deadly mitochondrial disease that she might have inherited. 
But you also are doing germline engineering, which means her kids, if she has kids, will be saved and won't go through this. 
It is normal and natural for humans to be felled by massive epidemics of polio, of smallpox, of tuberculosis. 
So let me explain these things. 
So as you're thinking of lifecode, let's think of five principles as to how we start guiding, and I'd love you to give me more. 
Diversity is not a bad thing, because even though we think of humans as very diverse, we came so close to extinction that all of us descend from a single African mother and the consequence of that is there's more genetic diversity in 55 African chimpanzees than there are in seven billion humans. 
To find out, I've been studying people that I come to call "originals." 
There's a sweet spot where originals seem to live. 
To find out, we designed some experiments. 
And along the way I discovered that a lot of great originals in history were procrastinators. 
When they were dragging their heels for six months, I looked at them and said, "You know, a lot of other companies are starting to sell glasses online." 
 Now, on the surface, a lot of original people look confident, but behind the scenes, they feel the same fear and doubt that the rest of us do. 
 No, it's about being the kind of person who takes the initiative to doubt the default and look for a better option. 
They're afraid of failing, but what sets them apart from the rest of us is that they're even more afraid of failing to try. 
Elon Musk told me recently, he didn't expect Tesla to succeed. 
A lot of people think they will. 
They were afraid of embarrassing themselves, of looking stupid. 
Even the three icons of classical music -- Bach, Beethoven, Mozart -- had to generate hundreds and hundreds of compositions to come up with a much smaller number of masterpieces. 
Know that being quick to start but slow to finish can boost your creativity, that you can motivate yourself by doubting your ideas and embracing the fear of failing to try, and that you need a lot of bad ideas in order to get a few good ones. 
Think of the planet like a human body that we inhabit. 
It tells us that landlocked countries are condemned to be poor, that small countries cannot escape their larger neighbors, that vast distances are insurmountable. 
The global connectivity revolution, in all of its forms -- transportation, energy and communications -- has enabled such a quantum leap in the mobility of people, of goods, of resources, of knowledge, such that we can no longer even think of geography as distinct from it. 
So imagine if our global diplomatic institutions, such as the G20, were to base their membership on economic size rather than national representation. 
Now, it may not seem like connectivity is what we want right now towards the world's most turbulent region. 
After all, this is where World War III is supposed to break out. 
Ladies and gentlemen, I cannot guarantee that World War III will not break out. 
Now, some people's immediate reaction to this idea is that it's either a bit utopian or even threatening. 
Now, I only later came to understand that the poverty I'd seen in the Philippines was the result of decisions made or not made, man-made, by a succession of colonial powers and corrupt governments who had anything but the interests of Sonny Boy at heart. 
We had this dream of staging this small concert around the time of the G20 with local Aussie artists, and it suddenly exploded one day when we got a phone call from Bono, the Edge and Pearl Jam, who all agreed to headline our concert. 
We could only think of one way. 
But there was a twist: you couldn't buy a ticket. 
That's when she got active on social media and started to collect pennies -- a lot of pennies. 
How will that achieve anything? 
I said, "Minister -- Australia has this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to help achieve the Millennium Development Goals. 
Well, you can imagine the faces of my press team who were horrified at this crazy Costa Rican woman who was their new boss. 
And believe you me, there has been a lot of contrary evidence. 
We began to see that clean technologies, in particular renewable energy technologies, began to drop price and increase in capacity, to the point where today we are already building concentrated solar power plants that have the capacity to power entire cities, to say nothing of the fact of what we are doing on mobility and intelligent buildings. 
I have to tell you I had the CEO of a major, major oil and gas company come to me at the beginning of last year and say -- privately, of course -- he did not know how he was going to change his company, but he is going to change it, because he's interested in long-term viability. 
A very small handful of countries who had undertaken very reduced, short-term emission reduction commitments that were completely insufficient and furthermore, largely perceived as a burden. 
And once he had finally decided what he was going to buy, the jeweler said to him, "You know, you're very lucky that you're buying this now, because these pearls could go extinct very soon because of climate change." 
I'm the first one to recognize that we have a lot of work still to do. 
And as I look forward to other global issues that will require our attention this century -- food security, water security, home security, forced migration -- I see that we certainly do not know how we are going to solve those problems yet. 
I grew up in a small town called Garhwa, in Jharkhand, where even buying a sanitary napkin is considered shameful. 
Can you imagine what this does to the self-esteem and self-confidence of a young girl? 
We fell in love with each other and I was at ease discussing periods with him. 
To study -- to understand the problem better, I undertook a year-long research to study the lack of awareness about menstruation and the root cause behind it. 
During my research, I was collecting a lot of stories. 
And I would --  And I would like to end this with a small request to all the parents here. 
So please be period positive. 
Now let me break down this formula. 
It wasn't until the turn of the 19th century that our blinders were removed, first, with the publication of James Hutton's "Theory of the Earth," in which he told us that the Earth reveals no vestige of a beginning and no prospect of an end; and then, with the printing of William Smith's map of Britain, the first country-scale geological map, predictive insight into where certain types of rocks might occur. 
After that, you could say things like, "If we go over there, we should be in the Jurassic," or, "If we go up over that hill, we should find the Cretaceous." 
And after three more hard, really brutal field seasons, the quarry came to look like this. 
Dreadnoughtus could stand in one place and with that neck clear out a huge envelope of vegetation, taking in tens of thousands of calories while expending very few. 
And standing there, alone in the desert, it was not lost on me that the chance of any one individual entering the fossil record is vanishingly small. 
Thus, multitudinous creatures living and dying on an old planet leave behind immense numbers of fossils, each one a small miracle, but collectively, inevitable. 
The stream next to it runs a few hundred yards and ends in a small pond. 
Now go down to the mouth of the Missouri, near St. Louis, and it's pretty obvious that that river is a big deal. 
But go up into the Bitterroots and look at the Missouri, and human prospection does not allow us to see it as anything special. 
It helps us understand the creditworthiness of people like Jenipher, a small-business owner in Nairobi, Kenya. 
And even then, the loan sizes would be way too small to really have an impact on her business, averaging around 150 dollars. 
And because Jenipher doesn't have collateral or a credit history, she can't walk into a bank and ask for a business loan. 
And the data shows a six percent increase in repayment We could also see that she communicated a lot with many different people throughout the day and that she had a strong support network. 
In Jenipher's case, she communicated with 89 different individuals, which showed a nine percent increase in her repayment. 
By looking beyond income, we can see that people in emerging markets that may seem risky and unpredictable on the surface are actually willing and have the capacity to repay. 
She's applying for a small-business loan from a commercial bank, because she now has the credit history to prove she deserves it. 
And people will tell me that 100 years ago, folks like me didn't exist, that it was impossible, that art made with data is a new thing, it's a product of our age, to think of as something that's very "now." 
What she did is very simple to explain and describe, but very hard to do. 
And if you look at this painting, there's a lot of symbolism, right? 
Ronald Reagan spent a lot of time talking about deficits. 
Bill Clinton spent a lot of time talking about the century in which he would no longer be president, but maybe his wife would be. 
And Richard Nixon, or more accurately, his speechwriter, a guy named William Safire, spent a lot of time thinking about language and making sure that his boss portrayed a rhetoric of honesty. 
 This is a portrait. And there's a lot of these. 
There's a lot of ways to do this with data. 
We literally count people, find out who lives where, what kind of jobs we've got, the language we speak at home. 
And I started looking for a corpus of data that had a lot of descriptions written by ordinary Americans. 
If you look at these things topographically, if you imagine dark colors to light colors are more use of the word, you can see that Appalachia is a pretty lonely place. 
If you go upstate, you see "dinosaur." 
You can think of this as a quantified selfie. 
You have to imagine everybody I've ever corresponded with. 
A 3D printer needs three elements: a bit of information, some raw material, some energy, and it can produce any object that was not there before. 
My mom takes three elements: a bit of information, which is between my father and my mom in this case, raw elements and energy in the same media, that is food, and after several months, produces me. 
Well, I was studying physics at the beginning and I took this approximation of a human as a gigantic Lego piece. 
So, imagine that the building blocks are little atoms and there is a hydrogen here, a carbon here, a nitrogen here. 
 But nature, fortunately, is much smarter than a young physicist, and in four billion years, managed to pack this information in a small crystal we call DNA. 
So I was thinking how I could explain myself better about how big and enormous this code is. 
 Not the man in the flesh, but for the first time in history, this is the genome of a specific human, printed page-by-page, letter-by-letter: 262,000 pages of information, 450 kilograms, shipped from the United States to Canada thanks to Bruno Bowden, Lulu.com, a start-up, did everything. 
On the other side, we collected the biggest database of human beings: phenotypes, 3D scan, NMR -- everything you can think of. 
Please search for the differences, which are many. 
A little smaller face, we didn't get the complete cranial structure, but still, it's in the ballpark. 
And it's particular -- that ethnicity is a complex corner case for our model. 
It's our free will, it's how I look. 
We do it because the same technology and the same approach, the machine learning of this code, is helping us to understand how we work, how your body works, how your body ages, how disease generates in your body, how your cancer grows and develops, how drugs work and if they work on your body. 
We must start to think of the future we're building as a humanity. 
And the bolder the dream, the greater the design feat that will be required to achieve it. 
This has been the case throughout history, all the way back to the year 300 BC, when a 13-year-old became the king of a remote, very poor and very small Asian country. 
And yet he used design unknowingly and instinctively but with tremendous ingenuity to achieve his ends. 
And like many pirates of that era, he flew a flag that bore the macabre symbols of a human skull and a pair of crossed bones, because those motifs had signified death in so many cultures for centuries, that their meaning was instantly recognizable, even in the lawless, illiterate world of the high seas: surrender or you'll suffer. 
There are a couple options, but plan A was basically to breed up a bunch of the new genetically-engineered mosquitos release them into the wild and hope that they pass on their genes. 
The problem was that you'd have to release literally 10 times the number of native mosquitos to work. 
So in a village with 10,000 mosquitos, you release an extra 100,000. 
As a test, they engineered two mosquitos to carry the anti-malaria gene and also this new tool, a gene drive, which I'll explain in a minute. 
This is the surprising part: given that you started with just two red-eyed mosquitos and 30 white-eyed ones, you expect mostly white-eyed descendants. 
That's basically gone now, thanks to CRISPR. 
All you have to do is release a gene drive that makes the fish produce only male offspring. 
Gene drives are so effective that even an accidental release could change an entire species, and often very quickly. 
is practical only if that species has a fast reproductive cycle, like insects or maybe small vertebrates like mice or fish. 
So if you don't like the effects of a change, you can just release a second drive that will cancel it out, at least in theory. 
But I would say this: first, some very smart people are even now debating how to regulate gene drives. 
At the same time, some other very smart people are working hard to create safeguards, like gene drives that self-regulate or peter out after a few generations. 
Who decides whether to release a gene drive that can fly? 
And there were a lot of tents. 
 "Go buy everybody Popsicles." 
You know, instead of going up to the person everybody wants to meet, go up to the person who is all alone and ask them if they want to grab a cup of coffee. 
You might say the future is small. 
Now as engineers, we think of this as straight-up miniaturization. 
But what I told you before about computers was that they transformed our lives when they became small enough for us to take them everywhere. 
Well, what if you had a detector that was so small that it could circulate in your body, find the tumor all by itself and send a signal to the outside world? 
Nanotechnology allows us to shrink the parts that make up the detector from the width of a human hair, which is 100 microns, to a thousand times smaller, which is 100 nanometers. 
It's wild! Can you imagine an object like that in the macro world? 
So in this image, the smaller, hundred-nanometer, blue nanoparticles are leaking out, and the larger, 500-nanometer, red nanoparticles are stuck in the bloodstream. 
So that means as an engineer, depending on how big or small I make a material, I can change where it goes in your body. 
In my lab, we recently made a cancer nanodetector that is so small that it could travel into the body and look for tumors. 
For a tumor to break out of the tissue that it's born in, it has to make chemicals called enzymes to chew through the scaffolding of tissues. 
So in this image, what you can see is that everything smaller than five nanometers is going from the blood, through the kidney, into the urine, and everything else that's bigger is retained. 
OK, so if I make a 100-nanometer cancer detector, I inject it in the bloodstream, it can leak into the tumor where it's activated by tumor enzymes to release a small signal that is small enough to be filtered out of the kidney and put into the urine, I have a signal in the outside world that I can detect. 
I imagine that this could even happen without the need for steady electricity, or a medical professional in the room. 
And I hope that what this means is that one day we can detect tumors in patients sooner than 10 years after they've started growing, in all walks of life, all around the globe, and that this would lead to earlier treatments, and that we could save more lives than we can today, with early detection. 
I've drawn a semicircle in the sand in front of me so I don't walk past it and look like I'm floating in midair. 
You may be happy to know that your research will pay off. 
Just yesterday, I was reading about how you can take out a boat on Europa and sail from island to island all over the planet, and some of the islands have villages that you can stay and visit and sleep under the shadow of Jupiter. 
I can see the cities on it with my naked eye. 
It was like we were both heroes climbing up into a mountain range together and we kept arriving at new vistas, and these new, perfect constellations of words would come out of us to describe them. 
When I realized I'd done it, I ran to her room, so happy to tell her I'd done it, moving through space almost normally to all eyes, even to my own, and went to lie down next to her, and forgot, and fell right through her. 
And when death comes, the dying still pick at their bedsheets, and their arms break out in blue and violet blooms on the insides, and their breaths get further and further apart, like they're falling asleep. 
And death is just a problem we haven't discovered the solution to yet. 
This is the next generation of young, bright scientists. 
We basically set out to create a fully simulated, one-to-one, virtual reality laboratory simulator, where the students could perform experiments with mathematical equations that would simulate what would happen in a real-world lab. 
And what I love the most about this is really when the students come up to me sometimes afterwards, all surprised and a little confused, and say, "I just spent two hours in this virtual lab, and ... and I didn't check Facebook." 
And what they found was a surprisingly high 76 percent increase in the learning effectiveness when using virtual laboratories over traditional teaching methods. 
And what they found was that when you combined the virtual laboratories with teacher-led coaching and mentoring, then we saw a total 101 percent increase in the learning effectiveness, which effectively doubles the science teacher's impact with the same amount of time spent. 
I will explain briefly what this is. 
I can, for instance, pick up the pipette and do experiments with it. 
Now, imagine if we could bring Ivy League, million-dollar virtual laboratories out to all these students just like Jack, all over the world, and give them the latest, greatest, most fancy machines you can imagine that would quite literally make any scientist in here jump up and down out of pure excitement. 
And then imagine how that would empower and inspire a whole new generation of young and bright scientists, ready to innovate and change the world. 
If you did, could you please raise your hand? 
KL: OK, if you think child number one is lying, please raise your hand. 
And let's find out how these adults performed. 
 What about judges, customs officers and police officers, who deal with liars on a daily basis? 
However, behind this neutral expression, the child is actually experiencing a lot of emotions, such as fear, guilt, shame and maybe a little bit of liar's delight. 
Unfortunately, such emotion-related facial blood flow changes are too subtle to detect by our naked eye. 
And using this technology, I can not only find out what's going on in their lives but also simultaneously monitor their heart rate, their stress level, their mood and whether or not they are experiencing pain. 
We can also use this in marketing research, for example, to find out whether or not people like certain consumer products. 
In the years that have passed, I've had a lot of time to think. 
I've given a lot of thought to consent and the nature of work under capitalism. 
In this talk, I'll take you through the four main legal approaches applied to sex work throughout the world, and explain why they don't work; why prohibiting the sex industry actually exacerbates every harm that sex workers are vulnerable to. 
Sex workers working in these places are forced to make a tough choice between risking arrest or having risky sex. 
He felt confident he'd get away with it. 
She was stabbed to death in the early hours of October 29, 2013. 
She had been working later than usual to try to pay off a fine she had received for soliciting. 
So if criminalizing sex workers hurts them, why not just criminalize the people who buy sex? 
I might have no other choice but to accept a booking from a man who is untraceable if he later turns out to be violent. 
Fear of law enforcement makes them work alone in isolated locations, and allows clients and even cops to get abusive in the knowledge they'll get away with it. 
And yes, it can often be the case that these people smugglers demand exorbitant fees, coerce migrants into work they don't want to do and abuse them when they're vulnerable. 
New Zealand hasn't actually seen an increase in the amount of people doing sex work, but decriminalizing it has made it a lot safer. 
It's a place where we go to get away from the stress of the grind of work and sometimes home life. 
There's a lot of talk about high blood pressure in the barbershop. 
More black men die from high blood pressure than from anything else, even though decades of medical wisdom and science have demonstrated that death from high blood pressure can be prevented So why is high blood pressure so differentially deadly for black men? 
I've been lucky enough to have Denny as my barber for the last eight years. 
This was stunning to me, at first, but not so much when you think about it. 
Part of this tailored care involved having a barber on the premises to reward the men who came for needed healthcare with a free haircut, to let the men know that we, too, valued how they looked as well as how they felt, and that what was important to them was also important to us. 
These barber-doctor partnerships resulted in a 20 percent increase in the number of men who were able to achieve target blood pressure levels and a three-point drop, on average, in the blood pressure of each participant. 
With an incredible team of diverse research assistants, community health workers and volunteers, we've been able to partner with over 200 barbershops and other trusted community venues to reach over 7,000 older black men. 
You buy the Declaration of Independence and give it back to the people. 
A year later I asked my mother if I could have them, because I'd like to keep them all the years of my life ... 
it took a lot of years to look back at it and feel it was a benefit. 
 But not funny, this was a horse's -- another horse's ass -- who was very vocal about hating the New Deal and Roosevelt and Jews. 
And he meant a great deal to me. 
 And I would run down the stairs every now and then and pick up the mail. 
And I'd pick up a little white envelope reading, "Shya C. called at this address." 
The truth is he would write an occasional letter, and I did pick up those little envelopes. 
He saw George Jefferson write a check on "The Jeffersons," and he never knew that a black man could write a check. 
And I understand what you're saying -- EH: It's an articulate deflection -- NL: But you have to really buy into the size and scope of the creator's enterprise, here. 
If we just had European paintings, if we just had modern art, I think it gets a bit boring. 
And one of my favorite exhibitions, which actually is the idea of my talk, is -- I didn't expect to become a fan of Japanese dolls. 
But I am, thanks to this exhibition, that has really taught me about the craftsmanship behind the soul of a Japanese doll. 
But imagine this accessibility for a kid in Bombay who's studying architecture, who hasn't had a chance to go to The Guggenheim as yet. 
There's a lot of information here. 
What might that look like? 
This is what we deal with on a daily basis at the Cultural Institute -- over six million cultural artifacts curated and given to us by institutions, to actually make these connections. 
You can spend a lot of time, trust me, looking at different objects and understanding where they come from. 
And the first thing my mom asks me is, "How can we buy these?" 
But thanks to the diversity, we've got around 500 amazing Rembrandt object artworks from 46 institutions and 17 countries. 
That is your itinerary, you will probably travel 53,000 kilometers, visit around, I think, 46 institutions, and just FYI, you might release 10 tons of CO2 emissions. 
And by the way, if we're nice, maybe, Cyril, you can smile and find a happy one? 
You would expect to see that the machine has put images of horses, right? 
If we actually look at all the objects that have been tagged under "happiness," you would expect happiness, I guess. 
So take out your phones, take out your computers, go visit museums. 
Most Westerners think of Greco-Roman zodiac, the signs divided into 12 months. 
We even refer to the zodiac when entering into romantic relations. 
 If you are a Goat, please don't feel bad. 
They don't look like losers to me. 
Maybe they are the lucky ones. 
Our ancestors were very busy surviving poverty, drought, famine, riot, disease and civil war. 
And finally, Chinese people have the time, wealth and technology to create an ideal life they've always wanted. 
The collective decision made by 1.3 billion people has caused the fluctuation in economics and demand on everything, from health care and education to property and consumer goods. 
When we think of government systems, we tend to think that they're archaic, set in their ways, and perhaps, the leadership is just too bureaucratic to be able to change things. 
These are things that you and I would expect an 8-year-old to be able to do. 
By the time kids are 13 or 14, they tend to drop out of schools. 
In India, public schools not only offer free education -- they offer free textbooks, free workbooks, free meals, sometimes even cash scholarships. 
Let me describe Haryana a little bit to you. 
As my colleagues and I looked across the country and across the world, we couldn't find another example that we could just pick up and replicate in Haryana. 
So with a lot of push and pull and debate, Haryana set itself a goal which said: by 2020, we want 80 percent of our children to be at grade-level knowledge. 
Before we went into schools, a lot of people told us that education quality is poor because either the teachers are lazy, they don't come into schools, or they're incapable, they actually don't know how to teach. 
And we found these beautiful, small pilot experiments all over the country and all over the world. 
But now imagine that the head of this NGO goes to the head of the School Education Department and says, "Hey, now let's do this for 15,000 schools." 
So right at the beginning of the project, what we said was, "Whatever we have to do has to be scalable, it has to work in all 15,000 schools." 
We spent a lot of long hours in office, in cafés, sometimes even in bars, scratching out heads and saying, "Where are the solutions, how are we going to solve this problem?" 
In the end, I think we did find solutions to many of the issues. 
We couldn't think of anything. 
One day, one of our team members went to a school and saw a teacher pick up sticks and stones from the garden outside and take them into the classroom and give them to the students. 
They would hope that in each of these district offices, an officer would get the letter, would open it, read it and then forward it to the next level, which was the block offices. 
And then you would hope that at the block office, somebody else got the letter, opened it, read it and forwarded it eventually to the 15,000 principals. 
These are still early signs, there's a long way to go, but this gives us a lot of hope for the future. 
We found if you move the camera at a constant speed in a straight line, you can actually get away with it, though. 
For most of human history, we lived in small family units. 
What's the countdown look like? I can't see. 
Please bring peace to the many who have lost loved ones. 
 That was a cheap way of getting you to do a standing ovation. 
A lot of people got them that were not the intended recipients on the mailing label. 
So let me explain why this is so. 
One of the most influential approaches in personality science is known as trait psychology, and it aligns you along five dimensions which are normally distributed, and that describe universally held aspects of difference between people. 
And so we know that, for example, openness and conscientiousness are very good predictors of life success, but the open people achieve that success through being audacious and, occasionally, odd. 
The conscientious people achieve it through sticking to deadlines, to persevering, as well as having some passion. 
Let me deal in a bit more detail with extroversion, because it's consequential and it's intriguing, and it helps us understand what I call our three natures. 
Introverts do not do as well, particularly if the tasks they're engaged in -- and they've had some coffee -- if those tasks are speeded, and if they're quantitative, introverts may give the appearance of not being particularly quantitative. 
So here are the consequences that are really quite intriguing: we're not always what seem to be, and that takes me to my next point. 
Frankly, speaking as an introverted male, which I will explain later -- they are heroic. 
They not only handle all the male extroverts, they pick up a few introverts as well. 
They like to have a lot of eye contact, or mutual gaze. 
Introverts prefer -- and I must again tell you that I am as extreme an introvert as you could possibly imagine -- we speak differently. 
I overload so much, I can't even have a cup of coffee after three in the afternoon and expect to sleep in the evening. 
These are free traits. 
You're very agreeable, but you act disagreeably in order to break down those barriers of administrative torpor in the hospital, to get something for your mom or your child. 
What are these free traits? 
And we enact those free traits. 
At Free America, we've done a listening and learning tour. 
We've met a lot of people. 
I live in a world where most people are too afraid to go. 
Better yet, imagine a world where healed people helped hurt people heal and become strong. 
And so I treated my first steps as if they were my last mile, and I realized that you don't have to be free in order to experience freedom. 
As for me, I choose to be free from the prisons I've created. 
None but ourselves can free our minds. 
None but ourselves can free our minds. 
It can spread over acres and acres of area, or it could fit in a small space -- as small as your house garden. 
It attracts a lot of biodiversity. 
It doesn't matter how big or small they are. 
If the soil is made up of small particles it becomes compact -- so compact, that water cannot seep in. 
If we are making a fruit forest, we increase the percentage of fruit-bearing trees. 
It could be a flowering forest, a forest that attracts a lot of birds or bees, or it could simply be a native, wild evergreen forest. 
We make sure that trees belonging to the same layer are not planted next to each other, or they will fight for the same vertical space when they grow tall. 
