they should improve their health care and educational organizations .
support of the european space agency for satellite tracking and control .
( b ) asia - pacific multilateral cooperation on space technology and applications .
the exposed facility is designed to be connected to the pressurized module .
japan decided to participate in the international space station programme by developing jem .
applications of space techniques to prevent and combat natural disasters were organized in cooperation .
in some cases the records date from 1972 and digital archives are maintained .
congress can start investigations on any subject of public interest .
nasa has close cooperation with other government agencies in research .
this data will correct current models that over - predict atmospheric moisture .
global warming has been an atmospheric and environmental concern in recent years .
the facility is being used by international scientists to conduct experiments .
the spread of electronic telecommunications had surpassed the expectations of many experts .
this independent public entity carries out the family planning programme .
jamaica has not yet established a national space programme .
scientists will be able to use the results in their environmental research .
the preparation of precise topographic maps from sar images is possible .
the participants were educators from african , asian and latin american institutions .
the military and arbitral jurisdictions are recognized as independent jurisdictions .
the agency will release the preliminary safety analysis report in late 1994 .
local decision - making bodies were often the target of terrorist attacks .
ensuring compliance with the rules relating to political organizations .
anxiety and depression , adaptative difficulties and personality disorders are common .
a growing trend towards infections of women and children has been observed .
members of the lima provincial council are elected by municipal administration and by sex .
these differences have created groups that are marginalized and ignored .
summary of united nations training courses , workshops , conferences and so forth .
another satellite data application was the delta remote sensing project in arizona .
in 1996 , the activities of three canadian astronauts will be important .
both balloons for in situ measurements and remote sensing instruments were used .
since 1986 this programme has been officially incorporated in the national budget .
this database is periodically updated by esa and distributed to registered users .
elimination of ozone - depleting substances in booster manufacturing continued .
a growing number of preparations are being conducted on a regional basis .
there are space activities and projects of the ministry of transport and communications .
the telecommunications satellite corporation of japan was re - designated as tao in 1992 .
the private sector ' s involvement in such meetings should be increased .
together , they will constitute a space laboratory that can conduct experiments in extensive areas .
the role of the international decade for natural disaster reduction .
the publications that included saao authors exceeded those of previous years .
existing satellite capacity can be leased for this purpose .
the pressurized module will provide an environment of one atmospheric pressure .
the participants will report to the appropriate authorities in their own countries .
participants were expected to report to the relevant authorities in their countries .
broadcasting directly to these receivers must be done by terrestrial means .
the workshop was held in cooperation with the government of zimbabwe .
japan has exchanged information and opinions with a lot of countries .
remote sensing activities conducted in fiscal year 1995 are reviewed below .
better access to internet services should be available in developing countries .
it has interests in remote sensing and satellite tracking services .
this operation requires information at regular intervals at a national level .
small satellites are likely to offer new opportunities for procurement methods .
there are research and development satellites for communications and broadcasting technology .
interpretation of european remote sensing satellite data for applications .
the results of their mu radar observations provide similar information .
the united nations invited developing countries to participate in the workshop .
there was no doubt that rural telecommunications could be profitable .
research and development will be continued to overcome the problems involved .
regular communications and position reporting is very desirable .
thailand wants to achieve coordination and cooperation through the project .
there is a convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women .
remote sensing technologies have been developed mainly in developed countries .
legal and institutional framework for the implementation of the convention .
a representative from each of the developing countries gave outlines of their national programme .
inmarsat terminals coupled with appropriate sensors provide supervisory control and data acquisition .
the united nations invited developing countries to nominate candidates to participate in the symposium .
however , it is also the media who need accurate and timely information .
the impact of disasters on sustainable development has been shown to be very severe .
contributions to the understanding of the galaxy have been based on infrared observations .
networks and consortia have been formed in the interests of coordination .
the data would be sent to each local user station in the world .
the receiving station stores data in the digital tape archives .
the experience gained could be useful in designing better systems in the future .
in many ways , projects involving small satellites are ideal for extensive international cooperation .
commission of the european communities , the european space agency and the government of austria .
the trmm programme is being promoted by japan and the united states .
there are many different methods of broadcasting information to the area affected by a disaster .
some participants anticipated difficulties in applying the newly acquired knowledge in their current employment .
the satellites measure many parameters which are not currently measured by existing satellite systems .
the isothermal dendritic growth experiment has advanced our knowledge of materials science .
legislation of an urgent character submitted by the executive has priority before congress .
these factors tend to lead to infertility , spontaneous abortion and bleeding .
individual spacecraft components were examined to determine their vulnerability to that predicted environment .
jordan is a member of the international telecommunications satellite organization .
its large version , produced in 1991 , measures 5 metres in diameter .
complaints relating to disappeared persons are dealt with by the registry of disappeared persons .
acts by the president of the republic without ministerial approval are null and void .
the geotail satellite has scientific instruments developed by both isas and nasa .
reaffirming their commitment to the unity and territorial integrity of the country .
this can be overcome by international cooperation or external funding .
after return to earth , this experiment was thoroughly examined to identify impact sites .
other benefits and duties are also covered in peruvian labour legislation .
during the course of the workshop successful models of space applications were presented .
the international committee of the red cross and other health organizations are also involved .
the principles and rights of the jurisdictional function are listed below .
it is women who are most frequently subjected to forced displacement .
five ground stations with a computer , radio and antenna had been established .
to provide mechanisms where women teachers can take on administrative positions .
the course had a series of lectures and laboratory and field exercises .
both the platform and the subsystems that make up their are modular in character .
c . technical advisory services and promotion of regional cooperation .
the members of the congressional standing commission are elected by congress .
the training courses and workshops scheduled for 1996 are shown in annex iii .
a channel of insat is used for interactive training and education .
planning for data acquisition is carried out daily by the satellite operations centre .
all four telescopes at the observatory were scheduled to observe the event .
trsc started cooperation with the lao people ' s democratic republic .
this will probably be the largest astronomical conference ever held in south africa .
estimates of space activity expenses of the government agencies concerned .
the project is in the astro series ( satellites for astronomical observations ) .
nasa expected the first flight using this improvement to take place in may 1995 .
establishment and locations of the centres for space science and technology education in africa .
it is intended to promote research and academic debate on gender perspectives .
there is research on satellite systems and utilization of the space environment .
the changing role of international cooperation should be further explored .
other feasible and important measures , such as prevention of operational debris .
they should improve their health care and educational organizations .
iv . united nations programme on space applications has a 1996 schedule of training page .
an average of four thousand complaints have been received every year .
it allows for the derivation of digital elevation models on topographic maps .
moreover , the programmes could be used as models for future training efforts .
interpretation of european remote sensing satellite data for applications of national interest .
family members are not given much preparation for and understanding of this period .
data solely for regions established late 1989 and having held elections .
those contributions will be used to supplement the regular budget of the programme .
controlling the location , attitude and attitude of communications and broadcasting satellites .
dama will benefit all users of the system , particularly those in developing countries .
access should be given to training on digital analysis of radar images .
six sensor proposals , including those of cnes and nasa , have been selected .
current projects and future perspectives for international cooperation are microsatellites and small satellites .
missions involving small satellites can be a complement to large satellite missions .
observations from the space flyer unit that was launched in march 1995 are being executed .
such a system could greatly improve the access of rural people to good medical care .
national and international research concerning the safety of nuclear - powered satellites .
the mission , originally scheduled for january 1996 , has been delayed to march 1997 .
they both have several microwave sensors as well as an optical radiometer .
trmm will be developed by japan and the united states to observe tropical rainfall .
inmarsat satellite communications systems help in the gathering and dissemination of meteorological data .
in sepac , accelerated ion and electron beams were ejected from the space shuttle .
commercially , images with 2 m resolution obtained from russian military satellites are available .
according to some estimates , there has been a 19 per cent increase in precipitation .
this will allow all the required adaptations for a particular mission to be easily conducted .
a number of technical papers have been produced by united kingdom research groups .
radar reflection from vegetation is influenced by the type of polarization .
they believe that the fall in temperatures may be a result of cooling flows in the central region .
the first phase of the project was being implemented in east africa .
to keep an eye on the internal order and external security of the republic .
among the powers of the standing commission , their would note the following :
over the past 20 years , the frequency and severity of natural disasters have increased .
in 1983 - 1993 , percentage of aids cases were recorded by sex and category of transmission .
tropical forests are home to nearly half of all plant and animal species on earth .
theiru played a key role in helping developing countries in improving their communications infrastructure .
the physical values associated with their are observed with high accuracy during night and day .
there is a united nations international training course on communications and information technology for development .
the initial results of implementing the action plans have been positive .
on 13 october 1993 , japan and the russian federation concluded an agreement on space cooperation .
the basic communications requirements for health care and educational services were very similar .
their is necessary to determine the mechanism of energy consumption on a worldwide scale .
if successful , the experiment would serve as a model for other remote regions .
india is playing an active role in the committee on earth observation satellites .
engineers have specified design analyses and test requirements to provide a definition of flight margins .
the circles in the upper left panel show the coverage of the antenna beams .
what is needed is to identify acceptable technically effective and cost - efficient measures .
in 1994 nasa received 141 proposals in response to a research announcement .
terrorist women have a higher level of education than their male counterparts .
steps taken by space agencies for reducing the growth or damage potential of space debris .
most re - entering spacecraft and upper stages have been destroyed by entry heating .
participants will report to the appropriate authorities in their own countries .
only a few developing countries currently have telecommunications systems that can deal with disasters .
the assessment of tropical forest cover using avhrr had been completed .
space technology has tremendous potential for assisting in disaster response and mitigation .
it engages in research , training and family planning services .
there was one static test firing of a heavily instrumented flight support motor .
the president of the supreme court is also the president of the judiciary .
the united nations programme on space applications was established in 1995 - 1996 .
commercial banking records don ' t take the gender factor into account .
the vector map could be converted to a raster format to suit analytical needs .
the number of women being educated at the university has been growing .
there are long - range fellowships offered by brazil and the european space agency .
its first victims were political authorities and its attacks were aimed at military installations .
space activities that were or could be the subject of greater cooperation .
these provide information , advice , training and services in family planning .
equity is not far off , in comparison with other indicators .
the training course was attended by 25 participants , three of whom were female .
its data management unit should be linked to existing and future relevant global databases .
to strengthen and expand integrated literacy programmes for illiterate adults .
the president of the republic promulgated the constitution on 27 december 1993 .
wmo already uses such a system that can be easily extended for disaster applications .
the following six announcement - of - opportunity sensors are installed on adeos .
the capability and characteristics of the h - ii launch vehicle were verified through those flights .
the outer space activities of thailand are focused on two areas : remote sensing and communications .
unfortunately , for southern africa , cholera and dysentery constitute a serious threat .
trmm is being conducted by japan and the united states to measure tropical rainfall .
the research programme of the institute has research on magnetospheric and atmospheric physics .
they needed to be aware of the potential of space technology for sustainable development .
distribution of the signal to the area concerned is carried out by satellite .
the united nations recognized the utility of inmarsat portable satellite communications systems .
most research is done in thai , except when conducted in cooperation with international organizations .
another project uses sar in the al - zarqa river basin .
summary of the study small satellites have already been used with success by many organizations .
it is proposed to give space segment capacity to countries in the southern african subregion .
the number of health centres and posts doubled when compared with the early 1980s .
the collective organizational capacity and determination of the poor has been shown in recent years .
it promotes education , information , training and communication on population .
the highest risks are associated with laboratory handling of dangerous organic and chemical substances .
the catholic church provides refuge to young women in lima and trujillo .
radar remote sensing from space has a number of advantages over airborne radar .
negotiations are in progress with the parties concerned about the establishment of a regional centre .
it was important to balance space technology with the resources of developing countries .
to perform its responsibilities , the organization has facilities in various parts of the country .
fiscal year 1994 was a time of tremendous accomplishment for the international space station program .
the same principle of equality applies to the determination of their children ' s nationality .
with information to family planning , we have the following information .
during the working day , women are to have two hours free at midday .
it is the basis for social well - being and an instrument of personal accomplishment .
the 1993 census figures show that more women have joined the labour force .
the sole marine application focused on problems caused by the presence of algal blooms .
in fy 1994 , the program supported governmental and academic researchers in 31 projects .
they have developed an engineering model of the system and are testing their basic performance .
nasa assumed satellite - development responsibilities for landsat - 7 from the dod .
there is a committee on the elimination of discrimination against women consideration of reports submitted by states parties .
the principal activities of nal are in the field of space technology .
presentations on remote sensing focused on the opportunities for using satellite data for environmental monitoring .
the end - user might request satellite data in digital format or photographic prints .
they are counted as actual working days for the purpose of calculating vacation time .
technological advances must be accompanied by similar progress in the level of understanding of users .
their is stated that " the power of the state comes from the people . "
establishment and locations of the centres for space science and technology education are included in annexes i .
the solid rocket booster supported the eight shuttle flights that took place during fy 1994 .
the reports will be published and serve as a basis for further action .
comparison of encountered fluxes with design environment models such as the esabase continues .
when the tank structure failed , the propellants ignited and the stage exploded .
radar backscatter is influenced by topographic slope at this angle .
in such a case , the general principles of written law and customary law apply .
complete national - level data sets will be available by 1999 with adequate funding .
these results will help us understand the nervous system ' s adaptation to change .
the supreme court is the highest deliberating body of the judiciary .
the new csp calls for investments in several sectors .
in the last few years women have begun to hold leadership positions in political parties .
these figures show that peru ' s population is concentrated in urban centres .
scientists were making new discoveries about our own solar system closer to home .
on the basis of their diversity of services and coverage , the following are noteworthy .
in early 1995 csp underwent budgetary reductions like all federal government programmes .
in 1994 , 30 per cent of all members in such professional organizations were men .
different roles have traditionally been assigned to men and women in the family .
the national programme for family planning and maternal and child health care programmes has a national programme .
in 1980 , it started carrying out theoretical and applied research on population and development .
the quiet atmospheric conditions at the south pole have allowed python to make measurements of unprecedented sensitivity .
domestic and sexual violence are some of the most serious manifestations of violence against women .
land mines were a serious obstacle to social and economic development in many developing countries .
to set up integrated programmes for the development of female entrepreneurship in urban areas .
it is spin - stabilized with a sun - pointing capability and deployable solar panels .
the right of remand and sentenced prisoners to occupy decent premises .
the technical advisory services currently being rendered under the auspices of the programme are described below .
engineers have developed systems integration plans to ensure orderly implementation into the space shuttle program .
in visual interpretation , the geographical limits of the various classes were traced onto the print .
it has become the present national network for the advancement of women and is operating independently .
the new canadian government has recently affirmed their support for the international space station .
the office has a five - year term and is not subject to a binding mandate .
atsr is used to measure the surface temperatures of the sea , land and clouds .
the information was passed on to the european space agency for collation with descriptions from other member states .
alberto fujimori fujimori was elected president for the 1990 - 1995 period .
it was this event that provided the majority of data on orbital debris during the mission .
selection of transfer orbit parameters to ensure the rapid decay of transfer stages .
it is still in operation , though there are major limitations on their infrastructure and resources .
there is a report on the implementation of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women .
a woman worker or employee gets the benefits offered by this legislation on a compulsory basis .
they are involved in the dissemination of information and coordination with societal and state institutions .
various methods of receiving training to enhance job prospects are offered by the peruvian educational system .
married women submit complaints more frequently , this being true both in lima and the provinces .
the right will be guaranteed through the creation of a single register of personal identities .
their was widely acknowledged that remotely sensed data was useful for a large range of applications .
nal was placed under their administration after the establishment of sta in 1956 .
selected candidates will begin their studies in september 1996 at the above - mentioned institutions .
to direct external international relations policy , and conclude and ratify treaties .
in other less common fields like statistical engineering , the proportion of women is greater .
the phased array antenna is an essential element in realizing this capability . c . impact measurements .
research and development started in 1991 with the goal of launching the satellite in 1997 .
approximately 70 per cent felt that their had benefited significantly from the course .
a project for small - scale fishing that provides women with training and loans .
further investigations were needed to assess the costs and benefits associated with remote sensing applications .
action has been taken to improve the suitability , application and dissemination of the legislation .
their independence is subject only to the constitution and the law .
within this band are gamma ray pulsars and other unidentified sources of gamma rays .
in order to evaluate the actual size of space debris , shape information must be obtained .
unep transmitted about 6 million pages of data to approximately 3 , 000 users .
to declare war and sign peace treaties with the authorization of congress .
those innovations are expected to improve short and long - range weather forecasting services .
there have been three major waves of internal displacement due to violence in peru .
the developmental support needed for the centres for space science and technology education .
the satellite uses a radar altimeter to give precise measurements of sea - surface height .
the facility was set up as a joint project between zimbabwe and germany .
the earliest pilot projects took place in the fields of land - use planning and vegetation monitoring .
clouds such as this have been previously identified with the progenitors of current galaxies .
an earth observation small satellite mission has been approved by the government of thailand .
this is the origin of the domestic urban area observation satellite ( duos ) concept .
it provides family planning services , engaged in research , education , training and information activities .
six european countries have provided the space segment and 16 antennas with related hardware and software .
it is possible to determine the orbit of the target from a single observation .
in older generations , the situation had been described as inequitable .
follow - up projects that have resulted from different activities of the programme .
similarly , they give precedence to the legal provision over any other provision of lower rank .
no delta stage that has followed stored energy depletion procedures has exploded since then .
there have been increasing requests for the services of the programme by national and regional entities .
the council of ministers , or the minister censured , is required to resign .
during daylight hours , the multispectral scanners were used to acquire images .
suspension of health care , despite the physical and psychological toll taken on their .
nasa asked for a broadened application of their scientific and technological assets via internet .
there is no deliberate breakup of spacecraft that produces debris in long - lived orbits .
many of them , especially those that live in urban areas , will continue to acquire education .
research on and development of small , low earth - orbiting satellite communication systems .
this may shed new light on whether the universe is open or closed .
three new domestic fixed satellites were launched for the united states during fy 1994 .
later , in the generations born after the 1970s , there was greater equality in school attendance .
a series of explosion experiments for modelling the breakup of a rocket upper stage is also planned .
in general , the components of the system for releasing the spacecraft are still in the upper stage .
at a length of nearly 20 kilometers , it was the longest object ever placed in space .
the training course was attended by 25 participants , 12 of whom were from gabon .
software techniques have been developed for automatic reduction and analysis of differential ccd photometry .
until recently , the highest resolution satellite images were 10 m resolution spot images .
it will allow subsequent addition of the rendezvous - docking functions for space activities .
the data distribution systems of these satellites will be vastly improved in comparison to the present ones .
food production would have to be increased , requiring a more efficient management of natural resources .
satellite remote sensing capabilities were being built into environmental monitoring units within ministries for environmental protection .
the advanced resources searching sensor of miti will be mounted on eos - am1 .
" japan will aim to develop systems that leave as little space debris as possible . "
participants are expected to report to the relevant authorities in their countries .
it will have a three - axis stabilized bus with two panels of solar arrays and batteries .
the first american was scheduled to be launched on a russian spacecraft to mir in march 1995 .
to approve such bills , the president of the republic may submit them to congress .
ensuring the independence of the jurisdictional organs and the proper administration of justice .
professional training was not yet a widespread phenomenon for younger and older women .
hope is being studied by nal andl on the basis of those design concepts .
this article states that care will be provided for the mother before , during and after childbirth .
this powerful radar can detect debris as small as a pea orbiting 600 kilometers out in space .
most women graduates have studied civil engineering or industrial , chemical or manufacturing applications .
information received subsequent to this date will be included in the present document .
the latent period would range from several weeks to as long as 16 - 27 years .
the project has developed some subsystems for use by other satellites , and is seeking partners .
a national risk assessment system was evolving in india to minimize the harmful effects of hazardous events .
it was suggested that remote sensing and gis training be combined to make a national training centre .
sensors with ground resolution down to 1 m will be commercially available in the near future .
trmm will be the first mission carrying a precipitation radar to monitor tropical rainfall from space .
the participants were working in programmes , projects or enterprises in which space technology could be utilized .
since january 1979 , japan has received landsat observation data about japan and its vicinity .
there is research on geostationary servicing satellite systems and technology for detecting space debris .
implementation of dama service in the indian ocean and pacific ocean regions is expected shortly thereafter .
speckle can be reduced by the use of digital filtering or multi - look processing procedures .
information received subsequent to that date will be included in the present document .
the test flights of the planned space vehicle will take place after the turn of the century .
users have to compromise to fit their information requirements to the parameters of available remote sensing data .
posat is the result of close cooperation between sstl satellite and a portuguese industrial consortium .
it conducts space robotics experiments using the robot arm installed on the chaser satellite .
more than 12 , 000 documents were picked up through the gopher .
deliberate or accidental fires have caused disastrous effects on the ecology and economy of the areas concerned .
the cloud pictures are used for aviation forecasting , and there is a weather radar .
authorized users can transfer data through the oceaninfo system or receive monthly plots by mail .
the standard fairing measures 4 . 1 metres in diameter and 12 metres in length .
these clubs are administered by pronaa , the national programme for food aid .
the first launch of the super lightweight tank will be in 1997 .
fifty - four per cent moved within their departments , while 46 per cent migrated elsewhere .
a motor nozzle exit cone extension will increase the vacuum specific impulse of the motor .
a summary of each of those activities can be found in annex ii to the present report .
significant gaps can be observed among women on the basis of their social status .
no one will be obliged to work without remuneration or free consent .
women have succeeded in joining the administrative body of this trade union association .
the operation and utilization functions of the space station are expected to evolve for many years .
this information can be used to get estimates of refugee - camp population , area and growth rates .
all gateways equipped with dama will be able to communicate with each other .
the visible channels added to the ers - 2 radiometer allow for the derivation of vegetation indices .
the experiment logistics module will be used to transport experimental equipment , samples , various gases and supplies .
the impact of fire on forest land can be detected by using remote sensing techniques and gis .
each assessment is to be prepared during a workshop organized by the subcommittee with representatives of interested countries .
nasa and nasda have agreed that the nasa fairbanks station will receive ers - 1 data .
forest area estimation and mapping , forest monitoring , forest fire assessment and forest management are some of the forest applications .
it uses a system concept that can be realized without the need for conventional space - reliability components .
hartrao supports radio observations of objects currently being investigated by the gamma ray observatory .
the system has 6 satellites , 28 ground stations and 15 control centres in 16 countries .
new data gathered by galileo show that ida ' s composition is more diverse than previously thought .
a reliability - centered maintenance program adjusts procedures based on actual performance data and operational experience .
in each case the location , size parameters , morphological features and direction of impact were measured .
a total of 21 observable fragments collided with jupiter over a week - long period .
these are the result of rocket upper stage explosions , intentional distractions and other unknown factors .
staff of the national supervisory body for tax administration , by category and sex .
the only issues that were pending were the mod and scope for affiliation with the united nations .
equality of opportunity without discrimination is mentioned in article 26 among the principles governing labour relations .
the flight trajectory is updated to account for the actual winds on the day of launch .
similar bodies were established in 11 provinces throughout the country from 1992 to 1994 .
the activities of the programme covered in the present report will be implemented .
the equality of women with men before the law has been recognized in the country .
women carry out many tasks both in the domestic arena and in productive sectors .
other sexually transmitted diseases , of which there is a high incidence , remain without adequate treatment .
the number of women mayors has increased since 1980 , but the percentage is still very small .
from 1990 to 1993 they made up 22 . 7 per cent of the members of this body .
a number of state institutions and programmes have stopped operating over the course of the past decade .
there is a seventh united nations / sweden international training course on remote sensing education for educators .
urban centres and even lima all show the diversity of the cultural universe .
some of these projects are already ongoing and involve the institutions to which the participants are attached .
a summary presentation of the topics introduced during the training course can be found in section i .
a single image from a given date may not be enough to differentiate several different crop types .
few of the women elected to parliament became part of the governing bodies of their respective chambers .
for that reason it was renamed the department of women ' s and children ' s affairs .
the contract process lasted only 70 days , less than the standard 6 months to a year .
expressing an opinion prior to judicial decisions in the cases provided for by law .
the programme for life is carried out by the ministry of education .
they took part in the management of health projects supported by foncodes .
their is in charge of the women ' s police offices that deal with cases of domestic violence .
this happens more frequently in the most impoverished social strata than in the higher - income groups .
the president of the republic is the head of state and personifies the nation .
suggestions abstracted from the evaluation sheets filled in by the participants are as follows :
it developed and used remote - sensing systems to support the provisions of the clean water act .
training courses , workshops , conferences and symposia are organized by the united nations .
the institutions of civil society had a major impact on the country ' s capital .
the constitution establishes the grounds on which the presidency may be relinquished or suspended .
increasing access to space technology for such uses could be promoted through appropriate international coordination and cooperation .
the first women ' s police office started its activities in august 1988 in lima .
the effective management of these remains from the harvest reduces soil erosion and improves water quality .
of every 10 people who reach the university level , 6 are men and 4 are women .
since the mid - 1970s , non - governmental organizations have been well represented in peru .
to execute and enforce the constitution and treaties , laws and other legal provisions .
it is a low - cost platform with a moderately long operational life capable of future evolution .
to provide access to information by island states , and to enhance regional cooperation .
funds for the international travel of 12 participants from developing countries were provided by the united nations .
the average purchase price for a hand - held satellite phone was $ 1 , 000 .
it has expressed its views on the repression of abortion , which is a continuing subject of public debate .
among the powers of the council of minsters , we would mention the following :
competence in space science contributed to competence in areas far beyond the specific field of research undertaken .
incidence of undernutrition among children aged less than 5 is determined by type , sex and region .
there is a need to reconstruct ravaged areas ( infrastructure , economy , social organization ) .
unfortunately , only a few countries have the means to operationally use space technology for hazard management .
monthly allowances are paid for room and board , books , local travel and health benefits .
independent research on this topic has been carried out by various organizations in japan since that time .
doe intends to keep their unique capabilities to provide special nuclear power sources for other agencies ' needs .
researchers learned that a surprising degree of neural plasticity results from exposure to microgravity .
accurate calibration of the seawifs instrument is critical to the mission ' s success .
during the past 10 years , women have been involved in this type of organization only on a minority basis .
furthermore , it is working on flight test experiments to be performed on the exterior of space stations .
in addition , these scientists have learned a lot about the effects of electrons in the upper atmosphere .
two radar stations are located on tanegashima island to track and support the rockets launched .
a special release system has been developed for the upper stage of the chinese long march 4 launcher .
transtage has restart capability so it could use procedures similar to delta or centaur stages .
approximately 200 , 000 people from peru migrated from peru between 1980 and 1990 .
custodianship of children and adolescents can be exercised by any person with a legitimate interest .
developed countries should continue to assist developing countries in implementing space technology for national development plans and programmes .
during the republican era , national censuses were held in 1850 , 1863 and 1876 .
in the context of the institutional crisis , professional organizations have evolved into civic forums .
in the central western part of south america , peru is located in the southern hemisphere .
space technology gave new dimensions to the way in which health care and education could be delivered .
soils whose moisture content evolves differently during the year may be differentiated using multiple - date images .
the antarctic ozone levels for 1994 were nearly as small as the record lows from october 1993 .
the kakuda propulsion centre is responsible for research on and development of constituent parts of rockets .
support should be given for the establishment and strengthening of women ' s organizations and collectives .
there is no experience with the use of satellite radar images in tropical regions .
collaboration of isas and nasa in space experiments with particle accelerators and geotail .
additional united states hardware is being tested and shipped to russia for launch on progress rockets next year .
the spheres are expected to remain in orbit providing valuable calibration data until mid - 1995 .
participants should have access to more in - depth training on radar image interpretation .
participants agreed that the utilization of earth observation satellite data in developing countries still needed to be increased .
the average number of years of education for children and young people of both sexes is very similar .
data from satellite - based radar systems can be used in a number of ways for natural hazard reduction .
to provide security and support for the distribution of relief supplies and humanitarian relief operations .
appropriate applications of space technologies can be used to respond more effectively to needs resulting from disasters .
regular telephone lines are used for fax services , and require approval in accordance with international standards .
the parameters are indicated in the table below and the satellite is scheduled to be launched in 1998 .
in infrared astronomy , observations from stratospheric balloons and sounding rockets have been conducted .
the use of the h - ii launch vehicle for launching various other satellites is being studied .
the optimum balance between programme complexity and risk is a central issue in any small satellite mission .
research on and development of space environment forecasting systems for predicting sun flares .
this should be known to the local population if help is organized by international relief agencies .
the platform will be able to carry payloads with masses that vary between 80 and 500 kilograms .
the government of gabon provided secretarial support and local transportation for the benefit of the participants .
studies were conducted on the problem of the collision of nuclear power sources with space debris .
there will be about 20 racks within , 10 of which will be used for experimental payloads .
for the first time , the government is taking the initiative through a comprehensive anti - terrorism policy .
the first global picture of the reactive form of chlorine that destroys ozone is provided by these measurements .
c . loading and unloading of maritime vessels using cranes and loadings involves excessive loads .
many professionals such as attorneys and accountants extended their workday by two hours via mobile communications .
there are provisions in the legislation that show that the woman is not without legal protection .
the antenna of the mu radar consists of 475 yagi antennas , which make up an active phased array .
traditional telecommunications systems were often severely affected by disasters such as earthquakes , floods or hurricanes .
the aim of the project was to mitigate the effects of earthquakes generated in the guerrero gap .
the final configuration of sensors on adeos - ii will be defined in the near future .
vital information was exchanged on the cometary path , cometary dust environment and experiment design .
to develop a modular satellite that will be the key technology of the future platform .
there are two more stations used for monitoring pollution and a network of solar radiation recording stations .
each receiver / transmitter combination has a coverage area of 40 km in diameter in flat terrain .
in the 1980s gdp fell by an annual average rate of 0 . 6 per cent .
a high throughput system such as ers - 1 proved to be capable of delivering many images .
decision support systems were being developed to provide risk assessment and management planning to minimize losses caused by insects .
mos 1 and lb data will be received directly in australia , canada and thailand and the european space agency .
frequently , the difference between saving and losing lives and property is an effective warning of an impending disaster .
isas conducted space experiments with particle accelerator ( sepac ) in 1983 and 1992 .
the first test flight is scheduled for february 1996 and is to carry a hypersonic flight experiment vehicle .
vita gives information on natural disasters and human - made crises such as civil strife and refugee movements .
ers data was free of charge to selected scientific research groups or entities involved in operational applications .
in 1991 and 1992 , more than 20 million people in this region were affected by a severe spell .
ensuring that radio systems on communications and broadcasting satellites are used by operators of radio stations .
the pricing and independence of remote sensing data were critical for the integration of remote sensor into national programmes .
the disaster listserv has 129 subscribers who have received approximately 20 , 000 documents .
nasda is planning to reflect user requirements in the field of natural disaster reduction to future programmes .
relief and recovery operations take 95 per cent of all resources spent on disaster - related activities .
outside assistance and expert advice was essential to the successful application of space technology for sustainable development .
in the original operations concept , the most important provision was the de - orbiting of spent spacecraft .
this mission is one of the main objectives of the cooperation among the countries of the central european initiative .
citizens who exercise the right of initiative in accordance with the law also have this right .
civil government authorities , who sponsored the project , made considerable efforts to increase earthquake preparedness .
this survey has found a lot of very hot stars such as white dwarfs and active corona stars .
in order to be a judge of the supreme court of justice , a person must :
employment is a right and a duty according to article 22 of the peruvian constitution .
article 27 of the charter provides that the law will give the worker adequate protection against arbitrary dismissal .
women ' s risk of hiv infection through the parents is three times higher than that of men .
the disparity between the numbers of women and men in the eap is noteworthy here .
minimum wages will be set by the state with the participation of organizations representing workers and employers .
the number of births with midwives in attendance increased slightly during this period in some sectors .
these positions confer prestige and have a high level of political power and decision - making .
the clementine data is being processed by the usgs to produce global digital maps , as well .
the report shows the results of the course evaluation and the proposed follow - up plan of action .
annex iii to the present report shows the status of the awards for 1995 / 96 .
the target group of 75 countries whose development needs reflected the priorities of sweden was selected by bits .
the average number of live births per woman is 2 . 2 , according to the 1993 census .
some groups have already returned to their communities , but the following major problems have emerged .
s - 80 / t completed their first operational year in october 1993 while still functioning .
there is a body for coordination of ngos working in the field of women ' s health .
one member is elected by secret ballot by the lima bar council from among their members .
abimael guzman was captured in september 1992 , along with other top leaders of the organization .
social welfare , particularly in the areas of health , nutrition , work and education .
the total area of peruvian territory is 1 , 285 , 216 . 60 square kilometres .
their demands included better market prices for their products and recognition of their production role .
popular participation in the appointment and removal of judges is in line with the law .
the system allows distress signals from ships or airplanes to be received and processed more quickly than before .
the native communities have developed agriculture as an activity to supplement hunting , fishing and gathering .
in the first half of the 1980s , their activities expanded to cover the entire nation .
in developing countries , such options could be faster , more flexible and lower in cost .
women ' s organizations play a crucial role in the provision of food to the poor .
the multidisciplinary association for population research and instruction ( amidep ) is a not - for - profit organization .
d . williams was selected by nasa as part of the 1994 class of mission specialist trainees .
requirements for the ground segment of a small satellite system are different depending on the application area .
those issues should not be allowed to stop the development of essential worldwide satellite services that were feasible .
these complaints are estimated to represent only 10 to 30 per cent of the sexual violence actually committed .
those satellites have been left in the gso region , but have not yet been used .
the goal is to establish 5 , 000 wawahuasis nationwide by the year 1995 .
for the first time , the worldwide scientific community was able to predict and track such a crash .
researchers hope to gain a better understanding of how these particles are accelerated .
telehealth was the practice of health care using interactive audio , visual and data communication .
it seeks to improve the nutritional level of the most impoverished groups through the provision of foodstuffs .
services would be available to anyone , regardless of membership , but membership would be open to any country .
the appearance of remotely sensed images was determined by a number of factors , including sensor , atmospheric and terrain characteristics .
the programme is entering a phase that will be devoted to the expanded provision of technical advisory services .
they are most likely to face the pressures of family and work rather than trying to improve their education .
the relevant provisions of the civil code will apply in respect of the right to a name .
solid rocket motor casings and solar array cable wraps will stay attached to the spacecraft .
the second agent of violence is the tupac amaru revolutionary movement .
professional qualifications , trustworthiness , experience and efficiency in previous positions are some of the criteria for selection .
it contributed to an increase in violence , which has had serious consequences for society as a whole .
a sectoral committee was created in 1992 and is responsible for reviewing regulations on women ' s work .
solid propellant perigee kick motors that release aluminum particles are to be avoided .
the information revolution threatened to increase inequities , but it also provided tools to reduce poverty .
the growth of the urban population has not happened as a result of the industrialization process .
replies received from member statesthis document have been reproduced in the form in which their was received .
the official title accrediting their status is awarded to judges and procurators .
after completing the mapping of the planet ' s surface , magellan began collecting information about its density .
it is important to highlight the topic of violence against women , in all their forms .
their was recommended that a step - by - step approach be taken to the introduction of space technology .
all such images were digitized and stored on compact discs that are available through the european space agency for further analysis .
all other stages must naturally re - enter the atmosphere or be de - orbited .
the responses showed that the course has improved indigenous capabilities , particularly in remote sensing , in many countries .
addresses were also given to the undp and the office for outer space affairs .
under peru ' s 1993 constitution , treaties entered into by peru are part of national law .
the topics submitted by member states between 1 november and 15 december 1995 can be found in the present document .
a basic hypervelocity impact study has been conducted at nal in collaboration with various organizations .
the education of nearly half of all females in rural areas comes to an end in this age group .
in 1992 a project was started in south africa to develop a monitoring system for drought and vegetation conditions .
sources : estimated on the basis of care , 1990 and 1992 ; and garcia naranjo , 1992 .
this satellite is designed for auroral research and other related magnetospheric phenomena .
the programme of the workshop ( annex i ) was developed by the united nations and the european space agency .
the indian space programme continued to promote international cooperation in the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space .
the solar energy reflected or emitted by surface features was sensed by the optical , multispectral scanners .
idndr gives an international mechanism to focus attention on the benefits of applying these and other technologies .
irremovability from their posts ; they may not be transferred without their consent .
after the end of the fiscal year , noaa did not get control over the satellite .
the possibility of assessing in particular the spatial and temporal dimensions of the problem of desertification is increased .
it will be able to send an exploration spaceship of about 2 to 3 tonnes to venus or mars .
for disasters , such as droughts or famines , a different telecommunications strategy is needed .
the french national centre for space studies ( cnes ) is currently considering a number of small scientific satellites .
the scientists plan to understand the origin of the flashes and their potential impact on aircraft safety .
the outer surface of the pressurized module will be covered with a bumper to guard against space debris .
the recent and planned activities in the space debris field in japan are briefly reviewed in this article .
smooth surfaces result in reflection with almost all of the signal being reflected away from the sensor .
other institutions engage in activities in the area of research and education on population and gender .
this remains a major problem , despite the steps taken by the state , in view of its gravity .
article 31 states the right of all citizens , male and female , to vote and be elected .
important matters relating to coordination of space - related work among the government agencies concerned .
it ' s interesting to see the differences among women their according to place of residence .
data from irs - 1b and irs - p2 are available to users all over the world .
presentations highlighted applications in areas such as forestry , geology and mineral resources , cartography and other fields .
their was prepared for the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space and its scientific and technical subcommittee .
priority will be given to information distribution by electronic means ( e . g . e - mail ) .
these coatings can be used to prevent biofilm buildup in a number of commercially important areas .
the purpose of this experiment was to gather data on the degradation of composite materials in low earth orbit .
infant mortality in peru is still very high and continues to be above the latin american average .
the report reviews the steps taken to translate the mandate of the programme into operational activities .
to a lesser degree , the same observations were applied to satellite communications , particularly regarding recent developments in mobile communications .
the free and unrestricted exchange of meteorological data essential for meteorological and hydrological services was included in the new policy .
their will be mounted on and launched by the two - stage h - ii launch vehicle .
other data to be produced include topography , meteorology , soil suitability and land ownership .
recent technological progress in many areas means that small satellites can offer services previously only available from much larger satellites .
rjgc is involved in a number of projects of national importance , including remote sensing and geographic information systems applications .
national civil defence , emergency response organizations and various government departments are involved in preparedness planning for all disasters and emergencies .
it publishes an annual report on the activities of the centre over the past year .
these shifts can intensify a country ' s financial imbalances and deplete available resources .
an infrared survey of the galactic centre has been started using a wide - format infrared array camera .
a summary of the major topics presented during the training course can be found in section i .
each satellite would contain a technology demonstration package in which new electronic components would be tested in the space environment .
developing countries need a sustained period of social and economic growth in order to realize their fullest potential .
their is important for the united nations to play an active role in forming policies to distribute hrsi .
monitoring weather and climate has been an important tool in predicting and fighting natural disasters .
the data required for global monitoring of all potentially hazardous volcanoes can be provided by the ers - 1 satellite .
conventional approaches required a face - to - face relationship between the patient and the health - care provider .
an assessment of these benefits is made on a regional basis , starting with the situation in latin america .
phase i of the international space station program was expanded because of the existing shuttle / mir program .
two groups of women are particularly vulnerable to rape : girls and peasant women in emergency zones .
among the different types of orbital objects , the largest number is that of fragment debris created by explosions .
radar images are often characterized by speckle , which appears as a salt - and - pepper pattern .
their objectives were to deal with the problems of self - defence , security and protection of human rights .
in the 1980s , municipal administration became the arema for the participation and organization of women .
the main means of aids transmission to women is sexual .
the average number of years of study among those aged 15 and above is by sex and urban or rural area .
participants should inform their local ptts and industries of the discussions and results of the workshop .
it has a national governing council and macroregional and departmental coordinating units throughout the country .
nematode worms show a significant number of mutations compared to control specimens , but no unusual reproductive behavior .
the use of insecticides in particular does not take into account the effects on women ' s reproductive health .
for more detailed and long - lasting observations , a dedicated debris observation system will be required .
every country has a policy to initiate and integrate space projects into their national programmes .
more than 50 scientists carried out observational campaigns to verify the results of the model .
the earlier code in force since 1924 was repealed in the penal code promulgated in april 1991 .
many of the same basic chemicals that compose the planets in our solar system are found in the newly found disks .
treaties relating to certain matters must be approved by congress before they are approved by the president .
for this reason , the operational usefulness of ers data in african countries needs to be demonstrated .
the following trends may be observed on the basis of information on property and holdings in a coastal province .
data exchange standards need to be addressed in order to avoid problems of inaccurate data .
objects as small as 2 cm at 500 km altitude are detected by means of modern communication technology .
in addition , the european space agency has mailed copies of the desc software program to all participants .
studies are not being conducted on the possibility of a collision of nuclear - power sources with space debris .
french documentation on ers radar applications in all themes of interest should be made available .
a number of regulations that discriminated against women ' s appearance in court proceedings were overturned .
five major components were in the process of being upgraded in two block changes in the current engine .
it is nationwide in scope because of the initiative of the municipal governments .
the profile of women members of ngos in the early 1980s was different from that of the early 1980s .
interferometric monitoring of greenhouse gases ( img ) is done by miti of japan .
to approve supplementary credits and transfers and credits from the budget during the parliamentary recess .
18 million cellular subscribers in the united states were a key part of the phenomena .
the strategy assigned landsat - 7 program responsibilities to nasa , noaa , and usgs .
india will provide opportunities for other countries to fly on the irs - p series of satellites .
complex numerical modeling has led to a detailed conception of the earth ' s magnetosphere .
ensuring the lawfulness of ballots and electoral procedures , referendums and other popular votes .
canada planned to develop the special purpose dexterous manipulator for more delicate robotic operations .
the lower initial investment could significantly boost the availability of telecommunications in the rural areas of developing countries .
the projects listed represent the output of three working groups , which correspond to each of the three application themes .
the bits were replaced by the swedish international development cooperation agency ( sida ) after the restructuring had been completed .
the emergence and consolidation of feminist organizations and women ' s rights groups has made a significant impact .
the peruvian constitution establishes the composition of the national council of the judiciary and the requirements for membership .
it has not been possible to get gender - disaggregated information on bank loans .
data within a gis could be queried to respond to questions that only required the retrieval of data .
rough surfaces cause diffuse reflections in all directions , and a significant portion of the signal is returned to the sensor .
aggregation of state - level data for comparison at regional and national levels is possible with standardized mapping methods and data formats .
the percentage of births in the five years preceding the survey is determined by type of birth attendant , region and educational level .
however , at higher altitudes ( 800 - 1000 kilometers ) the debris population was greater than nasa had predicted .
they usually have an important item " size , " which is determined from the strength of the received echo .
we will work with other countries in considering ways of reducing their , with regard to existing space debris .
the system was built as a fixed ground station for space communication experiments using a satellite .
this is followed by a presentation of the recommendations of a number of working groups .
elections were held for the first time in 1989 to form regional assembly , but they have now been abolished .
their findings suggest a greater effect than had previously been assumed , in line with a shock acceleration model .
any assistance provided to a minor extends to the mother and to the minor ' s family .
on 15 september 1995 , both countries were invited to take the necessary steps for the establishment of the centres .
the obligation of the executive to extend such cooperation as may be requested of their in proceedings .
the establishment of training centres would play a key role in promoting and applying space technology for sustainable development .
most of the migrants moved to lima , where their make up over a third of the population .
the importance of merging space technology with other conventional techniques was stressed throughout the workshop .
there are many different types of objects , the largest number of them are fragment debris created by explosions .
there is a prohibition of the reopening of proceedings closed by means of an enforceable judgement .
it should help refine models of gas velocities below the sun ' s surface .
their has been in lima for nine years and has established similar groups in other places .
confirmation of the appointment of judges and procurators at all levels every seven years .
in mexico , a seismic alert system has been operating as an experimental evaluation project .
efforts are being made to improve satellites and launchers in terms of design , launching technique and reliability .
these institutions have offices for legal aid to women on the premises of the lima women ' s police office .
the presentations made by participants on the results of their visual interpretation projects were among the highlights of the course .
disasters can be reduced if adequate research and proven prevention , preparedness and emergency measures are taken .
a wider distribution of information concerning training courses should be made available well ahead of their scheduling .
although no detailed data resulted , this experiment did contribute to the design of the meleo experiment .
the vestiges of discrimination against women in legal matters have for the most part been erased .
the launch complex for launching the h - ii launch vehicle was completed in 1991 .
from 1980 to 1994 , five elections were held to elect mayors and councilmen throughout the country .
both institutions can take in only eight people at a time , so their have a relatively small admittance capacity .
testing lightweight , mobile , handheld satellite communication terminals can be done in a variety of environmental conditions .
mating and hatching medaka fish eggs was the first documented successful vertebrate reproduction in space .
meteorologists believe that the position of the kuroshio is affecting the weather of north america .
hst has the ability to image and measure the spectra of distant supernovae in ultraviolet light .
the highlight of 1994 was the collision of comet shoemaker - levy 9 with jupiter .
the ministry also supervises the nasda , a quasi - governmental agency that is in charge of exercising control over satellite development .
in the first five years , terrorist activity in rural areas was almost exclusively centered in rural areas .
high - resolution satellite remote sensing data is suitable for the collection of spatial data for broad planning and monitoring .
the average number of years of education went from 5 . 4 in 1981 to 7 . 1 in 1993 .
integration of remotely sensed data into thegis proved to be cost effective in supporting land management decisions .
it was noted that the project would use geo - referenced data and information as the basis for their programmes .
recent agreements include those signed with the russian federation on 30 june 1994 and with ukraine on 16 september 1994 .
peru respects international law and complies with the international treaties that lay down their geographical limits .
block i was scheduled for their first flight in june 1995 as of the end of the fiscal year .
scientists are now able to predict " space weather " caused by solar - terrestrial interactions .
the end - user should be the focal point of all serious attempts to develop successful new satellite communications services .
the inauguration in sri lanka , in january 1996 , of an astronomical telescope donated by japan .
gates would be used for health and education services , as well as for environmental and disaster management applications .
that meant patients in remote areas had very little access to high - quality , specialized medical care .
at the present time , these maps could easily be used by all of the countries that are represented at the training course .
surface features in images could be digitally classified using a range of supervised and unsupervised approaches .
the present report was prepared for the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space and its scientific and technical subcommittee .
spectroscopic , photometric and polarimetric observations are needed to interpret the physical properties of the systems .
in its initial stage of utilization , industrial , academic and governmental users will conduct tests using common experimental equipment .
having considered the report of the secretary - general dated 13 may 1994 ( s / 1994 / 565 ) .
their was stated that this was due to the fact that 95 per cent of all disasters occurred in developing countries .
the secretariat prepared the present study in response to the request of the working group of the whole .
japan and countries of the association of south - east asian nations have joint research programmes that use the data received .
the construction of the new launch site for the h - ii vehicle was finished in 1991 .
humans can ' t prevent the occurrence of natural phenomena such as typhoons , hurricanes , earthquakes and volcanic eruptions .
linking remote locations to an urban medical centre gave an opportunity for specialist consultations that might not be possible otherwise .
the extent to which the same technologies could mitigate the effects of earthquakes and volcanic eruptions were addressed in the presentations .
there is an expansion of the unamir force level up to 5 , 500 troops .
the study of the magnetosphere , ionosphere and thermosphere of earth is related to the scientific mission .
these services are now available to areas that were previously not accessible because of their location , terrain , weather or demography .
the success of the cometary mission was a result of the collaboration of iacg .
the first of these satellites will be a minisat mission with a payload module .
illiteracy has not been completely eradicated among young women in the rural sierra region .
these are forced displacements , people being forced to leave their villages of origin or residence and their jobs .
the preservation of the space environment is important for insuring long - lasting and expanding space activities .
it is believed to have the ability to detect a particle 1mm in diameter at a distance of 1 km .
he or their will be entered in the civil register by his or her mother or guardian immediately after birth .
other limitations come from the current space - borne radar instruments , which were not designed for this purpose .
phase transition phenomena near the critical point of the element , xenon , were studied by the critical fluid light scattering experiment .
the most recent national censuses took place in 1940 , 1961 , 1972 , 1981 and 1993 .
over two thirds of global rainfall occurs in tropical areas , which is one of the main sources of global climate change .
the three regional centres held three seminars , which were attended by a total of 367 participants from 182 agencies .
a total of 10 university of surrey satellite project ( uosat ) satellites were launched between 1981 and 1993 .
in 1992 , the geotail satellite was launched by nasa using a delta ii launch vehicle .
the program plan calls for tilting the satellite to provide a complete mapping of antarctica as one of the mission objectives .
the public interest and media coverage was excellent , and included live coverage of q1 , the largest fragment .
j - i is intended to be a time - saving launch system with minimum operation time at the launch site .
observation data would be received by the master ground station via data relay satellites and would then be recorded and processed .
the dual approach was justified because of the fact that the highest medical and educational needs appeared in the same areas .
fairly sophisticated scientific and technological experiments , as well as application missions , can be flown in space at modest costs .
the satellites were launched between 1980 and 1983 and carried a landmark sensor payload , including a solid state camera .
china , pakistan and thailand signed a memorandum of understanding to organize workshops and conferences in each other .
the revisit capability of the satellite has a role in the potential applications of the images collected .
two or more images acquired at different times during the growing season may allow the differentiation of crop cover .
noaa plans to conserve enough fuel on future operational meteorological goes satellites to perform manoeuvres .
these budgetary restrictions affect the development of various health care programmes and the appropriate equipment of public health facilities .
this terminal is remotely operated from the tdrs system ( tdrss ) ground stations in new mexico .
it was supported by the fomciencias of the peruvian association for the promotion of social sciences .
women aged 20 to 34 have achieved the highest levels of education compared to other age groups .
they have gained entry into organizations of civil society such as entrepreneurial guilds and the mass media .
the meteorological rockets can see temperature , atmospheric pressure , wind and so on at altitudes of between 30 and 60 kilometres .
sufficient training and education possibilities were critical for successfully incorporating remote sensing and geographic information systems into national development plans .
during the infant ' s first year , mothers have the right to nurse a child for one hour each day .
the intended increase in orbit will be 300 km for the intelsat - vi and all later satellite series .
written substantiation of judicial decisions in all instances , except for purely procedural orders .
since 1989 and the fifth national congress of the cna , women have been on the governing board .
the special project for rural land titling and property registration is a part of the ministry of agriculture .
those who have acquired professional qualifications have a better chance to leave domestic service and enter the job market .
property by size of holdings and sex of owner , province of morropon in piurnas , 1993 .
the cost of a conventional phone in a rural area in their first year was $ 5 , 000 .
those traces could be input to a gis in the form of a vector map through digitization .
those who exercise their do so with the limitations and responsibilities laid down in the constitution and the laws .
metropolitan lima has advantages over the rest of the country , and urban settlements are preferable to rural ones .
the date of image acquisition had a huge impact on the various uses to which their could eventually be put .
our ignorance of the exact space debris environment causes the most critical uncertainties in space debris environment .
after spacecraft separation , all united states launch systems execute some form of contamination and collision avoidance manoeuvres .
national organizations and agencies should look for ways and means of introducing space technology for sustainable development into the private sector .
a few policy makers from both national and international entities were invited , at a decision - making level .
the text has been reproduced without formal editing according to a statement by the office for outer space affairs of the united nations .
magion - 1 remained operational for three years despite being designed for an operational lifetime of three weeks .
it is considered that ministers are individually responsible for their own acts and for the presidential acts they approve .
two intelsat satellites would be used , one over the atlantic ocean and the other over the indian ocean .
countries within the region should have access to the ers images collected by the libreville station .
the report was prepared for the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space and its scientific and technical subcommittee .
data from this instrument show planetary scale disturbances in upper atmospheric weather that correspond to one or two waves around the globe .
at the end of the year , projects were underway in 36 states , with data from nevada and washington nearing completion .
in many developing countries , remote sensing and geographic information systems were being used for mapping natural resources and hazard management .
the effects are more serious in nature as they are combined with the impoverishment of families .
the level of contraceptive use is related to women ' s levels of education and urbanization .
during the symposium , a presentation by india on its pilot project at the village level was made .
clearly , issues affecting the common welfare call for common solutions , and international space cooperation becomes a chosen instrument .
in 1993 , 11 . 4 per cent of the total number of aids cases were women .
trmm will be launched in 1997 on the h - ii launch vehicle , which is being developed by nasda .
telehealth was based on the core premise that there should be equitable access to quality health care .
operational software costs were minimized by modifying software previously developed for jsc ' s charge coupled device debris telescope .
space technology , such as large - scale geostationary satellite technology , has been progressing steadily .
in order for treaties to be legally binding , their must be approved by the president of the republic .
sross - c and sross - c2 were launched on 20 may 1992 and 4 may 1994 .
the flight by nasa and partners of more than two dozen missions through 1998 is part of the first phase of mtpe .
a number of projects will be selected from those already proposed by the participants for possible assistance .
being highly qualified in those three respects would have a positive impact on the performance of the applicant at the centre .
to designate the comptroller - general , on the nomination of the president of the republic .
as the year ended , the orbiter columbia was being prepared for delivery to palmdale for an omdp .
the principle of not failing to administer justice is due to a lacuna or deficiency in the law .
the fews programme provided only an indication , but not a sufficiently early indication of drought and their sequences .
japan ' s space station program has been making steady progress , with 63 percent of their development funds contracted out .
the service worked with other federal and state agencies to acquire aerial photography and digital orthophotography .
the most advanced forest management information systems are currently being used to improve the effectiveness of fire - suppression activities .
data obtained from a variety of instruments strategically deployed to observe the effects of the impacts will test the theoretical predictions .
in 1990 , 16 per cent of all graduates in the various specialized fields of engineering were women .
an estimated 9 million individuals in the united states telecommuted at least one or two days a week .
the development and implementation of safety and reliability improvements in fy 1994 was pursued by the space shuttle main engine program .
in 1990 , there were 703 ngos , 57 per cent of their in the department of lima .
total ozone mapping spectrometer ( toms ) is provided by the goddard space flight center of nasa .
the last stage of the titan launcher is usually disposed of by leaving their on a ballistic re - entry trajectory .
the reorganization process has involved extensive consultation with the employees of csa and all of the major canadian stakeholders in space activities .
rural and poor urban communities could be integrated into economic life and raise their income levels through information services .
in september 1994 , a london department store started selling the inmarsat - m briefcase satellite telephone .
ars researchers developed fluorescence techniques and a prototype fluorescent instrument to discriminate and quantify crop residue .
medicine sources : 1983 franke , 1985 ; 1990 flacso - peru , 1993 ; 1994 professional organizations .
the dependency on space - based observing systems was a direct result of the excellent spatial coverage provided by those systems .
the planned launches of more powerful satellites in the two series will enhance and extend the benefits of space technology .
the task team leader concept has improved shuttle processing , facilitated teamwork , minimized delays , and improved quality .
the relationship between access to information and level of income was strong and becoming stronger both within and among countries .
more than half the total number of members of congress must vote in favor of the motion .
several of the opportunities for cooperation could be very helpful in furthering the process of sustainable development .
it gets funding from the public treasury and international cooperation , as well as food projects sponsored by the latter .
many aid projects provided expensive technology to developing countries that could not sustain such systems after the initial project was concluded .
photographic prints could be ordered from vendors with specific enhancements already made to meet the requirements of a chosen application .
there are currently more than a dozen ngos working in the area of family planning at the national level .
this project collected over 93 , 000 avhrr scenes by the end of the fiscal year .
survey personnel helped plan for lander missions projected to take place between 1998 and 2005 .
in order to ensure transparency , votes are counted publicly in the presence of the representatives of the political parties .
after the proposal phase , system design was done for two alternatives : a scientific satellite and an earth observation satellite .
several can be flown in a constellation to replace or augment the functions of a larger multi - instrumented satellite .
esa and nasda have agreed to grant mutual access to data from jers - 1 and ers - 1 .
particular attention should be paid to the needs of developing countries and to strengthen their national remote sensing and geographic information system capacities .
the research council of zimbabwe established a subcommittee on remote sensing in an attempt to coordinate remote sensing activities in the country .
other participants had years of experience in remote sensing , satellite meteorology , and the use of databases such as gis .
the goals and issues involved are often different , so the development of small satellites will not replace that of large satellites .
the umbrella concept for typical management practices in the sector was presented as the geomanagement project .
the domestic violence act gives municipalities the responsibility for the establishment of temporary shelters for mistreated women .
other applications include flood disaster monitoring and assessment and the application of remote sensing and geographic information systems in matters of national security .
thailand has used one position at 78 . 5 degrees east , which co - located thaicom 1 and 2 .
a system that could address a large proportion of these radios seems to have the best chance of achieving a high penetration .
ersi is involved in capacity building , both in - house and within the existing and new - user community .
the ground segment would include a mission management centre , satellite control centres , a master ground station and local user stations .
a schools project is being run in association with the south african amateur radio satellite organization .
research on high - data - rate satellite communications systems using optical and millimetre - wave techniques .
active tuberculosis is found in no less than 25 per cent of aids sufferers at the time the disease is diagnosed .
nasa and noaa will develop the ground system , which will be operated in cooperation with the usgs .
the united states bureau of mines has directed its research to the development of applications to abandoned mine land areas .
one fry resulting from in - space fertilization hatched and survived , as did prefertilized eggs .
the male contingent in fields traditionally occupied by women , such as nursing and social work , has grown .
phase 1 of the international space station began after the flight of a cosmonaut in february 1994 .
geologists , engineers , industrialists and planners are now more likely to use remote sensing in the evaluation of hazard situations .
the mandate of the president is for five years ; their may be re - elected for an additional period .
such models can help interpret such varied phenomena as atmospheric turbulence , human population dynamics , and superconductivity .
conditions that influenced the implementation of a new course varied greatly between academic institutions , even those located within the same country .
feminism emerged after a movement which overturned established patterns in the arts , sex , politics and gender relations .
in 1989 and 1990 , the gphs - rtg operated successfully on the galileo and ulysses missions .
it has submitted proposals for the revision of the penal code , including the domestic violence and constitutional reform act .
m - v will weigh 130 tonnes and will be 2 . 5 metres in diameter and 30 metres in length .
the process of formulating the programme was a useful experiment involving nationwide consultation and participation of women ' s organizations .
modal survey tests and other structural evaluations have shown sunsat to be satisfactory for carriage on the delta iis .
sutherland was very well - placed to observe seven of the impacts , the weather was favorable , and all of their were recorded .
crew members will be able to conduct microgravity experiments in materials and life science in a shirt - sleeve environment .
loss of life and property are some of the critical factors that distinguish natural phenomena from natural disasters .
about 20 missions were approved or planned for the period from 1989 to 1996 , beginning with akebono in 1989 .
reaffirming their resolution 868 ( 1993 ) of 29 september 1993 on the security of united nations operations .
the participants were selected because of their work in programmes , projects and enterprises in which space technology could be utilized .
industrial workers , particularly in the textile industry , make up 7 . 4 per cent of the female eap .
their was set up in march 1990 at a meeting where the national programme for the advancement of women was adopted .
women have a better understanding of and involvement in issues relating to their reproductive health .
the device was used during the second and third seawifs round robins in june 1993 and september 1994 .
there are opportunities for canadian astronauts on the united states space shuttle and preparation of related experiments .
analysts used landsat tm data to classify land use on several indian reservations for forestry and wildlife management applications .
works on the subject of women as part of the population affected by the violence prevailing in the country .
in many such projects , remote sensing was used as a tool to acquire information related to damage caused by insects .
these activities will reduce costs for acquiring remotely sensed data and increase the consistency of the resulting maps of these resources .
students working on that project were especially concerned with minimizing costs and keeping the infrastructure as simple as possible .
the highest authority of the national electoral board is the plenary , which is composed of five members .
over the past few years telecommunications costs have gone up to the current level of us $ 4 million annually .
jsass formed the committee on space debris prevention design standards in 1993 at the request of nasda .
almost 60 per cent of recent cases of sexual transmission of hiv were between people who are exclusively heterosexual .
the regionalization of the country , mandated by the 1979 constitution , was an ephemeral process .
the higher proportion of economically active women seems to be associated with an increase in their educational levels .
this is stated in the final portion of act no . 4239 of 26 march 1921 .
representatives of the public prosecutor perform a supervisory function by visiting police stations to investigate complaints about violence against women .
the illiteracy rate among women dropped by 7 . 8 per cent from 1981 to 1993 .
remuneration gives their a standard of living appropriate to their responsibility and seniority .
no authority can assume jurisdiction in cases pending before a jurisdictional organ or interfere in the exercise of their functions .
it was noted that the sector of environmental resource management involved a well - defined user management .
nist has compiled a data base of global source and ambient isotropic measurements to serve these needs .
percentage of women among university graduates in engineering branches is determined by field of specialization field of 1979 / 80 1989 / 90 .
requests for satellite imagery and associated products could be made to a number of vendors , including satellitbild .
male infant mortality was 15 per cent higher than that of females , while male child mortality was 8 per cent higher .
in 1963 the national aerospace laboratory was renamed because it was charged with the additional task of conducting research in space technology .
expectations have given rise to expectations for women and men to work together to achieve equality , peace and development .
visible , near - infrared and short - wave infrared images have shown significant environmental damage as a result of deforestation .
space science is a valuable contributor to the advancement of technology , particularly in the area of data processing .
this shows that domestic human rights legislation has been working to strengthen and consolidate the protection of human rights .
the president of the republic and the members of congress have the right of initiative in the creation of laws .
astronomers will be able to understand the chemical composition of the debris and learn more about the type of star that exploded .
the legal relationship with the spouse appears to affect the woman ' s decision on whether to complain of abuse .
similar measurements of many other systems will be needed before scientists can determine whether the universe is open or closed .
almost 50 per cent of primary school students are girls , and 40 per cent of students at the university are young women .
it is necessary in peru to gain a better understanding of the lives of women engaged in informal trade and production .
one member is elected by secret ballot by the supreme court from among their judges , either retired or serving .
significant efforts are underway at the federal and agency levels and within mtpe to coordinate and convey program results more effectively .
risk factors include low wages , minimal acknowledgement , 15 - day vacations , and lack of time for personal matters .
in june 1994 , women made up 9 . 5 per cent of the operational staff of the national police .
a new subcommittee on small satellites for developing nations was created under the auspices of the committee .
both the present act and its predecessor do not mention the sex of citizens or individuals involved in administrative proceedings .
among young people the situation is different : both sexes have educational averages amounting to 10 or 11 years of study .
the academic interests of the participants and current national development issues in their countries of origin were reflected in the choice of projects .
most of the aggressors had not consumed alcohol or drugs at the time of their actions .
justices of the peace are appointed on the basis of a popular election , organized in accordance with the law .
the first astrid was launched in january 1995 from the cosmodrome at plesetsk on a cosmos launcher .
this is feasible as a function of internal displacement , where the problems of ethnic and cultural marginalization are relatively minor .
where necessary , the programme would provide software modules and possibly hardware components so that the data could be fully utilized .
insat - 2e , with advanced meteorological payloads in addition to communication payloads , is also being developed .
active participation by the church and private business has been an important factor in social development .
the satellite communications industry has recently developed a concept using millimetre wave frequencies as a practical bandwidth for communications satellites .
the launcher may leave in orbit a maximum of one inert object ( debris ) per satellite launched .
all of the enhancements have been specified in support of the first international space station assembly flight scheduled for december 1997 .
as the orientation of the target relative to the radar changes , the rcs varies dramatically at such a high frequency .
peru has a coastline of 3 , 079 . 5 kilometres and is bounded to the west by the pacific ocean .
those bodies have been using meteorological , geodetic and aeronautical satellites , and accumulating knowledge about their use .
the limits of security mechanisms include peasant self - defence patrols coordinated with the armed forces .
damage to living cells as an effect of the natural space environment was shown in the iml - 2 studies of radiation biology .
since a single observation gives the variation seen from one direction , we need to interpret many observations in a statistical manner .
their are expanding just as the state ' s efforts are being restricted and external resources are being received from international cooperation .
it established an alliance with drug traffickers in the central huallaga valley , where their was heavily implanted .
the statement made by the office for outer space affairs in that connection is contained in annex i to the present report .
the system will consist of a multi - purpose platform ( service module ) , payload module and an associated ground segment .
they were heavily involved in activities promoted or supported by ngos , the ministry of health , municipalities or their own communities .
the telecentres would be located in a central village and offer a range of services depending on local needs .
the first wave of members entered university in the 1970s and were influenced by utopian visions of revolution and social change .
some of the recommendations presented in the report have been followed up by two newly formed jsass study groups .
small satellites can be used independently to fulfill the function of specific payload instruments when applied to earth observation missions .
in october 1993 , the program developed an initial set of specifications , including russian elements as part of the design .
the future of the participating scholars in their own countries upon completion of their studies at the centres is of equal importance .
radarsat will map the world , collecting all - weather data of particular value over ice and oceans .
space technology curricula relating to national programmes for sustainable development in developing countries should be introduced through universities .
to enacted laws and legislative decrees , and to interpret , amend or repeal existing laws and decrees .
the ability to adapt existing hardware readily and cheaply will be a valuable economic asset for both manufacturer and user .
the supreme court , the highest body of the judicial branch , counts two women out of a total of 24 members .
the malaysian meteorological service used a ground - based synoptic observation network to monitor weather , atmospheric and environmental conditions .
an extensive study on the technical and economical feasibility of space debris mitigation measures has been conducted .
those aimed at protecting mothers are some of the special measures that may be applied in the area of women ' s rights .
the le - 7 engine is powered by the liquid oxygen turbopump developed at the kakuda research centre .
the advantage of this type of antenna is that it can observe different directions almost simultaneously by electronically switching multiple antenna beams .
this figure represents 22 . 3 per cent of the registered population , 1 . 1 per cent of whom are aliens .
trsc publishes two quarterly newsletters for dissemination of information to users , one in thai and the other in english .
sunsat will be a secondary payload on the delta ii argos / p91 - 1 mission .
in many cases , just one destructive episode was enough to destroy the social and economic infrastructure , including the communications network .
they used the brightest galaxies to measure the distances and velocities of 119 clusters , creating the cluster reference frame .
satellite images have been used for crop acreage surveys and mapping as well as agricultural planning in the field of agriculture .
ami wind vectors are disseminated operationally through the global telecommunication system , like the ers sar wave data .
their timely reports help to mobilize experts , supplies and equipment during the crucial 24 - 72 hours after a disaster .
satellite data came in as computer compatible tapes in the diplomatic baggage of the technical personnel from donor countries .
it is possible to receive information directly from a satellite or for messages to be passed via cellular networks .
the production of high - quality prints of the digitally enhanced images would require access to large - format printers .
germp is part of the environmental action plan prepared by the ghana environmental protection agency .
the main goal of the symposium was to promote the use of space technology to improve living and economic conditions in developing countries .
ground segment costs of up to 50 per cent of total programme costs could be a result of more complex data retrieval and processing requirements .
although drinking water coverage has expanded , rural areas still experience major shortages of water supply and drainage services .
several projects using remote sensing in north america were related to monitoring forest damage caused by forest fires and insect infestations .
nal has strong ties with nasda , with which their conducts various experiments required for the development of space technology .
the platform will be capable of receiving , integrating , operating and carrying on board a payload module by means of standard interfaces .
to conduct experiments on the relay of earth observation data using data relay satellites to form a global observation network .
it was suggested that a future un / iaf workshop might focus on that matter and make recommendations to reduce those problems .
japan will develop the precipitation radar to be carried by the satellite , which it will launch using an h - ii rocket .
transnet , the communications unit of the public railway utility , will use this system for their own communications .
direct dial services are established not only via satellite but also through submarine cables routed through the territory of the syrian arab republic .
the media play a big part in highlighting a country ' s plight , which can help to expedite external assistance .
in addition to the visible channel and the infrared channel , a water vapour channel has been newly introduced .
their went upward as high as 100 kilometers and even reached through the earth ' s ozone layer to the ionosphere .
the report of the secretary - general dated 13 may 1994 ( s / 1994 / 565 ) was welcomed .
satellite data is supplied via computer compatible tapes ( ccts ) , paper print and film , in accordance with user requirements .
the ombudsman submits a report to congress once a year or whenever the latter so requests .
their is difficult to determine the number of women affected by rape .
the birth registry free of charge during an initial period of 24 hours will be effected by the district registry responsible for the register .
the principle whereby no defendant can be deprived of the right of defence at any stage of the proceedings .
other students from various universities get part of their education at isas by working under the guidance of isas staff .
as the fiscal year ended researchers were looking at data about ida ' s moon to learn how both bodies were formed .
astronomers have begun to look at large volumes of space to search for structure and flows on even larger scales .
galaxy 1r ( s ) , launched on february 19 , 1994 , will provide video services into the next decade .
provided their conduct and ability are in line with their office , permanency of tenure .
nevertheless , threats to and harm suffered by women remain a fact of daily life and call for appropriate application of regulations .
the analysis focused on impact sites with features greater than 1 . 2mm on the 20 m2 array area .
the program allows interactive searching of a database to find and identify image frames that correspond to a geographic region of interest .
the president of the council of ministers , who may be a minister without portfolio , has the following responsibilities .
the president of the council of ministers may introduce a motion of confidence to congress on behalf of the council .
the resulting multi - resolution land characteristics monitoring system will be important for understanding the dynamics of the earth as a system .
if in office , the judge is granted leave of absence and it is and who presides over the board .
19 of every 100 women aged 15 or over have reached higher educational levels , while 18 have never attended school .
terrorist violence and the aggravation of the economic crisis are two factors which have had a direct influence .
over 400 local leaders were the victims of the actions of the sendero luminoso during this period .
according to the most recent figures from the ministry of education , the downward trend was reversed in 1993 .
payment of remuneration and social benefits to the worker will take priority over all the employer ' s other obligations .
unfortunately , there are very few women ambassadors : from 1980 to the present , only four women have occupied such posts .
all participants would have liked more time to be devoted to practical exercises in remote sensing and geographic information systems .
the state will promote social and economic progress through policies to foster productive employment and vocational training .
this occurs naturally in the case of tree trunks standing in swampy , water - logged areas .
over the past four decades total production and per capita production have not increased much in the economic sphere .
the percentage of persons of working age went up from 51 . 8 in 1970 to 58 . 6 in 1990 .
to exercise such other functions of government and administration as the constitution and laws may entrust to him .
he may propose measures to facilitate the more effective performance of their functions and take the initiative in the creation of laws .
the community centres for life and peace ( cc vipaz ) are located in marginalized urban and rural areas .
for many years , pilots have noticed these bright blue and red flashes that last only a few thousandths of a second .
the slight recovery in 1994 was probably due to fewer sulfuric acid particles remaining from the eruption of mount pinatubo .
basic research on liquid - hydrogen and liquid - oxygen engines was started in 1975 , and several research facilities have been constructed .
however , their was stated that private sector involvement in space technology applications was still not negligible in most developing countries .
there are 27 cc vipaz nationwide , 14 of their in lima - callao and the rest throughout the country .
these disturbances resemble weather patterns , but show that the upper atmosphere responds to processes arising at the surface of the earth .
during launch and initial orbit phases , a large - capacity computing system facilitates various types of analyses and real - time data processing .
a preliminary structure of tubsat - c has already been manufactured and is being used for three - axis air bearing experiments .
a united nations workshop on space technology is a tool for cleaning up and rehabilitating the environment .
not every country needed a space agency , even though national space coordinating bodies were needed at senior levels to set policy .
full analysis of the data combined with model calculations will help us understand the chemistry and processes of midlatitudes .
pathfinders are a recent application of earth - science and other data sets , developed specifically to study global environmental change .
the nature of the latter is not clear , but their is believed to include explosions caused by hypervelocity impacts .
developing a moderately complex design in a university environment should allow professors and students to get the experience necessary for more complex projects .
three panel discussions preceded open discussion sessions where participants interacted , providing information , comments , questions , recommendations and suggestions .
also , uncertainty in measurements of the mass of ngc 507 suggest that a large amount of dark matter may be present .
the administrative procedures - general regulations act was adopted in 1994 to replace an earlier regulation that had been in force since 1967 .
no person can be diverted from the jurisdiction predetermined by law or subjected to proceedings other than those previously established .
the most activity doesn ' t interfere with the primary mission of relaying commands to and data from scientific spacecraft .
it was emphasized that national aid agencies should increase the use of satellite data in projects funded by their .
the names of all course participants have been put on the esa mailing list to receive the earth observation quarterly .
since the late 1980s , these organizations have been the conduit for funds from international technical cooperation and from the state .
the spatial and spectral analysis from landsat ' s scanners can detect problems before their become visible to vintners .
in other planetary exploration , the magellan spacecraft , launched in may 1989 , found that venus is still geologically active .
because of recent developments in information technology , improved access to education , health care and environmental information was increasingly available to developing countries .
this is a previously unknown asymmetry and indicates the air - sea heat exchange is much stronger in the northern hemisphere .
they work with financial institutions through revolving funds , guarantee funds or lines of credit provided by the system to ngos to administer .
in the event of doubt or conflict between criminal laws , the application of the law most favorable to the defendant .
esa and nasa collaborated on a design - to - cost exercise on the cof , coordinating the technical and management changes closely with nasa .
last stage separations must be clean and explosive bolts and clamps must be trapped to avoid operational debris .
indiscriminate terrorist violence in peru has taken a tragic toll on over 27 , 000 human lives .
a significant portion of gro data would have been lost due to the failure of a tape recorder on the spacecraft .
nasa made significant progress in measuring , modeling , and mitigating the orbital - debris environment during fy 1994 .
a lot of the proposals and awards involved using the internet to make environmental information more readily available for educational purposes .
around 600 , 000 people , or 120 , 000 families , were forced to migrate from 1983 to 1992 .
geographic information systems were used to perform spatial analyses and to produce risk maps in all of those projects .
to convene congress as an extraordinary legislature and sign the convocation decree .
sample results show that water evaporation rates in the boreal ( northern ) forests of central canada are very low .
in particular , it details plans for a number of projects of regional interest and scope which were elaborated by the participants themselves .
the others are solid rocket motors and have little ability to maneuver with attitude control system after payload separation .
act no 26260 , adopted in december 1993 , approved the state and national policy regulations on domestic violence .
canada is a partner in a multinational effort to support research into semiconductor and oxide materials using the floating zone process .
women as a group are better educated ; girls are able to attend school on an equal footing with boys .
c . hadfield was the first canadian to be in a spaceship of the russian federation and the first mission specialist .
industry participation and sufficient infrastructure were mentioned as areas of vital importance in the successful integration of space projects into national programmes .
the number of women in urban areas is more than 7 , 852 , 110 , or 70 per cent of the total .
the long - term goals of the new subcommittee are to promote the use of small satellites for the benefit of developing countries .
numerical simulations showed that the magnitude of rcs variation can be seen in terms of the prolateness of the object .
it is interesting that many of these models rely on the large debris population for the basis of their definition .
the number of members increased because of the growing number of projects aimed at women and at women ' s grass - roots organizations .
fernando belaunde terry was elected president and a total of 60 senators and 180 deputies were elected for the whole country .
if support services for health care and education were to be met , regulatory , legal and political issues must be addressed and resolved .
as the fiscal year ended , previous calculations were being refined in collaboration with a variety of radio and optical observers and investigators .
the programme of the training course was developed by the united nations in consultation with the european space agency .
the disparity between women living in lima and those in rural areas is smaller today than it was ten years ago .
in addition , it established the national human rights committee as a coordination and monitoring body within the ministry of the interior .
space science should continue to play a vital role , as even a modest investment in that area could pay big dividends .
monitoring of the behavior of a fluid configuration called liquid bridge in microgravity conditions is the main experiment on the satellite .
the 1 m accuracy of the models created by ers - 1 data is not equivalent to other space - based techniques .
the vitasat global electronic messaging network is a satellite - based communications system for commercial , government and non - profit users around the world .
while the levels of technical ability and understanding of technology of local personnel are steadily increasing , the main problem is lack of funds .
even from the most remote areas , such equipment can play a vital role in providing or improving the monitoring and early warning functions .
recommendations were made on how to convince policy and decision makers in developing countries that space systems can contribute to social and economic security .
a series of presentations on relevant space application fields by experts from both developed and developing countries were featured in the workshop .
since 1986 , a programme for enhancing rainfall through cloud - seeding from the ground with silver iodide has been implemented .
by exploring new methods and techniques , small satellites can be a tool for pioneer experiments and technologies for future missions involving larger satellites .
astronomy has a natural appeal to the young , and can have a positive effect on stimulating an interest in science and technology .
in a study of flood effects in petra , satellite images and gis are used to establish a model for flood hazard zoning .
the quality of the dome seeing in the building with the 1 . 0 - metre telescope has been improved as a result .
cooperation between south - south and north - south in matters related to ers data should be promoted and strengthened .
the deep space operation centre at the isas main campus at sagamihara , kanagawa , can control the facilities .
it has been estimated that there are over two billion radios in use , with nearly half of those being in the developing countries .
in accordance with the basic principles of its space development policy , japan is very important to international cooperation in their space activities .
e . jordan jordan has submitted a proposal to host the centre for space science and technology education to be established in western asia .
fifty - nine per cent of married women of fertile age use some type of contraceptive .
disciplinary penalties imposed by congress on representatives that involve suspension from office may not exceed 120 days of the term of the legislature .
a report summarizing this information will be made available to both member states and non - member states .
nal established its rocket division in 1963 and its kakuda research centre in 1966 to allow research on a broader scale .
that community required specific tools and data types for a wide variety of activities , from data acquisition to decision - making and control .
rtg ' s have shown the flexibility and ability to operate beyond specified mission lifetimes demanded by a variety of space missions .
it will study the martian upper atmosphere , especially its interaction with the solar wind , and will be injected into its interaction around mars .
addresses were given at the opening ceremony by the president of stockholm university and the representative of the office for outer space affairs .
the access of women to the posts of director general and executive director increased marginally from 1983 to 1987 - 1988 .
these satellites will have better spatial and spectral resolutions than the present irs satellites , stereo viewing capability and on - board recording facilities .
a progress report on the establishment of the centres was prepared in early 1992 .
about 10 per cent of the members of the armed forces are women , but they are not assigned to armed interventions .
the project is funded at a minimal level by a group of electronics companies in south africa and the foundation for research development .
sira are building on experience gained in previous feasibility studies to contribute to the commission of a 1 m esa telescope .
strongly urging all parties to cease any incitement , especially through the mass media , to violence or ethnic hatred .
trsc has cooperated with agencies in other countries and with international organizations as well as working with the relevant agencies in thailand .
these interacting binary systems reveal a variety of astrophysical phenomena , depending on the strength of the magnetic field of the white dwarf .
amateur satellites of the uosat series are able to transmit images of the surface of earth , as well as meteorological data .
the ultimate criterion of its success will be the extent to which remote sensing will have contributed to the quality of life on earth .
cosmological studies at saao have continued mainly by measuring the line - of - sight velocities of galaxies .
a major canadian initiative , which would have a significant impact on global resource management , land use and vegetation monitoring , was discussed .
the third test flight was used to launch gms - 5 and the space flyer unit in march 1995 .
in 1990 it fostered a debate on the situation of women with candidates for parliamentary elections from the major political parties .
according to the preliminary findings of the census held in july 1993 , the population was 22 , 639 , 443 .
one third of the total female population lives in rural areas , which are centered in the sierra region and the jungle .
the backbone system would be based on 64 channels , each of which would have a capacity of 384 kb / s .
an effort is currently being made in japan to decrease the life of the second stage of the h - ii launcher .
the ombudsman is autonomous , and public bodies are obliged to collaborate with their whenever he so requests .
alan garcia perez was elected president for the 1985 - 1990 period , along with 60 senators , and 180 deputies .
an updated project document ( a / ac . 105 / 534 ) on the same subject was issued in january 1993 .
hubble will see more deeply into the interior of the exploding star as the m51 supernova ages .
19 private associations , many of which work exclusively with women or have programmes of work involving women , make up 19 private associations .
their was noted that a number of regional and international organizations and agencies offered various training programmes , given the importance of training .
congress may not be dissolved under a state of siege because there are no other means of revoking the parliamentary mandate .
the first few flights of gslv will use the stage supplied by glavkosmos .
current and future satellite systems could help correct the knowledge imbalance that existed in many parts of the world .
the ministry of labour and social advancement is responsible for carrying out special employment programmes in the various employment categories .
in 1988 the first national assembly of rural women was held and was attended by about 50 women from all over the country .
all ambulatory occupations are carried out in public places , except in kiosks and fixed stands .
in image mode , the sar instrument acquires strips of images 100 km in width to the right of the satellite track .
the objectives were to evaluate the need for action and to indicate ways to reduce the hazards posed by such debris .
this shows that there is an alarming number of unwanted children , around 56 per cent of births from 1987 to 1991 .
in 1989 , 43 abortions were performed for every 100 live births , or 271 , 000 abortions in the year .
the present document was prepared by the secretariat on the basis of information received from member states as of 31 october 1995 .
during the course of the symposium participants emphasized the importance of space technology in improving human conditions in developing countries .
the need for improved access to inexpensive remote sensing data in a standardized format on a continuous basis was stressed .
as the need arose , such a gis capability allowed maps to be tailor - made according to their proposed end - uses .
action plans for the development of other areas in 174 districts all over the country , identified under imsd , are being generated .
the phenomenon of extreme violence has had serious repercussions for the population in general and for women in particular .
there is a lack of protection by labour legislation such as regulations on working hours , wages , social security and occupational health standards .
women are not allowed to engage in underground , mining and quarry work according to articles 12 and 17 of the supreme decree of 25 june 1921 .
in all cases , the engines are burned to depletion to prevent stored energy from inducing overpressure explosions .
the armed forces and national police can ' t enter the premises of congress without the authorization of the president of congress .
nasa has been studying how a requirement to de - orbit objects might be implemented in a cost - effective manner .
in the high courts women make up 20 per cent and have a greater impact by serving as judges than presidents or magistrates .
t . takano and his group at isas studied space debris monitoring by a bistatic radar system .
a main need is adequate access to the radar images which have been collected by the ers station at libreville .
in order to better accomplish those ends , the president of csa has recently begun a process of reorganizing the agency .
non - governmental organizations should be involved in the application of space technology to various economic sectors where savings could be made .
in a separate development , researchers from the university of alaska in fairbanks recorded spectacular upper atmospheric flashes occurring above electrical thunderstorms .
the airborne observations revealed a rich horizontal structure in sporadic sodium layers observed in conjunction with substantial increases in theirsopause temperature .
the working groups made a number of recommendations which aim at enhancing the use of ers data by countries within the region .
when fires had been suppressed , the fs used satellite imagery to map and assess changes in the landscape caused by the fires .
the fragmentation of the second stage of delta - 111 on 1 may 1991 , after 16 years in the sky , supports this conclusion .
apscc was established to address a number of concerns within the asia - pacific region , among which are the following needs .
intelsat will discourage manufacturers of their spacecraft from using designs that jettison spacecraft parts , especially near gso .
the electoral system is made up of the national electoral board , national electoral procedures office and the national identity and civil status registry .
the submillimeter - wave astronomy satellite ( swas ) is going to be launched on a pegasus rocket in 1995 or 1996 .
this situation will be reversed after the year 2000 , when the majority of the population will be over 15 years of age .
the representative of bits gave an overview of swedish aid policy , and gave some insight into the restructuring of swedish aid organizations .
the departments with the most displaced persons are ayacucho , huancavelica , apurimac and junin .
the electoral rolls were supplemented by over half a million illiterates and a similar number of young women .
to contribute to domestic and international cooperation by carrying announcement - of - opportunity sensors developed by domestic and foreign organizations .
the skynet family of geosynchronous communications satellites controlled by the united kingdom have the following operational requirements .
now , bodies that lacked human rights committees organize programmes on human rights defence policies and machinery as a way of improving social harmony .
to approve the designation of the president of the central reserve bank and of the superintendent of banking and insurance .
nasa scientists are excited to have multispectral surface data covering 11 colors in the visible and infrared spectra .
in july 1964 , sta set up the national space development centre to serve as the primary promoter of space activities in japan .
it carried out raid in the central sierra region and lima .
block ii contains the block i improvements and adds the alternate high pressure fuel turbopump and the large throat main combustion chamber .
the flora tristan centre for peruvian women was established in 1988 and comprises ngos working in this field .
interactive satellite transmission technology was one of the most reliable ways of conveying health knowledge to medical workers in rural areas .
planet - b is the first japanese mars mission and is scheduled to be launched in 1998 by the m - v - 3 vehicle .
impact calibration tests are required to study the response of unique array materials to hypervelocity impact .
at low altitudes , it measured less debris than predicted , which was good news for the international space station .
the strength of such large - scale flows can be seen in models that explain the creation of galaxies and clusters in the early universe .
in general , the data within a gis was of four generic types , namely , points , lines , tables and areas .
a detailed financial plan is being offered by each country that will ensure the long - term sustainability of the centre .
in addition , the 701 transmits three television channels at a time , instead of two channels transmitted by intelsat 501 .
three projects offer the promise of developing direct digital mammography systems with high resolution and a wide field of view .
it was agreed that the workshop would help to increase awareness of the status and possibilities of applications of space technology in developing countries .
noaa is responsible for the operations , including command and control , data receipt , and product generation and distribution for the satellites .
nasa designed the lmmt to be housed in a grain silo purchased on the commercial market to reduce construction costs .
noaa and nasa have been leading this effort with contributions from nsf , epa , the state department , and other agencies .
to promote educational programmes aimed at illiterate women in rural areas and offer them technical careers connected with farming activities .
much has been published on the results from the ldef spacecraft , which includes the results obtained from this canadian experiment .
a successful follow - on to the spacebridge to armenia in 1988 was achieved thanks to remote aid in diagnosing patients under this project .
there are about 80 , 000 provisions in all , so their ' s difficult to carry out an exhaustive analysis of administrative legislation .
involvement in this type of production or income generation project has been increasing over the last decade and has now become an area of priority .
the displaced population is marked by having been uprooted and having experienced extreme poverty and racial and cultural marginalization .
to respond to that query , the needed data must include soils , rainfall , surface slope and road , rail and river networks .
many ecosystem management applications continued to be addressed by fs research and development of airborne video , digital cameras , radar , and gps systems .
ldef : one of the experiments aboard the long duration exposure facility was provided by canadian investigators from the university of toronto .
several rural exercises validated the various scientific recommendations made on the basis of analyses of remote sensing data .
this report showed statistics on women in the eap who hold managerial and administrative posts in peruvian enterprises .
the solar - terrestrial science programme addresses the effects of solar ultraviolet and plasma emissions on the atmosphere and the magnetic field of the earth .
the japanese space agency , nasda , is promoting the development of data analysis technology for a variety of applications , including natural disaster reduction .
the success of the campaigns is dependent on the input of data from an observatory in the southern hemisphere at the longitude of saao .
in february 1994 , the phase i activity officially began when sergei krikalev became the first russian to fly on the space shuttle .
important fields of research on the basic technology for such a plane include atmospheric forces , structures , guidance control and engines .
the first block i certification engine , which contained the second oxidizer turbopump certification unit , began testing in october 1994 .
china prepared a memorandum of understanding for the project , which was to be signed by the four countries concerned by the end of 1995 .
field workers in their vehicles or trucks carrying relief supplies often become immobilized due to local conditions immediately following a disaster .
at the end of the study , the study was prepared using a variety of national and international sources that are listed in the selected bibliography .
telehealth has been successfully used for pathology , radiology , magnetic resonance imaging , cardiology and further medical consultations .
the smms project has been progressing , and details of cooperation were discussed during conferences held in bangkok in 1994 and islamabad in 1995 .
their included health - care delivery , diagnosis , consultation , treatment , communication of data and education of both the doctor and the patient .
nasa and the national cancer institute will apply the imaging technology used in hst and elsewhere to the diagnosis and treatment of breast cancer .
gdos is a modified version of wedos , which facilitates the location of disasters and is capable of repeatedly observing a disaster site .
cooperation is essential to the implementation of csp , as it promotes the sharing of costs and risk in carrying out programmes and activities .
the first cooperative activity was the workshop on application of remote sensing and geographic information systems for natural resources management , held in vientiane .
construction of the flight model of sunsat will be accelerated to meet the may 1996 launch date , if required .
developing countries should place a higher priority on active participation in and application of space technology in the fields of health care and education .
space science activities are valuable , and most space - faring nations have begun their involvement in this field with small scientific satellites .
the issues related to the use of space technologies to prevent and combat the effects of natural disasters were discussed at the latter .
a project has been undertaken to select seven sites for potential dam construction in different areas in jordan in collaboration with the jordan valley authority .
in 1987 ersi was established as a service centre to spearhead advances in the use of remote sensing and geographic information system technology .
aids cases occur in girls aged less than five as a result of perinatal transmission and transmission through the bloodstream .
whereas infants make up 33 per cent of the population in urban areas , in rural areas 44 per cent of the women are girls .
the educational profile of women is marked by contrasts , with both university training and illiteracy existing side by side .
the situation of women in the agricultural sector in relation to credit acquisition has been discussed in connection with article 13 of the convention .
nasa has begun efforts to identify , develop , and baseline shuttle performance enhancements to support the international space station mission requirements .
housewives or homemakers are regarded as independent workers under the law , according to act no . 24705 .
both satellites are equipped with microwave ( radar ) instrumentation which penetrates cloud cover and darkness and provides information 24 hours a day .
any decision by the council of ministers requires the approval of the majority of their members and must be placed on record .
this revelation indicates that the formation of planets may be common both in the milky way and in other parts of the universe .
according to another nationwide study done in 1985 , abortion was the second most frequent cause of maternal mortality .
the educational status of women as a group , and in comparison with men , has improved over the course of this decade .
each centre should foster continuing education programmes for its graduates and awareness programmes for policy and decision makers , as well as for the general public .
a solid rocket motor was used to raise a satellite payload to a high orbit after deployment from the shuttle .
after coordinating their measurements with scientists at other institutions , the researchers came to suspect that the flashes are a form of electrical discharge .
objects as small as 20 cm at geostationary altitude are theoretically observable with this crl optical observation system .
in 1993 , when many important captures were made , the proportion increased to around 33 per cent .
the law will establish the forms of coordination of this special jurisdiction with the magistrates ' court and other instances of judicial authority .
sixty per cent of women in urban areas use modern techniques , compared to 38 per cent in rural areas .
over 110 completed applications were subsequently received and processed by the office for outer space affairs of the united nations and stockholm university .
the third developmental launch of pslv ( pslv - d3 ) is planned for the first quarter of 1996 .
it distributed the maps to usda decisionmakers and various state statistical offices to aid in assessments of crop conditions .
for this purpose , it develops and operates sounding rockets , satellite launchers , scientific satellites , planetary probes and scientific balloons .
after delivering the satellites to orbit , active elements such as batteries or tanks containing residual propellant must reach a fully inert state .
the principle of non - applicability is based on the analogy of the criminal law and of provisions which restrict rights .
this was the third sao - developed tether launched within the past year , each on time and with an increasingly ambitious goal .
products from the first three areas were mainly based on landsat - 5 tm and spot multispectral scanner data .
efforts began to transition redesigned solid rocket motor nozzle production from utah to the former advanced solid rocket motor site in northeast mississippi .
drop - out rates at the primary and secondary school levels were 3 . 5 and 5 per cent in 1993 .
most of them ( 56 per cent ) rely on modern methods , while the rest choose traditional methods .
from that time on , our population ' s relative growth rate fell , falling to 2 . 1 per cent in 1990 .
according to 1981 estimates , this sector represented 60 per cent of the urban labour force , and by 1990 it had grown further .
the amount of the allowance is 25 per cent of the monthly minimum wage for metropolitan lima .
of 822 professionals working in ngos on projects to support rural women , 36 . 5 per cent are women .
these indicators have not yet been fully developed and are qualitative rather than quantitative .
the main limitation of this technique is that the same object has to be monitored for a long duration in order to detect orbital decay .
the national biological survey , now one year old , has continued a wide variety of remote sensing projects that were transferred from other doi bureaus .
national and regional institutions should be invited to take part in the demonstration studies of ers data from the libreville station .
a new type of leadership has arisen because of the administrative and managerial experience and negotiating skills acquired by women in grass - roots organizations .
information on health , remote sensing and geographic information systems was very useful , and every institution that is interested in such information should have access to their .
in july 1995 jsass and nasda will start the preliminary studies on a geo satellite to detect space debris in geo .
women are much less involved in the production sectors because the entrepreneurial activities carried out by women are basically trade - oriented .
over the past 12 years , at least 120 , 000 families ( approximately 600 , 000 individuals ) have been displaced .
the committee on earth observation satellites ( ceos ) would be the appropriate forum in which to discuss those issues .
two fellowships in remote sensing information systems can be found at the european space research institute , frascati , italy .
in addition , organized into peasant ' s patrols , they have also taken part in the defence of their communities .
it is used in the measurement of cloud cover , aerosols , vegetation , atmospheric water vapour and liquid water content .
the 1993 constitution states in article 23 that the state shall provide special protection to mothers .
special emphasis was placed on improving communications networks for remote and rural areas of developing countries through the use of satellite - based communications services .
compared with 1983 , this is an improvement in women ' s involvement in these professions , which have traditionally been the province of men .
to date , the program has produced 12 , 000 kilograms of space station hardware , which is about 1 , 000 kilograms more than projected .
the red shift of the lines shows that they were emitted when the universe was about one - fifth of their present age .
india today has a well - integrated and self - supporting space programme which is providing important services to society .
the program will provide baseline digital data about the composition and distribution of vegetation to support the national park service inventory and monitoring program .
once treaties have been approved by congress , where the law requires , their must be approved by the president of the republic .
the highest death toll for the civilian population was from 1984 to 1985 , and 13 per cent were women .
to establish a legal framework guaranteeing the integration , stability and job promotion of both sexes under conditions of equality of opportunity .
the first terrorist action by " sendero luminoso " appeared at the same time as the new democratic regime .
fruit flies exposed to microgravity exhibited hyperactivity compared to control specimens on earth , indicating an accelerated aging process in space .
one of the most important solutions was the continued availability of satellite systems in support of social , economic and environmental development .
it was planned that the proposed course would alternate with the current introductory course during successive years .
in order to maximize their potential , small launcher developers must apply the same innovative , low - cost design approach used on small satellites .
in 1973 a small group of middle - class women founded alimuper - action for the liberation of peruvian women .
a structured approach to programme formulation which took into account the specific constraints imposed on and opportunities available at a given institution was necessary .
improvements in women ' s employment have been affected by the peruvian economy and the crisis that began in the mid - 1970s .
risk factors include noise , vibrations , defective machinery , uncomfortable positions , rapid pace , cotton and synthetic fibre particles and harmful chemical substances .
the gms - 5 has been equipped with search and rescue instrumentation for relay of distress signals on an experimental basis .
the legal and social counselling services of feminist ngos , which number no more than three in lima , are the main number for assistance .
one member is elected by secret ballot by the deans of the law faculties of private universities from former deans .
nasa scientists made exciting new strides in lunar studies while working on the department of defense ( dod ) - sponsored clementine mission .
there have been several successful efforts among international funding agencies to study possible applications of telecommunications technology and to implement projects in developing countries .
in sections ii and iii , an analysis of the course evaluation as well as the plan for follow - up action are presented .
landsat data applications support programs such as global change research , coastal zone monitoring , timber management , regional planning , and environmental monitoring .
insat - 2c , which was successfully launched on 6 december 1995 , will provide additional services , including mobile and business communications .
in terms of urban unemployment , the impact of the economic crisis and structural adjustment has been worse for men than for women .
the united nations and other international organizations could influence policies leading to the development of telehealth and distance education systems where needed .
eighty - three per cent of the complaints are aged 20 to 39 and 69 per cent are from lower income groups .
to sum up , the breakdown of illiterates by sex shows that illiteracy is still a problem among women .
women who are minor are not allowed to work on sundays and public holidays except if employed in the following occupations .
previous symposia and workshops in the series have been held in austria , canada , israel and the united states of america .
the present report includes descriptions of the organization of the training course , as well as recommendations for follow - up action .
python has made measurements at the south pole over the past two austral summers and has now been operated for the first time during the winter .
to make progress in further benefiting from such potential , solutions had to be found to several policy issues and their related technical challenges .
although scientists previously believed that natural satellites of asteroids were widespread , their now contend that such moons may be more widespread than previously considered .
it was anticipated that in the near future , the panamazonia project would provide data on the exploitation of mineral resources .
the organization of the training course , its technical contents , and the projects undertaken by the participants during the course are described in the present report .
the launch went fine , but operators lost contact with the satellite after their spun as it passed over the indian ocean .
piggyback launches may be used , offering flexibility in the selection of the orbit parameters , and small launch vehicles may also be used .
the recurrent orbit earth observation satellite project of japan gives an example of a small satellite that is being used for remote sensing purposes .
that spread can cause a bias in samples of distant supernovae , which can lead to incorrect estimates of universal deceleration .
the land titling programme gives women the right to hold property when they are directly responsible for their management .
in brazil , enormous amounts of biomass had been burned for fuel production and to clean the soil for cattle grazing and other agricultural uses .
scientists recently captured these flashes on video for the first time using special low - light - level cameras mounted on two small aircraft .
article 551 , para . 2 of the code of civil procedure stated that only men could be appointed as arbiters .
in 1987 , the committee on population , the family and women was established as an advisory body to the ministry of education .
operational worldwide information on the wave systems , such as wave height and wave direction , is derived through the analysis of the imagette spectrum .
radar interferometry can help understand earthquakes , especially in poorly equipped areas , because it does not require ground instrumentation .
verification of a partial model of the exposed facility in the japanese experiment module ( jem ) is attached to the international space station .
isas and isas are working on a three - stage solid rocket called j - i , to launch small satellites .
the government of zimbabwe , through ersi , provided the conference facilities and the government provided local transportation for all participants in the workshop .
telecommunications satellites addressed issues related to mass awareness , warning , education and training , as well as emergency communication in the event of a disaster .
the first test flight was carried out successfully in february 1994 and the second was used to launch ets - vi in august 1994 .
participants agreed that the information technologies of remote sensing and geographical information systems would play a vital role in meeting those requirements .
unique properties , such as daily coverage of a large area , allow regular inventories to be made of natural events on a national scale .
the observation frequency of the area is greatly improved by using a recurrent orbit , with a repeating ground track every fifteenth revolution .
the latter station is used for receiving pictures from meteosat satellites two or three times a day , especially for cloud cover and plantation coverage .
it may be concluded that remote sensing images are a useful database source when used in conjunction with sufficient ground surveys in combatting forest fires .
the fifth x - ray astronomy satellite ( astro - e ) and an infrared astronomy satellite are being studied for launch in the late 1990s .
local people need to be made aware of the situation and local relief agencies , such as fire or ambulance services , need to alert their .
the following is a compilation of summary reports of space - related activities of south africa over the past year .
the ministry of transport has been looking into the possibility of establishing a multi - purpose satellite system to cover all of their needs .
a document on funding the southern african large telescope has been completed and distributed to scientists , decision makers and potential international partners .
the centre ' s concept calls for it to offer the best possible education , research and applications experience to the participants in their programme .
although the problem of illiteracy has been solved , the number of women who have not gone beyond primary school remains high .
other uses of ground network facilities include tracking and data acquisition services for sounding rocket , high - altitude balloon , and aeronautical research missions .
nasa was involved in the successful launch of the goes - 8 satellite in april 1994 in support of noaa ' s goes program .
all institutions involved in the protection of mothers have the right to take such action according to article 30 of act no . 2851 .
this is seen in the educational profile of women in the eap , one - third of their have gone to higher education .
the age structure varies depending on place of residence , with a greater concentration of infants in rural areas than urban ones .
the normal working day consists of eight hours , with 48 hours in a week , according to article 25 of the 1993 constitution .
protection must be provided to working mothers , according to article 45 of the 1979 constitution , with respect to the protection of mothers .
the new code had a new approach emphasizing the social reinsertion function of prison and replacing penalties with community service .
in 1992 , this body devoted 7 per cent of its funds to health care programmes .
the required transformation could be developed using the locations of ground control points determined by a global positioning system ( gps ) instrument .
but what is proposed in terms of such leadership resembles political identity more than gender identity ( ochoa , olenka , 1994 ) .
the programme for the advancement of women and strengthening of the family was established during the governmental regime of 1985 - 1990 .
regulatory and operating authorities in developing countries were invited to participate in the decision - making body , and the itu provided the implementation framework .
this is one of the most important provisions ever adopted to deal with the situation of women and their treatment under the law .
the terrorist violence that has displaced thousands of women , boys and girls is an extreme manifestation of the events of this period .
the majority of the pu - 238 needed to fuel the three new rtg ' s was processed by the savannah river plant in south carolina .
matters relating to the development and training of space researchers and engineers , including instruction and research at universities or colleges .
one member is elected by secret ballot by the deans of the law faculties of public universities from among former deans .
the organization relied heavily on space platform observations for early warning of weather - related disasters such as floods and typhoons .
the map of the entire continent would be produced at scales of 1 : 250 , 000 and 1 : 1 , 000 , 000 .
it was organized so that the decision - making body would be made up of the project sponsors ( mostly international organizations and industries from developed countries ) .
information management is one of the main program elements of the climate and global change ( c & gc ) program .
scientists surveyed a companion area along half the ecliptic plane on which earth travels around the sun for purposes of comparison .
since flight v - 59 , fuel venting of the third stage is carried out regardless of the type of the target .
the target population for foncodes projects is the group affected by extreme poverty , and within that group , the most vulnerable individuals .
one of the most important objectives of the civil government authorities was to achieve a high reliability level of the early - warning seismic system .
the university of toronto institute for aerospace studies ( utias ) is developing protective technologies to mitigate damage caused by orbital debris .
the president of the republic is elected by direct votes , with the candidate who gets more than half of the votes being elected .
the need for participants to pass on their experience to their colleagues and decision makers in their home countries was stressed .
telehealth systems could help reduce critical delays in the delivery of health care by providing and expanding access to remote areas .
combining this information with prior data on ida ' s size will allow scientists to deduce the asteroid ' s density and composition .
all states of the region were invited to sign the agreement , join the governing board , and participate in the activities of the centre .
projects that have resulted from the deliberations of the workshops , and which are enhancing regional and international cooperation , include the following :
jers - 1 operates in the longer l - band , while ers and radarsat satellites operate in the c - band .
the program is based on mapping actual natural vegetation from landsat tm and other data using a nationwide classification system for vegetation .
the necessity for stronger regional cooperation and collaboration was recognized by the participants , as was the value of space technology to developing countries .
its goal is to monitor the implementation of the national programme for the advancement of women and to encourage activities for the promotion of women .
the territories of 23 african countries , of which 17 are francophone , are either wholly or predominantly covered by the libreville station .
on iml - 2 , 11 major united states microgravity experiments used new flight apparatuses developed by nasa ' s international partners .
data analysis shows that the seasonal change in sea level in the northern hemisphere is about 50 percent larger than in the southern half of the globe .
the landsat series has provided regular observations of the surface of the earth for two decades , monitoring renewable and nonrenewable resources .
it is expected that much information will be obtained from comparison with ldef , eureca and hst solar array pfa data .
representation is incumbent upon both spouses when the conjugal union is the defendant , on the other hand .
despite all the existing human rights legislation , non - governmental organizations are allowed to operate in this area without any form of restriction .
it was thought to be a priority task to demonstrate to national decision makers that providing funds to space applications for sustainable development would pay off .
once congress has been dissolved , a standing commission continues to act as a temporary supervisory body , but this commission may not be dissolved .
over the years , the cost had shown a steady rise as a function of a country ' s gross national product .
if the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space would pay more attention to this issue , their would be very valuable .
in different ways , materials of varying roughness are a factor which is dependent on the particular radar wavelength being used .
participants agreed that truly broad - band , high - quality and completely mobile services via satellite opened up a host of new possibilities and opportunities .
according to article 2 of the 1993 constitution , everyone has the right to a nationality and no one may be deprived of nationality .
the information on topics submitted by member states as of 31 october 1995 can be found in document a / ac . 105 / 614 .
public health education and remote medical instruction were critical to the direct and active participation of medical universities in the use and promotion of space technology .
the ceremony as well as those of the opening and closing of the training course were covered by the local radio , newspaper and television media .
the goal of the gates project was to reduce inequalities in health and education between countries by using telecommunications technology .
authority to denounce treaties is held by the president of the republic , who is required to report their to congress .
the opportunities for small and medium - sized countries to enter into space activities at a relevant level have been limited in the past .
they observed a steady decrease of heat toward the galaxy ' s center after measuring the temperatures of x - ray - emitting hot gas .
engineers have been developing two performance enhancements related to the booster as part of the overall shuttle performance enhancement program to support space station objectives .
the branches of industrial production in which women are most frequently employed centre on those in which they have a greater competitive advantage than men .
space technology in developing countries should be related to use by the public sector , for telecommunications , remote sensing , meteorology and navigation .
in general terms , progress has clearly been made in the levels of education achieved by women in recent years .
congress may enacted special laws in response to the requirements of a particular situation , but not on account of differences between persons .
this was a small improvement over 1989 , when of the 171 elected representatives of regional governments , only 1 . 8 per cent were women .
developing countries should give higher priority to active participation in , and application of , space technology in the fields of health care and education .
the principle is that every person must be informed immediately and in writing of the causes of or reasons for their arrest .
debris removal options have been used a few times to date , such as retrieval via the united states space shuttle or de - orbiting .
in the late 1980s , networks and coordinating institutions with non - governmental organizations , women ' s organizations and other bodies were created .
routine production of cloud - free composite data for a vegetation index of all global land areas was underway at the end of the year .
finally , the project will establish a low - cost integrated satellite data acquisition system for meteosat data in harare .
nasa participated in the international tropical ocean global atmosphere ( toga ) - coupled ocean - atmosphere response experiment ( coare ) program .
a young person may follow vocational training courses at the so - called vocational education centres without having completed secondary education .
the field verification of maps prepared from interpreted images was an important step in assuring the reliability of information derived from remotely sensed images .
atlantis completed its orbiter maintenance down period ( omdp ) in the orbiter facility in palmdale , california during fy 1994 .
participants were required to have university degrees in engineering , physics , biological or medical sciences or other fields related to the themes of the workshop .
after 30 years of service , the increment increases to 30 per cent of their salaries .
the meeting was well attended and gave the opportunity for a further dissemination of information on international programmes at the esa and iadc levels .
those who have no independent income are at greater risk of mistreatment because violence affects women from all social levels and employment situations .
conditions for integration in urban life and the job market are improved by attendance at primary school , and even more so , by vocational training .
m . garneau , the first canadian in space , was selected for a second space shuttle mission to complete the group .
difficulty in participating in organizations because of their many tasks , use of native languages , and their lack of reading and writing skills .
developing countries are particularly hard hit , for which the magnitude of disasters often exceeds the ability of the society to cope with them .
although the sovereignty of the country affected by the disaster should be recognized , the planning and administration of this process must also include recipient countries .
iacg adopted the solar - terrestrial science programme at its meeting in padua , italy , in 1986 .
the monitoring of volcanic variables , tectonic - plate movement and pressure ridges helps to identify potential volcanic or earthquake activity .
windii discovered a gap in atomic oxygen at the equator , thought to be due to the action of atmospheric tides and associated winds .
a month - long summer school in astronomy was held in cape town for selected third - year physics and mathematics students from south african universities .
their was stressed that the establishment of regional and national education and training centres for space technology would play a vital role .
the launch of radarsat - i , the first canadian earth observation satellite , on 4 november 1995 , was the most significant event of 1995 .
in some cases transportable , stations have been made commercially available by several suppliers in european countries and in the united states .
from 1970 to 1990 the proportion of minor deaths fell from 44 . 7 per cent to 37 . 6 per cent , a relatively large decrease .
the participants were allowed three and a half days for visual interpretation of remote sensing images of regions of their countries which they had selected .
this is the stellar mass of a large galaxy , but here the material lies in an extended , gaseous , prestellar state .
geomanagement programmes and projects at international , national and local levels should be defined on the basis of a clear definition of priority issues .
its secretariat functions are performed by the space policy division of the research and development bureau of the science and technology agency .
its government is unitary , representative and decentralized , and will be organized in accordance with the principle of the separation of powers .
the center was in the process of converting historical landsat data from magnetic media to new cassette tapes to preserve their for future use .
all existing databases and statistics of such space debris , including the usspacecom catalogue , depend largely on observations with various radars .
its goal is to give a glass of milk every day to children under six years of age and to pregnant and breastfeeding women .
the percentage of women candidates and women members of the chambers of senators and deputies was very low at the start and end of this period .
the figure is higher for women who migrated within their department of origin than in the case of those who moved from one department to another .
other studies of ionospheric currents used magnetometer arrays deployed by scientists from boston college , augsburg college , and the university of michigan .
a satellite for very long baseline interferometry from space , called muses - b , will be launched in 1996 .
several other countries are paying attention to ers - 1 data , so that international cooperation in their utilization is expected to grow even further .
crew members will use the exposed facility to conduct materials experiments , scientific earth observation and communications and engineering tests in an extravehicular environment .
south africa operates the hartebeesthoek radio astronomy observatory ( hartrao ) within the same complex as the satellite applications centre .
decides that the provisions set forth in paragraphs 13 and 15 above do not apply to activities related to unamir and unomur .
the purpose of ets - vii is to acquire the basic technologies of rendezvous - docking and space robotics that are essential to future space activities .
traditional terrestrial telecommunications , particularly in remote areas of disaster - prone countries , have been costly to install , difficult to repair and vulnerable to damage .
the countries that have the most pressing need for remote sensing do not have the resources to build the necessary capacities for its efficient use .
the sunset satellite is being developed by graduate students in electronic engineering at stellenbosch university in south africa .
in 1995 trsc provided domestic and international customers a total of 1 , 067 photographs and 508 ccts containing satellite data .
a dual viewing , oblique at 50 degrees ahead and vertical , together with internal black - body calibration leads to very accurate atmospheric corrections .
the secretary - general is requested to provide all necessary assistance to the committee and to make the necessary arrangements in the secretariat for this purpose .
j - i uses the osaki launch facilities at the tanegashima space centre , which was used for the h - i launch vehicle .
during the acute phase of an emergency , swift and accurate transmission of all relevant information is a requirement for effective work by disaster relief organizations .
it was stated that developing countries would be able to use new developments in remote sensing systems to gain access to significantly greater quantities of valuable data .
since 1994 south africa has been a member of the intelsat , as well as the international mobile satellite organization ( inmarsat ) .
in 1994 , more than 171 , 000 cases of dysentery were reported for malawi , mozambique and zimbabwe , which resulted in nearly 600 lives .
temperature accuracy by the two methods has been found to be of the order of 1 . 5 degrees centigrade at aqaba .
in addition , the data processing centre receives and analyses data from the polar - orbiting meteorological satellites of the united states national oceanic and atmospheric administration .
until telstar 403 , redesignated telstar 402r , is launched , customers such as fox broadcasting and abc will continue to use telstar 401 .
the interpretation of high - resolution images should be linked to the united nations in order to use already established communication lines with relief agencies .
the transfer of the processing technology to the principal contact points in the countries will be the focus of the current phase of the project .
even a country with a modest research budget and little or no experience with space technology can afford to participate in missions involving small satellites .
offering incentives to attract private investors to the telecommunications sector and assigning their a definite role in expanding and upgrading the system have also been considered .
trsc ' s activities are directed by the national remote sensing coordinating committee , whose members are representatives of relevant agencies .
wmo developed a policy and practice for the international exchange of meteorological data and products in the field of earth observation for sustainable development .
it will be able to launch a payload of 2 , 000 kilograms into low earth orbit or 400 kilograms beyond the earth gravitation region .
the national programme for food aid ( pronaa ) was established in 1992 and is active in many areas of the country .
women in rural areas want to have fewer children than in the past , and their preferences are very similar to those of women in cities .
landsat - 7 , planned for launch in december 1998 , will carry an improved thematic mapper ( etm - plus ) .
county acreage estimates for the 1993 season were provided in tabular form and in colored theme - map and tabular form .
the unique aspects of the gates system were that it took a global approach and their had the dual objective of combining health care and education .
as of the end of the year , nasa had four active orbiters in their fleet : columbia , discovery , atlantis , and endeavour .
the policy of returning displaced families to their places of origin is deliberate and organized by organizations such as the lima association of displaced families .
technical assistance should be given to countries within the region in matters related to the exploitation of radar images within an operational setting .
data from landsat and spot satellites were emphasized for the training course , which stressed visual interpretation of earth observation data over terrestrial surfaces .
the current i - m spacecraft series includes a de - orbit fuel supply , as well as a nominal five - year operational fuel supply .
very high return signals occur when adjacent smooth surfaces form right angles , which cause a double reflection and high return signals to the sensor .
the ground spatial resolution of imagery was often a determining factor in its application , since their was indicative of the smallest distinguishable surface feature .
it has a 35 - day repeat cycle with a re - visit period of 16 - 18 days .
the first regional workshop was held in sao jose dos campos , brazil , on 20 to 23 june 1994 at the invitation of inpe .
the power margins needed to provide voice service between 1998 and 2000 were tested during trials for a future global handheld phone service .
in about 50 projects that had been followed by who , their was found that there were significant savings in travel costs of physicians and patients .
nasa started a redesign of the external tank for structural weight reduction , which will improve the performance of the shuttle system .
these studies will give new understanding of blood pressure regulation , in health and disease , and of cardiopulmonary disorders .
women in rural areas want to have fewer children than in the past , and their preferences are very similar to those of women in cities .
the disparity between women living in lima and those in rural areas is smaller today than it was ten years ago .
the heterosexualization of hiv / aids propagation in peru is reflected in a slow but steady trend towards perinatal transmission .
to adopt the necessary measures for the defence of the republic , the integrity of the territory and the sovereignty of the state .
over 4 , 400 nasa and contractor personnel have received training in this concept , which has been successfully used in all areas of the operation .
in 1992 , with the closure of parliament , the democratic constituent congress ( ccd ) was set up , consisting of 80 members .
work will soon start on the follow - up satellite , radarsat - ii , which will be ready for launch around the year 2000 .
static firing tests of the first - stage rocket engine of the h - ii are being conducted adjacent to the yoshinobu launch complex .
these studies have shown that there are significant selection effects where objects in eccentric orbits are less likely to be detected than those in circular orbits .
the office for women ' s affairs was established in 1988 and expanded its functions to cover children ' s issues as well .
adeos - ii , the successor to adeos , will be launched by an h - ii launch vehicle around february 1999 .
approximately 16 per cent are bilingual ( spanish - quechua ) , while only 3 per cent speak another indigenous language .
women who do sewing work at home must receive a salary equivalent to an official daily wage of women employed in workshops .
one of the objectives of the united states global change research program is to address and contribute to scientific education and communications .
school children should be taught subjects related to space science and technology which are most likely to be relevant to the country in the future .
nasa conducted a series of sounding rocket flights in fy 1994 to examine the alaskan auroras , in other weather - related space science .
to achieve a national commitment to provide resources to space technology , a clear cost - benefit analysis for each project should be prepared for decision makers .
in 1994 , the same thing happened with the portfolios of industry , tourism , integration and international trade negotiations and the ministry of the presidency .
a more effective coordination policy must be established in many developing countries in order to integrate satellite remote sensing into national , social and economic development programmes .
users could access metadata , in other words , information on the availability and quality of satellite images , and even preview samples of images .
they focus on processing , reprocessing , archiving , maintaining , and distributing existing data sets to make their more useful to researchers .
one of the most critical and often costly aspects of setting up a gis system was the acquisition and input of useful data .
for flight planning and mission management purposes , their is proposed to integrate this requirement with the other variables used in calculating the current flight performance reserve .
the goal of this effort in the pacific was to get in - situ measurements of atmospheric trace gases related to stratospheric ozone .
this effect is due to random constructive and destructive interference of radar waves , which results in a random pattern of light and dark areas on the imagery .
permanent and visiting staff from countries both within and outside the region would be able to contribute to the completion of these elements of the centre ' s programme .
nasa has begun making tdrss available to the united states industry to conduct experiments and demonstrations of innovative satellite communications technologies and concepts free of charge .
by looking at the moon ' s orbital parameters , scientists , including those from nasa and the usgs , can better determine ida ' s mass .
financial and technological support from developed countries is one of the most important factors in successfully promoting the sharing of benefits of space technology to humankind .
equipped with sophisticated rockets , sounding rockets flew directly through the auroras , allowing scientists to take direct measurements of the ions ' energy levels .
ngdc ' s geophysical online data was accessed by an order of magnitude more users than just a year before .
since the majority of the women raped are from the sierra region , sexual discrimination combined with ethnic discrimination has meant that silence prevails .
the recent adoption of domestic violence act no . 26260 is an important step forward from the legal standpoint .
international cooperation is absolutely necessary for many countries wishing to benefit from the technology because of the ever - increasing cost of space technologies and participation in space activities .
95 per cent of married women know about or have heard of them , and 89 per cent know where to get their .
two newt eggs , laid on orbit , survived , and a high percentage of pre - orbit selected eggs remained viable as embryos and larvae .
the act provides that the police , the public prosecutor and the judiciary are the bodies with competence to intervene in acts of domestic violence .
there is a distinction between those that promote only natural methods and those that are affiliated with the catholic church and those who promote all contraceptive methods .
the activities of the programme on space applications for 1995 were endorsed by the general assembly in resolution 49 / 34 of 9 december 1994 .
average number of years of education by sex , age group , geographical area , region and degree of urbanization diff .
comets is intended to demonstrate new technologies of advanced satellite mobile communication , interorbit communication and advanced satellite broadcasting .
whereas wet season images would be useful for determining vegetative cover , their were less useful for mapping landforms and soils .
to establish regulations for laws without transgressing or distorting them , and within those limits , issue decrees and decisions .
it was launched on 7 july 1995 as an auxiliary payload of the ariane - 40 rocket carrying the french theirlios - 1a satellite .
throughout the year , the fs used remote sensing technology such as avhrr imagery from noaa satellites to implement early - warning measures .
the de - orbiting technology will be used on the improved long march 2 launcher to allow the earlier re - entry of their upper stage .
it has prestaged work packages , provided automated notification of needs for parts and material , and reduced the number of tasks experiencing holds .
the nsf has supported studies of how variations in energy output from the sun and anthropogenic effects contribute to global change .
it is planned to maintain the ground track between the two satellites at 50 - 600 metres in order to improve opportunities for interferometric applications .
the fingerprints of the mother and footprints of the child must be included in the birth certificate , as well as other information appropriate to the document .
it is expected to contribute to an international cooperative project to measure the debris population in and around the earth ' s orbit .
fifty - four per cent of the women was displaced within the departments where their originally lived , while 46 per cent was displaced towards other areas .
it was the first totally disrupted ( fragmented ) comet ever to be observed , and the first to be seen orbiting and impacting a planet .
however , the equitable availability of high - quality medical care depended on interactive audio - visual communication that could be provided by space communications technology .
the columbus orbital facility ( cof - - a pressurized laboratory ) and laboratory support equipment for early scientific use are developed by the european space agency .
public recourse may be taken against violators of act no . 2851 , which regulates employment of women by third parties .
the ministry of posts and telecommunications plans and promotes policies governing the use of radio waves and space - related research and development in the same field .
representatives of a number of countries that were still waiting for the necessary clearance from their governments on the signing of the agreement attended the meeting as observers .
the joint research centre of the commission of the european communities sponsored the tropical ecosystem environment observation by satellite ( trees ) project .
the group ' s implantation in both the countryside and the city grew steadily , until it controlled a number of zones throughout the national territory .
at the end of the fiscal year , nasa had 18 cooperative agreements with 10 institutes of nih as well as the national library of medicine .
the other branches of state authority , the autonomous public institutions , the municipalities and the professional associations have the same right in matters within their competence .
using this opportunity , the parts and material laboratory of nasda is planning to perform the experiment of space environment with materials .
however , the state is under no obligation to ratify a treaty , nor is there a specific deadline within which a treaty must be ratified .
engineers conducted 101 ground tests in fy 1994 for a total of 47 , 775 seconds in support of the development and current flight programs .
one possibility is that the moon was formed during the explosion of a larger asteroid of heterogeneous composition that gave birth to ida .
ground testing has been used to correlate the size and type of damage experimented with in the specimens with probable particle size and velocity .
the purpose of the prison regime is re - education , rehabilitation and reintegration of the prisoner into society .
in areas of appreciable relief , a digital elevation model is used during registration to correct for relief displacements .
such a course would require participants to be already competent in the visual techniques of image interpretation , and would therefore include graduates of the current course .
a study has been done to determine the water body of the dead sea by using satellite images and aerial photography taken between 1945 and 1994 .
the satellites of inmarsat are used for communication between fixed points and vehicles or between fixed points and areas where telecommunication infrastructure does not exist .
when the encounter ended , all delegations recognized the advantages of close cooperation that had occurred , and agreed to continue iacg .
the goal of the hope project is to establish the basic technology for completely reusable space transport vehicles of the future .
nasda received esa support for the tracking and control of mos - 1 launched in february 1987 and mos - 1b launched in february 1990 .
it had requested the secretary - general to make proposals for the investigation of reports of serious violations of international humanitarian law during the conflict .
disaster reduction is synonymous with lowering vulnerability , a daunting challenge facing southern african governments during a time of fiscal restraint and economic structural adjustment .
the results of the joint programme are expected to contribute to scientific research in various fields , and to facilitate the understanding of mechanisms of global climate change .
rrsp is developing national capacities for analysis and interpretation of coarse - resolution satellite imagery and for the subsequent generation of information products .
high - resolution satellite imagery ( hrsi ) is an important tool for increasing efficiency during the planning and implementation phases of refugee work relief operations .
creative thinking would be encouraged to adapt , modify and create new technologies that could contribute to national development and the reduction of casualties and property damage .
professionals with several years experience in managerial positions with national and regional emergency response agencies and services took part in the organization and programme of the workshop .
the workshop noted that developing countries were particularly subject to natural disasters on a scale that overwhelmed the capacity of the societies concerned to cope with their aftermath .
in the case of natural disasters , such technology could restore communications with the local headquarters for rescue and relief operations as well as with the outside world .
participants agreed that only by using data from such satellites would it be possible to monitor forest resources when whole countries or continents were involved .
the number of papers published in 1995 was not available at the time of writing the present report , but their is expected to exceed that of 1994 .
these databases are expected to be available by 1997 to be combined into an environmental database that will be shared in an environmental information systems network .
the impact is expected to have generated dust that will form new dust rings around the planet after being charged through exposure to the plasma environment .
improved responsiveness to the end - user , as well as more frequent launch opportunities and increased mission flexibility for individual instruments , plus schedule independence .
jem , which is being designed in accordance with those requirements , will consist of a pressurized module , an exposed facility and an experiment logistics module .
system - corrected images were those which had been corrected for predictable distortions in the image because of factors such as earth rotation during the imaging .
there is a lot of illiterate women in the departments of the sierra region , where the level of development is low .
the healthnet programme was created in 1989 to share information and communications services to support public health and medical research in the developing world .
one third of the members in ngos are women , concentrated more in urban areas than in rural areas , according to estimates for 1991 .
from 1980 to the present , four women who occupied such posts did so in the years 1973 , 1981 , 1988 and 1994 .
600 , 000 people are born every year , despite a reduction in fertility in the age structure , because of the growth potential inherent in the age structure .
most girls in peru begin to participate early in life in domestic tasks and are taught from a very young age to serve others .
young women and adult women have congregated in urban centres in search of better working and educational opportunities for their and their families .
this worldwide capability has allowed mission operators to navigate their spacecraft , configure them for scientific observations , and recover the resulting scientific data .
hst ' s first servicing mission proved the capability of nasa ' s highly trained astronauts to work productively in space .
re - orbiting of satellites at end - of - life , minimum altitude increase of 300 - 400 km .
the bureau of land management used remote sensed data and gps to monitor the health of public lands and the effectiveness of ecosystem - based management practices .
during the period 1980 to 1985 intensive activities were carried out by coopop to dynamize programmes on child and family care .
regenerative life support research has led to significant advances in the development of new biofilm resistant coatings using application techniques common in industry .
family planning , maternal and child health and prevention programmes are funded by the national compensation and social development fund .
phillips and his collaborators found a good correlation between the rate of decline with time of the luminous output of supernovae and their peak brightness .
because of the years of economic crisis , it is impossible for stabilization programmes and structural reforms to relieve poverty significantly in the short term .
it is necessary for all operators to adopt such a practice at the same time because there is no significant effect if their is adopted only by one operator .
the principle that every person has the right to make analyses and criticisms of judicial decisions and sentences is within the limitations of law .
other uses of remote imaging together with data from the ground included maps of soil salinity , biomass , crop management , and crop yields .
at the moment it is not conducting any research relating to space debris , and it does not have satellites that operate with nuclear energy .
dendrite growth is a common form of crystal growth when metals , alloys , and many other materials solidify in most industrial processes .
the illiteracy rate in peru went down from 57 . 6 per cent in 1940 to 18 . 1 per cent in 1981 .
participants discussed the possibility of other developing countries following the example of india in developing an industrial infrastructure contributing to national space programmes .
once a minimum period of a further constitutional term has elapsed , a former president can stand for election again , subject to the same conditions .
activities undertaken by canada in those areas guarantee a canadian contribution to the global knowledge base and help to achieve socio - economic benefits for all canadians .
the procedures emphasize the need for ailing spacecraft to be taken out of the operational orbit and safe with regard to explosion hazard .
the explosion hazard and the need for the spacecraft itself to be implementing mitigation techniques autonomously have led to subsequent updates of the concept .
radar reflectivity is greatly increased in the presence of water , which has a dielectric constant greater than 10 times that of dry materials .
at the end of the fiscal year , noaa announced the completion of initial flight tests of a new system for mapping coastal ocean salinity .
nasa will help to apply recent advances in computer and information sciences to the brain and related health sciences with the national institute of mental health .
the impact would be increased by the fact that satellite phones could be easily redeployed , whereas conventional installations were more or less fixed .
each minister is responsible for matters falling within their portfolio , and the council of ministers is in charge of the administration and management of public services .
gso is where the satellite appears fixed relative to the ground , allowing continuous visibility and simplifying the ground segment and operational requirements .
in 1993 , the women ' s police office in lima recorded 4 , 500 complaints of physical abuse of women by their spouses .
a network of terminals would be particularly effective if it were connected to an appropriate regional or global database of geographic disaster systems or relevant disaster information .
however , peru has faced a lot of difficulties that have affected women in particular , including chronic poverty and a decline in the quality of life .
the decline in the number of illiterates between the two censuses is a result of the decline in rural illiteracy .
in 1994 the number of wildfires reached a record high , with more than 66 , 000 fires and over 3 . 8 million acres burned .
in 1993 , 895 ngos were registered throughout the country , 110 of them working on projects relating exclusively to women or inclusive of women in their action plans
supplementary technical presentations were made by representatives of dlr , gdta , scot conseil and the office for outer space affairs .
this phenomenon links the weather in the earth ' s lower atmosphere to the upper atmospheric layers that form our planet ' s border to space .
scientists believe that the interactions of cosmic ray particles with gas between the stars produce diffuse gamma ray emissions from our milky way galaxy .
the importance of having a sound academic background , experience and an aptitude for engaging in the different activities of the centre cannot be underscored .
although there is no discrimination against women in respect of credit , no effort is made to establish different objectives geared for potential female recipients .
all government procurator ' s offices have been given responsibility for dealing with complaints relating to human rights violations as a transitional measure .
in 1990 and 1991 , the main causes of infant and child mortality , both male and female , were preventable and treatable .
six days of the course were spent at satellitbild , the swedish space corporation facility for data processing and map production .
two active quartz crystal microbalances were designed to operate in reverse fashion to measure the atomic oxygen fluence during exposure .
there were 151 , 036 fewer illiterates in rural areas , while the number of urban illiterates rose by 135 , 859 .
technical training and data analysis workshops have been held , assistance in the provision of relevant equipment has been provided , and other opportunities could be considered .
women from all social strata , knowledge and use of contraceptives has increased , according to analysis of changes over the past decade .
they were being used to create a global land - cover map and to monitor vegetation conditions on a periodic basis throughout the year .
two vice - presidents are elected in the same manner , with the same requirements and for the same term , as the president of the republic .
a crop - specific land - cover map of the crow and northern cheyenne reservations in montana was delivered in september 1994 as a result of the agreement .
several gamma ray bursts of potential celestial origin have been detected in the energy range of 20 to 3 , 000 kilo - electron - volts .
sixty - five per cent of women with a higher education use modern techniques , which are only used by 32 per cent in women without formal education .
recent satellite images of the amazon region have shown deforestation patterns , especially in the states of para , rondonia and maranhao .
by 31 march 1995 the second stage had fragmented into at least six new objects , which have decayed since then .
landsat and spot panchromatic data allowed the bureau to prepare image maps for three reservations , while gps training supported resource inventory programs .
however , the use of gps instruments for that purpose was gaining in popularity because of their simplicity of use , reasonable cost and high levels of precision .
these are the first direct , unambiguous analyses of large - scale changes in the earth ' s radiation budget caused by a volcanic eruption .
" safing " ( venting ) procedures for all rocket bodies and spacecraft that remain in orbit after completion of their mission .
data from mtpe and other global change research efforts will allow policymakers to formulate prudent policies regarding the future of the global environment .
the limitations on access to financial credit for women who head microenterprises or small enterprises are the same as those for men .
in 1995 , one expert group meeting , three training courses , three workshops , one symposium and one conference were held under the auspices of the programme .
in order to promote the use of satellite communications systems in rural and remote areas of developing countries , the spacecom project was developed .
the meteorological research institute develops techniques for more effective use of meteorological satellite data , and conducts studies on sensors for the next generation of meteorological satellites .
digital image processing of radar data out of the reach of african institutions may be caused by the high costs inherent in the acquisition of these items of equipment .
the design of the stages led to the identification of a number of potential failure modes , modes that could have led to observed explosions .
the idea is to resolve a different part of a target moving at a different velocity relative to the radar by measuring the doppler velocity spectra .
the native communities live in clearly identifiable ecological zones : tropical dry forest , subtropical rain forest and tropical rain forest scattered over large catchment areas .
no bill can be enacted without being previously approved by the consultative commission except where provided for in the rules of procedure of congress .
a climatic model developed by james hansen of nasa that took all three factors into account came closer to simulating observed temperature changes than had previous models .
the concentration of women diminishes in relation with the level of power , however : the lower the level , the higher the concentration .
similar options are provided by other medium - sized or large launchers , such as the united states atlas centaur and the delta - 2 .
the pressurized section is designed to carry and store the payload required for intravehicular activity and to be attached to the pressurized module .
japan will provide precipitation radar and launch the satellite by h - ii rocket , and the united states will provide the satellite bus and other sensors .
a few years ago the mobile satellite technologies that had been employed on an experimental basis were only beginning to be used in institutions .
the saao education initiative is aimed at stimulating an interest in basic science among young people through contact with astronomy .
lack of protection , insufficiency and disappearance of the rights that devolved from the spouse are considered the head of the family .
the space technology research group was reorganized in 1969 to encourage progress in space research within a stronger , more fully structured organization .
the peruvian government ' s current concerns centre on making their possible for men and women to work together to achieve equality , development and peace .
the target specimen was made of three aluminum alloy plates 3 . 5 mm thick which were set up with about 60 mm of space between each plate .
from 1981 to 1991 infant and child mortality rates in rural areas , particularly in the departments where poverty is concentrated , remained high .
at another level , education is viewed by women as giving them an advantage in terms of security and strength for their personal , family and social relations .
in 1992 , there were 46 women police officers in the office , but in 1993 their number was reduced to 30 .
repatriation is essential to material and cultural self - defence for displaced people from the jungle ethnic groups , such as the ashaninkas .
that was a national mission , integrating space applications along with other relevant information for disaster warning , disaster mitigation and efficient management of hazardous events .
the lack of detailed information on the problems faced by women in the workplace is one of the reasons major studies of occupational health do not include women .
in its effort to strengthen peru ' s system of legal protection for human rights , the government has adopted further domestic legislation .
its implementation is the responsibility of both the state and of the institutions of civil society which promote their through the national network for the promotion of women .
the experiment was developed by a number of co - investigators and included materials designed to capture small orbital debris particles and micrometeorites .
this is one of the seven subprogrammes that make up the national population programme of the national population council .
the infant mortality rate fell from 116 per 1 , 000 live births in 1970 to 102 in 1981 and 81 in 1990 .
nist ' s role is to help ensure that these observations are traceable to radiometric standards and that instrument calibrations are performed properly .
they were asked to highlight the key issues that would persuade them to place a higher priority on the operational implementation of space applications .
rjgc has prepared studies of the area using satellite images , geographic satellite system and remote sensing techniques to produce regional hydrological and hydrogeological maps
to seek from all states information regarding the action taken by their regarding the effective implementation of the embargo imposed by paragraph 13 above .
the ers - 1 ami can be used as a wind scatterometer to provide wind vectors at the ocean surface on a 25 km grid .
augmentation of conventional satellite programmes , such as additional capability , redundancy for critical missions , or replacement of a failed instrument .
civil strife , like the recent events in rwanda , affects people , the economy and the infrastructure in ways similar to a large natural disaster .
mobile satellite services offering land , aeronautical and maritime mobile communications are being used regularly in disaster applications and will be used increasingly throughout the 1990s and beyond .
it would be helpful to select a few good people who had been involved in successful programmes as " ambassadors " to developing countries to overcome that difficulty .
whenever possible , china is using recoverable satellites for scientific experiments in outer space , which will reduce the number of jettisoned satellites in the sky .
cs - 3 , n - star , and bs - 3 are currently tracked and controlled using six antennas in the 10 to 18 diameter class .
disaster information is included in the areas of application : space physics , astronomy , astrophysics , technology demonstrations , communications experiments and acquisition of earth resource data .
site measurements by spirex confirmed that the sky at the south pole is darker by a factor of at least three than any other site previously surveyed .
such products are disseminated within three hours from data sensing to nominated centres through the global meteorological network for subsequent assimilation into numerical analysis and forecast models .
in 1995 india continued to make significant progress in the development and application of space technology in order to promote rapid socio - economic development .
relaxed reliability is due to the shorter lifetime or agreed , lower levels of product assurance or lower - quality parts as appropriate to lower development costs .
all year round , the centre has its second area of business in the provision of tracking , telemetry and command services .
sunsat is a microsatellite being developed by a team of 27 graduate students at the university of stellenbosh .
it will have systems to control jem operation , exposed facility and its manipulators , as well as the airlock and other equipment .
the monitoring of short - term changes is essential to the prevention of disasters and that type of monitoring could be accomplished using existing technologies .
with proper calibration and the establishment of a continuous long - term database , this information will become a strong tool for decision makers and land managers .
the sanriku balloon centre is located on the east coast of iwate prefecture , facing the pacific ocean .
however , the equipment to receive such information is usually only available to relatively prosperous sections of the community and as a result the coverage would be somewhat different .
research on and development of mobile satellite communications and satellite sound broadcasting using the technology of large deployable antennas operating in the s - band .
within the next 35 years , the world population will increase by 50 per cent , from about 6 billion in 1995 to about 9 billion in 2030 .
in that regard , emphasis was placed on one solution that had become operational , involving information generated by the synoptic coverage provided by earth observation satellites .
in developing countries such as the united republic of tanzania , deliberate burning of vegetation continues to aid farming and hunting of game in forested areas .
in 1987 , two women were named ministers of state , the first such appointments ever , and given the portfolios of education and health .
the law takes into account the situation of domestic workers , who are protected by supreme decree no . 23 - dt of 30 april 1957 .
for women , the working day is not to exceed eight hours , 45 hours in a week , according to article 5 , act no . 2851 .
demand for care for persons affected by hiv / aids is growing , and the response is unsatisfactory , as is the relevant legal regime .
apscc can assist the region in facing opportunities and challenges through the commitment of its members and the support of the international community .
sixty - six per cent of women in these age groups in urban areas , and 76 per cent in rural locations , were mothers .
preliminary estimates by the center for biofilm engineering and the epa suggest the commercial potential of these technologies in the hundreds of millions of dollars .
the arrest of the main leaders of the mrta has been a result of the govermnent ' s anti - terrorism drive .
gravity waves are a major source of energy and momentum coupling between different layers of the atmosphere from the troposphere to the lower thermosphere .
it was emphasized that compared to conventional ground surveys , satellite observations provided less detail and much greater economy , particularly when continuous and repetitive monitoring was required .
those space activities that were or could be the subject of greater international cooperation have particular emphasis on the needs of the developing countries .
three feminist institutions ( manuela ramos , flora tristan and demus ) have legal services that provide specialized assistance on cases of domestic violence .
the electrical character of surface material , as indicated by its complex dielectric constant , is critical in the interpretation of radar images .
life expectancy for peruvian women was 66 . 6 years , and for men , 62 . 7 years , from 1990 to 1995 .
the reduction of speckle is a necessary precursor to computer classification of radar imagery as well as to visual interpretation since their tends to mask fine details .
this study is being extended to take into account second order effects in a software package called integrated debris evolution suite ( ides ) .
the national police are obliged to fulfill the mandates of the public prosecutor ' s department within the context of their function .
judicial proceedings in which the defendants are public officials , those involving press crimes and those that relate to fundamental rights guaranteed by the constitution are always public .
this act regulates the processing by the judiciary of civil or criminal court cases to which acts of violence against women have given rise .
csa and its partners in the implementation of csp would welcome any suggestions from existing or potential new partners regarding possibilities for increased cooperation .
m . garneau will fly as a mission specialist on endeavour flight sts - 77 , on a nine - day mission scheduled for april 1996 .
ozone , a molecule made up of three atoms of oxygen , forms a thin layer of the atmosphere that absorbs harmful ultraviolet radiation from the sun .
the model curricula give the centres a benchmark of the level of academic performance needed to meet the standards required to achieve international recognition .
these groups were formed to discuss national and regional development issues and identify specific target activities which can benefit from the exploitation of ers data .
small satellites will not replace large platforms , which offer both financial and scientific benefits , such as economies of scale and synergy of measurements .
srl - 1 repeatedly imaged boreas ground sites , allowing scientists to compare the spaceborne data with their readings from ground and aircraft investigations .
women are serving as mayors and heading peasant patrols or self - defence committees , and are active in bodies for the protection of human rights and defence fronts .
during 1994 , the space shuttle ground processing team at ksc achieved several innovations and enhancements that increased efficiency , improved scheduling , and reduced costs .
the goal of the terrorist groups is to cause the greatest possible economic damage in order to paralyse the country ' s economic activities .
the peruvian constitution , which entered into force on december 31 , 1993 , proclaims the right of all persons to equality before the law .
these data sets will be used to monitor changes in land cover over the 20 - year period since the beginning of the landsat program .
the five esa long - term fellowships are each for a period of one year of research and study at esa institutions and in the disciplines described below .
the traditional magnetic compass was an important tool for establishing the correspondence between locations in an image and those in the field .
both spacecraft will carry additional instruments that will provide information on the dynamics of global atmospheric pollution for nasa ' s mission to planet earth .
the duration of persistence of the debris cloud was not expected but the estimated particle size was consistent with the expected effluent from the solid rocket .
those difficulties , linked essentially to a lack of adequate funds , included access to remotely sensed data and to computers and software for gis and image processing .
it was the first group to highlight the potential problems associated with distributed space architectures such as satellite constellations at discrete altitude .
from august 1988 , when the lima women ' s police office began operating , to august 1993 , 21 , 425 complaints of physical abuse were recorded .
each type of organization has its own method of centralization and of metropolitan , provincial or departmental representation , but there is no single umbrella body .
despite technological advances , decreasing costs and increasing user - friendliness , the potential offered by those technologies had not yet been fully assessed or realized .
in the future , mobile satellite communications systems such as inmarsat could form an important part of national or regional emergency planning .
iml - 1 continued their exploration of the effects of gravitational force on biological , physical , and chemical systems in july 1994 .
also , the cedar program sponsored a competition to encourage the development of innovative technical approaches , which resulted in a number of projects to improve instrumentation and techniques .
synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) data over 18 selected areas had been examined with a view to investigating the feasibility of vegetation mapping with ers - 1 .
women are active in sendero luminoso by fulfilling logistical , political , operational and military functions .
ground combustion test facilities for checking the reliability of liquid - propelled rocket engines and their parts as well as their performance within the launch site are available .
it can be used as an on - board space debris observation system for detecting small - size debris and for collision avoidance manoeuvres .
most of them were from the middle class , and they were professionals in the fields of social science , letters and the humanities .
in june 1994 two scientists using the hst discovered disks of protoplanetary dust around stars in the orion nebula region of the milky way galaxy .
the focus of their work is on the long - term prediction of the debris population through the use of simulation monte carlo techniques to represent the environment evolution .
the fight against the cholera epidemic and against communicable diseases was considerable and the role of women ' s organizations in the immunization campaigns .
prohibition of the exercise of the judicial function by anyone who has not been appointed in the manner provided for by the constitution or the law .
maternal mortality rates in peruvian women aged 15 to 49 were 5 . 2 per cent , according to the alan guttmacher institute , 1994 .
interorbit communication technology will be developed to provide a large - capacity data communications link from the advanced earth observation satellite ( adeos ) .
some statistical information on the shape of space debris can be obtained by comparing the physical cross section estimated from the atmospheric drug with rcs .
the bureau of indian affairs continues to conduct natural resource inventories , image mapping projects , and gps training services to support their indian integrated resource information program .
this proposal was presented to the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space through its scientific and technical subcommittee at their 1990 sessions .
the asteroid had a moon , as a result of the recovery of additional image data from the 1993 encounter of the galileo spacecraft with the asteroid spacecraft .
that level of spatial resolution made spot multispectral imagery useful for preparing maps up to a suggested maximum scale of approximately 1 : 50 , 000 .
to reaffirm national cultural values and to incorporate gender awareness in teachers ' training programmes in order to eliminate stereotypes of male and female values .
if no proper policy was not implemented , the role of industry would be limited to short - term contractors , rather than equal partners in space applications .
the international technical commission of the andean group was scheduled to meet in early 1996 to consider the action to be taken on the basis of the study .
two more university departments are engaged in collaborative research with industry to assess the short - term and long - term collision hazard to spacecraft posed by debris .
land use applications using radar satellite imagery for madaba and azraq are being studied , and comparisons have been made using satellite imagery .
its payload was 14 experiments that looked at physiological responses of humans and rodents to microgravity and their subsequent readaptation to earth ' s gravity .
several isas centres are set up around the country and the main isas campus is at sagamihara , about 20 kilometres west of metropolitan tokyo .
in order for the centres to become model institutions that are respected both within their regions and around the world , their would need to meet internationally recognized standards .
55 per cent of pregnant women were anaemic , according to a study carried out in metropolitan lima in 1991 .
only a few of the participants came from institutions that possessed the computer hardware and software needed for digital processing of voluminous ers radar .
it was launched on 15 march 1995 by the h - ii third flight and will be retrieved by the shuttle in january 1996 .
in 1994 , nass improved the maps in a number of ways , such as adding the capability to compare the current value with the previous years .
on 3 february 1994 , the small satellite of the university of bremen , bremsat , was carried into the sky by the united states space shuttle discovery
the supreme court of justice , and such other courts as may be determined by the judiciary ' s organization act are some of the jurisdictional organs .
the hs 601 satellite built by hughes space and communications company provided broadcasting to all of the contiguous 48 degrees .
regional and international organizations dealing with social and economic development issues should increase their cooperation in order to assist developing countries in incorporating space applications into their national programmes .
in august 1994 , nasa released version o , a working prototype for eosdis , designed for the general earth science community to use in scientific research .
women who do ambulatory marketing , fish packaging and municipal cleaning spend long days on their feet , in bad weather and in highly polluted areas .
the office for outer space affairs , and the expert on space applications and his staff , will carry out the activities described in the present report .
a single major disaster could affect the distribution of food and water supplies , medical services , both both the local and international communication links of the stricken communities .
the redesign involved substitution of aluminum lithium for the existing aluminum alloy , taking advantage of the greater strength per unit of weight characteristic of the new material .
drought in this region is also associated with other dangers , such as flash floods and epidemic diarrhoea , including cholera and dysentery .
the motion of the local group of galaxies derived with respect to these galaxy clusters was significantly different from the one derived with respect to the cosmic microwave background .
the defence research agency at farnborough supports bnsc at uncopuos and provides a technical focus for all the groups within the united kingdom .
on the basis of the 1981 census , it was estimated that the population of the country would be in the basis of 23 million in 1993 .
this programme included a women ' s literacy campaign , primary health care and a production component as a precondition for receiving food aid .
the national biological survey is working closely with the park service to plan and direct the project , beginning with pilot studies in a variety of selected park environments .
it includes basic social spending as expenditure for the provision of basic preventive health services , primary and secondary education and basic and supplementary legal services .
the first series of submissions came from latin america , and have been integrated into modules which the co - sponsors will present to potential contributors .
there are other ngos with similar objectives in the provinces , such as ilder in arequipa , women ' s group in chiclayo , etc
in 1985 , with the purpose of lima , a municipal home for women was established for the purpose of assisting women victims of violence .
decision makers in developing countries must be convinced that a judicious expenditure of limited resources on space programmes would contribute to social stability and economic growth .
conventional radars with a large parabola antenna cannot continuously observe an object for more than a fraction of a second unless their orbit is given beforehand .
in 1994 , the doe will issue a comprehensive report responding to a general accounting office inquiry regarding the long - term production capability of rtg ' s .
according to the same source , the number of detained or displaced persons has fallen significantly in comparison to the previous year , when 391 cases were reported .
the goes - 1 , goes - 5 and goes - 6 satellites were used operationally with no replacements available until they depleted their fuel in gso .
sea - based optical measurements for validation of the post - launch calibration and various products derived from the satellite observations must be equally accurate .
each year trsc has granted 3 million baht to remote sensing projects proposed by thai researchers as a means of promoting applications of the technology in thailand .
this can be accomplished by using the fm / vhf bands of frequencies , for which most transistor radios are already equipped .
the representative of the european space agency stated that it would focus on areas in which improvements were essential for successful projects based on remote sensing for sustainable development .
many policy issues remained to be addressed if space technology was to be further developed in the light of current world economic constraints .
it relies on goodwill of other companies to perform environmental tests , to manufacture various structural components , and to get donations of components from a number of suppliers .
there are many disaster - reduction challenges confronting southern africa , the major dangers of concern being drought , epidemics , cyclones and storms , floods and armed conflict
the telephone and two - way radio allowed audio communication between health - care persons in a remote area and specialists at a major centre .
the space science and technology preparation office was established in may 1960 and started space activities for the first time through an organization of the government of japan .
this tool could be used as a cheap warning signal in the case of volcanoes , as was demonstrated in the recent activity at mount etna .
as the process of identifying needs and subsequent funding and deployment of satellite communications systems can take months , such activity has to be started as soon as possible .
gms observes cloud coverage and temperatures of sea surface and cloud top and collects meteorological data from aircraft , buoys and meteorological observation stations in remote areas .
together with data from the oersted satellite , which will be released in the same orbit as sunsat , it can provide valuable magnetic research information .
launching of the meteorological rockets is carried out by the meteorological rocket observation station , the sole facility capable of meteorological rocket observation in east asia and the western pacific
in 1994 saao hosted the annual review of south african astronomy and astrophysics , which included participants from overseas and from nine south african universities and institutes .
the royal jordanian geographic centre ( rjgc ) and al al - beit university have expressed their commitment to provide permanent facilities to manage the centre .
following the current phase of research and development , trmm is to be dual - launched with trmm from the tanegashima space centre .
the earth station with a 2 . 4 m antenna and a 64 kbps link can be used for the receiving equipment for the satellite signal .
very accurate sea surface temperature measurements are provided globally on a 50 km grid , with an original 1 km spatial and 0 . 1 k radiometric resolution .
training should be given in geographic information systems ( gis ) technology and the integration of radar and other remote sensing data in geographic information systems .
since this atmospheric echo is so weak , scientists have been worried about contamination of strong " undesired " echoes from various objects such as space debris .
these metal layers appear to be sensitive to global atmospheric changes related to changing levels of atmospheric carbon dioxide and methane .
women were first recruited in the late 1970s , with such recruitment increasing after 1978 and the establishment of the school for women police officers within the civil guard .
it is a microsatellite that is compatible with an ariane launcher and is capable of three - colour stereo imaging of earth .
many of the material specimens returned to earth for evaluation had been impacted by small particles , even though the material specimens were protected during the firing itself .
in order to help affected developing countries deal with that problem in a more effective manner , their was recommended that satellite remote sensing should be increasingly used .
75 . 4 % of the owners have less than 2 ha . , 16 . 6 % have 2 to 4 ha .
those run by the family with no involvement of non - family members , and under the supervision and authority of their parents or guardians .
from 1981 to 1993 , the number of people who were not paid increased by 48 per cent for women and 59 per cent for men .
the importance of having staff that are competent and confident in dealing with all aspects of the applications of space technology was stressed .
in 1980 , the total number of universities ( 26 ) offering such courses went up to 76 per cent of the total in 1990 .
a structure like this can ' t be explained by any current theoretical model and opens new directions for understanding the scale of the largest structures in the universe .
a major requirement in the establishment of a gis was to assemble a database that would be useful for tackling the range of problems to be addressed .
the system had four parts : a seismic detection system , a dual telecommunications system , central control system , and a radio warning system for the public .
in evaluating the impact of a collision of debris with a shielding wall , it is common to think of their as the diameter of a sphere .
this is because it is not enough for a treaty to be signed by representatives who have negotiated it , as their signature is not binding upon the state .
planners should tailor the range and mobility of the service requirements to respond to those challenges , and map technologies to meet the needs of the end - user .
from 1989 to 1993 , the number of women who submitted complaints to the lima women ' s police office was almost the same .
if there is incompatibility between a constitutional provision and a legal provision , the judges give precedence to the former .
in second place are activities designed to improve the productive capacity of grass - roots organizations such as home garden plots , small animal husbandry , food preparation .
women have gained visibility on the public scene because of the work done by feminist organizations and the success of women in grass - roots organizations .
the first all - sky map in four extreme ultraviolet wavelength bands was produced by the extreme ultraviolet explorer ( euve ) , launched in june 1992 .
there was an average early - warning time advantage of 60 seconds before an earthquake occurring on the guerrero coast would strike mexico city , some 320 kilometres away .
the strength of the spectral features can be used to increase the accuracy of the estimate of each supernova ' s intrinsic brightness and therefore , their distance .
it is also bordered by five south american countries : ecuador and colombia to the north , brazil and bolivia to the east , and chile to the south .
an entity such as isu could be petitioned to create a global database of all satellite and fibre optic systems currently in operation .
realigning the eos program meant placing greater reliance on both domestic and foreign partners , as well as deferring some data products and measurements .
the first women ' s police office was established in 1989 and others have been set up in 7 departments at the initiative of the women ' s movement .
the rotation of the rocket booster is indicated by the large and smooth variation of rcs versus time shown in the lower - right panel of figure 1 .
their common feature is collective action for the purchase , preparation and daily distribution of foodstuffs with a view to reducing the cost of feeding a family .
their became fully operational during the fiscal year , processing data within 48 hours of collection by the air force and providing browse images routinely on the internet .
social infrastructure , construction projects in the areas of sanitation , education , nutrition and health , and civil engineering projects are included in the highways and energy sectors .
a new type of violence against women has arisen over the past decade : terrorist violence , manifested in murder , torture , rape and displacement .
these provide a wide range of specialized training and operate on a fairly flexible course system in terms of duration , scheduling and curricula .
the materials exposure in low earth orbit ( meleo ) was an active experiment flown on shuttle mission sts - 52 in october 1992 .
the civil code of 1984 introduced an important change connected with the equality of men and women in arbitral matters .
in 1981 , only 16 . 2 per cent of such staff were made up of women , whereas the figure increased to 22 per cent in 1991 .
the national mesosphere - stratosphere - troposphere radar facility set up near tirupati in southern india is helping atmospheric researchers .
microwave satellites , such as the ers - 1 and 2 , jers and radarsat , exploited the microwave region of the spectrum .
each of these missions met with government and institutional representatives and conducted a detailed analysis of the elements offered by each of the six potential host countries .
the office for women was established in 1983 for the purpose of coordinating among the various sectors and with international assistance , governmental efforts to benefit women .
the mls is the only global monitoring of this process during the critical period in which stratospheric chlorine is increasing to record levels .
the judiciary is made up of jurisdictional organs which administer justice in the name of the nation and organs by which their is governed and administered .
in fy 1994 , it produced 400 out of a total of 4 , 000 scenes for parts of the united states , mexico , and central america .
the general assembly , forty - ninth session , supplement no . 20 ( a / 49 / 20 ) , contains the records of the general assembly .
to ensure that the constitution and the laws are respected and to order appropriate action in order to give effect to the liability of violators .
89 cases of detention or disappearance were reported in 1993 , 9 of them involving women , but their have not been found .
they make it possible to reduce the time spent by women on domestic tasks and function as centres for socializing , training and income generation .
criteria must be established for evaluation of psychological damage suffered by victims and allocation of appropriate state and municipal funding in order to give effect to this legislation .
space debris is a global problem that all space - faring nations must solve in cooperation in order to preserve a safe environment for future space activities .
from 1981 to 1991 , the average rate of infant mortality went up to 64 per 1 , 000 and of child mortality rose to 92 per one , 000
in 1991 , spending on health was 0 . 31 per cent of the gdp ; in 1980 , their was 1 . 12 per cent .
this approach opens the door for seismic studies of local solar phenomena , such as inhomogeneities beneath the sun ' s surface near sunspots
the third united kingdom orbital debris / co - ordination group meeting was held at the university of southampton , england , on friday , 7 april 1995 .
as the wave travels into the interior , its path is curved back toward the surface due to the strong increase of temperature with increasing depth .
to focus on the commercial and technological strengths of canada to meet its needs in space science , automation and robotics , earth observation and communications .
unispace , the unit for space sciences at the university of kent , continues to lead the european community in the analysis of surfaces retrieved from orbit .
initiatives are under way to set up shelters in four provincial cities ( ica , arequipa , tarapoto and cuzco ) .
this project is a venture involving canadian and united states partners in the private sector , and will provide voice , data transmission and paging services to users .
the material that was mounted on the canadarm was positioned in the " ram " direction for 40 hours during the experiment .
no one will be subjected to discrimination on the basis of origin , race , sex , language , religion , opinion or economic status .
thousands of women have become heads of households because their spouses have died or abandoned the family .
that was reflected in the variety of projects undertaken by the participants , which included applications to terrestrial as well as marine environments .
defrayal of the local expenses of candidates from developing countries in the long - term fellowship programmes can be found in paragraph 19 and annex ii .
the course was conducted through a series of lectures and practical exercises which emphasized the use of ers data but did not exclude discussion of other satellite radar systems
there was a need for more extensive education in the benefits of space technology at all levels , from school children to political leaders .
lowering the perigee of the orbit , so that the orbital life is 25 years or less , is adequate to protect the future environment .
if national sovereignty is in no way affected , then their must give consent to the entry of foreign troops on to the territory of the republic .
there is a widespread self - help network operating throughout peru , based on the various community organizations , which provide a rapid response to family problems .
of 77 ngos that work with women , 42 do so on an exclusive basis and 35 incorporate the situation of women into their programmes .
in other department of interior ( doi ) activities , the bureau of reclamation used remote sensing and geographic information system ' s to aid in the management of water
promoting , ex officio or on application , judicial action is done in furtherance of legality and of the public interests safeguarded by law .
other roles of the centre include collecting and maintaining data on developments in space technology , as well as providing training and education and implementing joint studies with other organizations
nasa wanted to preserve the scientific integrity of eos as a global change program and to maintain the target launch schedule for core eos missions .
this is the third year that the haystack orbital debris radar , operated for nasa by mit ' s lincoln laboratory , has measured and monitored such debris
the payload unit multi - layer insulation ( mli ) is an octagonal structure 4 . 46 m in diameter and 1 . 40 m in height .
since 1980 , the population has been called to vote four times , three times for elections and once for a referendum in which the constitution was approved .
the gap between women ' s achievements and those of men is the result of functions imposed by society on the two sexes and not of biological differences .
independent workers and women who do unpaid family work make up 40 . 3 per cent and 25 . 5 per cent of the female eap .
india is developing its own cryogenic stage as a result of the suspension of transfer of cryogenic technology by glavkosmos of the russian federation .
the illiteracy rate among the population aged 15 and over fell from 16 . 0 to 10 . 7 per cent during the period 1983 - 1991 .
the communications package includes an s - band downlink and amateur radio store and forward communications with an audio repeater to stimulate radio interest among schoolchildren
to bridge the gaps between groups with competing interests , particularly those institutions or organizations which are mostly interested in the technical and business aspects of telecommunications .
the commercial float zone furnace will fly on the spacelab 04 mission to process 12 samples being investigated by researchers from canada , germany and the united states .
in order to be a minister of state , a person must be peruvian by birth , have citizenship rights and be at least 25 years of age .
the national office for food aid ( onaa ) , currently part of pronaa , provides programmes for food distribution to organized women ' s groups .
approximately 13 million peruvians live in poverty , according to the standards of living survey carried out in october and november 1991 .
the number of women who were not literate in rural areas diminished by 12 per cent , amounting to 103 , 000 in absolute terms .
their was stressed repeatedly during the meeting that the problem with adopting space technology in developing countries was not with the technology itself , which existed and was readily available
on 5 april 1992 he dissolved congress and called for elections , under decree - law no . 25684 , of the democratic constituent congress with 80 representatives
displacement due to the indiscriminate violence perpetrated by terrorist groups is one factor contributing to the migration to medium - sized cities .
the gap between men and women in terms of adequate payment went from 20 . 8 per cent in 1981 to 5 . 1 per cent in 1993 .
" men and women shall have equal opportunities for the enjoyment and exercise of civil rights " is stated in article 4 of the civil code .
if one looks at the specific fields in which they specialize , a disparity in the numbers of men and women attending university education is revealed .
inadequate prevention , lack of basic sanitary facilities and a deterioration in diet caused these factors to have a sharper impact from 1986 to 1991 .
all of the international space station program partners took part in a successful systems design review at johnson space center ( jsc ) , texas , in 1994 .
the most direct way to see the shape of a target using radar is to make the antenna beam sharp enough so that it can resolve the target .
it has been successfully investigating the composition of local interstellar matter and solar material and the transport of charged particles into the atmosphere of earth .
on 31 march 1995 , the office for outer space affairs requested each of the six potential host countries to provide by 30 june , 1995 .
since 1985 , the satellites have re - orbited gso satellites after end - of - life at least 150 km upward , aiming at 300 km .
unfortunately , the september 9 , 1994 launch of telstar 402 by an ariane launch vehicle from kourou , french guiana was not as successful .
this shows that the two bumper plates before the main plate did not provide any protection against the debris impact with 14 g in mass and 2 km / s
the power to administer justice comes from the people and is exercised by the judiciary through its hierarchical organs in accordance with the constitution and the laws .
participants emphasized the importance of showing the cost - effectiveness of using space technology for implementation of high - priority projects identified by governments in national programmes for sustainable development
in 1995 the programme received voluntary contributions , both in money and in kind , including sponsorship of technical and scientific presentations by several experts , as described below .
the amount of such analysis shows that the volume of relatively small debris observed with the mu radar is less than half of the sphere which has the same rc
the united nations and esa should keep in order with the participants after the course in order to keep them up to date developments in satellite radar technology .
peru is a multi - ethnic country with a population made up of 72 . 62 per cent spanish speakers and 27 . 38 per cent quechua speakers .
the ministry of the interior has set up human rights offices as a part of the prefectures , sub - prefectures , governorships and sub - governors
1official records of the general assembly , fiftieth session , supplement no . 20 ( a / 50 / 20 ) , para .
when the conjugal union appears as the plaintiff , it will be represented by either of the spouses according to the current code of civil procedure .
women made up 12 per cent of the civilian population that died of violence from 1982 to 1993 and 17 . 7 per cent in the period 1992 to 1993
gates would improve basic medical care and education on a global scale by using advanced communications and information technologies for telehealth and tele - education applications
according to statistics from the national penitentiary institute , 14 . 4 per cent of those in prison for the crime of terrorism from 1986 to 1990 were women .
the presence of women in legal decision - making bodies greatly promotes better understanding of the problem of violence against women , with regard to participation in the judiciary .
this channel can be used for training courses of long duration for special interest groups , without the usual constraints on the length and timing of the broadcast .
ground observations conducted under the near earth object program detected the shoemaker - levy 9 comet in 1993 and predicted its impact upon jupiter in july 1994 .
the male eap fell from 79 . 7 to 73 . 4 per cent , although men still make up the bulk of the labour force .
as of 31 october 1995 , membership of apscc had grown to 40 , and had spread from the asia - pacific geographical area to europe and north
all other support , including air travel for 13 participants , room and board , course materials and inland transport for all 25 participants , was provided by the government
the canadian radarsat spacecraft , successfully launched on 4 november 1995 , from the existing space debris environment , was protected by debris protection of active spacecraft measures .
to achieve that , the different maps must have similar levels of generalization , and similar original map scales of preparation .
" lewis " will be the first space - based " hyper - spectral " imaging system , with wide applications in earth science and new commercial business opportunities .
on 9 october 1993 , the programme of support for the population was established in order to assist the return of displaced people to their places of origin .
this experiment gave theorists new guidance for modeling how systems with many degrees of freedom respond to fluctuations , because it is known to physicists as dynamic critical phenomena
the united states has successfully employed 37 radioisotope thermoelectric generators ( rtg ' s ) on over 20 spacecraft launches .
to evaluate the impact on school performance of early entry by children into the job market and of the work done by girls who take responsibility for domestic tasks .
the availability of relatively low - cost launch opportunities has made their possible for educational institutions to develop , manufacture , test and operate a small satellite .
to establish territorial waters in japan , the positions of the mainland and the off - lying islands must be registered with the world geodetic system .
taking the initiative in the creation of laws and reporting to congress or the president of the republic on lacunae or deficiencies in legislation .
the selected model philosophies are important in terms of both risk and cost , and a protoflight approach is acceptable for such programmes .
block i has the new phase ii + powerhead , the single coil heat - exchanger , and the alternate high pressure oxidizer turbopump
the secretary - general was requested to collect information on the responsibility for the tragic incident that resulted in the death of the presidents of rwanda and burundi .
the secretary - general should present a report as soon as possible on the investigation of serious violations of international humanitarian law committed in rwanda during the conflict .
the early warning system for the southern africa development community ( sadc ) region is a component of the regional remote sensing project ( rrsp ) of the
the information received by the station can be disseminated directly to the local population through transistor radios , or directed to local emergency services .
the commission launched a study entitled " analysis of the constraints and opportunities for cost - effective implementation of earth observation techniques in developing countries " .
recent advances in technology , especially in video storage , processing , retrieval and transmission , have brought telehealth within the reach of a much broader community
research on and development of intersatellite communications with s - band , millimetre - wave and optical frequencies using ets - vi .
landslide hazard detection is being performed on the amman - jerash motorway in order to suggest an alternative route using aerial photographs , remote sensing and geographic sensors
nist used the device during a nasa / noaa field experiment in february 1994 at the marine optical buoy ( moby ) support facility in hawaii
iacg was supposed to informally coordinate all matters relating to the space missions to halley ' s comet and the observations of the comet from space .
with growing experience , users are expected to develop and use experimental equipment of their own design , which will help open the way for the development of advanced technology
since ers - 1 is still fully operational , the two satellites are operated by the european space agency in a tandem mode , which provides a unique opportunity
scientific and technological cooperation between developing countries and the commission of the european communities was becoming more important and comprehensive with regard to the transfer of technology and knowledge .
if disaster - response plans and mitigation strategies are in place prior to their occurrence , their disastrous effects can be lessened .
a working group of researchers from all over the country has been organized at isas to conduct a basic study on winged space vehicles .
it involved the development of applications - oriented earth remote sensing satellite radarsat , along with a synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) system as their remote sensing payload
vita found that one of the major needs for development is reliable communications and that the principal global telecommunications operators have little interest in providing service in most developing countries
in 1993 obstetrical beds numbered 3 , 677 , meaning they were available for 46 per cent of all women in childbirth .
the national park service started a comprehensive multi - year program in fy 1994 to map vegetation in 235 units of the national park system .
the report on the mission will be used to finalize the copine project document , which will be submitted for consideration to potential contributors in march 1996 .
in the interim between censuses , 1981 - 1993 , the proportion of women in the eap increased from 25 per cent to 29 . 5 per cent
their make up 73 per cent of the total number of illiterates , which shows that illiteracy in peru is a women ' s problem .
even where irrigation exists , the output can hardly generate the income required by a family , because the dimensions of the land owned by women are limited .
in 1994 , the results of research by saao staff and other astronomers using the facilities of saao were published in 146 papers in astronomical journals and in
the satellite system will be operated by the ministry of science , technology and environment through its technical authority in nrct and in cooperation with the canadian space agency
verification of the standardization of the inertial and gravitational mass ( theory of relativity ) with a relative precision of 10 - 17 is quick - step .
in 1981 , the ground receiving station was completely constructed , allowing it to receive landsat signals with the radius of data reception extending approximately 2 , 800 kilometres
a project has been undertaken by the economic and social commission for western asia to evaluate water resources in the region of south - western asia .
in each case , the event occurred because of stored energy in the flight performance residuals that had been on board at the end of the launcher stage mission
after launching , the chaser satellite detaches the target satellite in the sky , and then conducts rendezvous - docking experiments with the target satellite .
with improved skills , greater knowledge and up - to - date information afforded by those programmes , the recipients of training were better able to support national development plans
many of these projects are short - term in nature and are carried out in certain departments on the coast and in the sierra region , and few are carried
the block ii configuration was scheduled to enter service in september 1997 after development testing of the fuel turbopump was underway at the end of the fiscal year
space technology is ongoing in - house projects and contracting out development , a new strategic space technology development programme , and contributions to new esa programmes .
the other 13 participants were from nine countries : benin , burkina faso , cameroon , central african republic , chad , congo , gabon , niger and senegal .
the term of office of the attorney - general of the nation is three years , which may be extended by re - election for a further two years .
the new code is a step forward because previously , a women needed the authorization of their husband or , failing that , judicial authorization to appear in court proceedings
the cost to unep would be only us $ 6 million over a period of four years , and their would be much more effective .
when women have to work on a saturday afternoon , their working hours are not more than five hours , with time off on the monday if it is not
since then , a number of different techniques have been used to burn or vent the stored propellants and pressurants and to open electrical circuits and
it is not allowed for women who are minor to work in the following occupations , as per articles 19 and 20 of the supreme decree of 25 june 1921
municipal programmes for assistance to urban population groups reinforced women ' s organizations and created a new cadre of women who gained ground in the social and political arena
this is the case in the eap of metropolitan lima , with an average of 78 . 2 per cent of women , and 76 . 7 per cent
digital enhancement procedures ( filtering , colour coding , etc . ) that serve to highlight particular features of interest can help facilitate the interpretation of ers coding .
nasa , the air force , and gte corporation recently completed a program studying the growth of gallium arsenide in the space environment .
some 600 , 000 people ( 120 , 000 families ) are estimated to have been affected because their has not yet been possible to assess this phenomenon quantitatively
almost half of the 1 : 1 , 500 , 000 - scale geologic base map quadrangles have been completed to support nasa ' s venus geologic mapping
the series will test and demonstrate new and advanced technologies and applications of space - based remote sensing such as those for ocean resources monitoring and cartography .
nasa ' s demonstration of two new techniques for observing the environment from space was one of the activities their encompass a broad range of activities .
the commission is headed by a vice - minister representing the minister of justice , who in return represents peru in the inter - american commission of women .
the programme of the training course was prepared by the department of physical geography of stockholm university in consultation with the office for outer space affairs .
in 1994 oak ridge national laboratory in tennessee completed production of all the iridium parts that will be used to make the pu - 238 fuel .
this time period can ' t be discounted from the mother ' s earnings , regardless of the form of remuneration given for their work .
the same materials were sent out to the embassies of sweden in 75 countries and to previous participants in the course for local distribution .
the growing presence of women within the labour force has led to a trend towards a relative improvement in the situation of women with respect to employment in peru .
mapping will be done using medium - scale ( 1 : 20 , 000 ) natural color and color - infrared aerial photographs using a nationwide standardized classification system .
various scientific and technical proposals have been made so far , and they would necessitate , more or less , additional costs and the reduction of space system
radar has been the most effective way of observing debris of threatening size , which is debris pieces larger than 1 cm .
their is estimated that the women ' s police offices have been an option in only about 20 per cent of cases of domestic violence .
the activities carried out within the mandate of the programme in 1995 , those scheduled for implementation in 1996 and those proposed for 1997 are presented below .
in october 1993 the purpose of the experiment was to study the source and dynamics of gravity waves over the mid - pacific , involving experimenters from several academic
in the face of difficult budget decisions , the canadian government continues to recognize its responsibility for developing the mobile servicing system , which will provide external space station robotics
more than a hundred impact test data have been obtained in the impact velocity range of up to 5 km / s using a two - stage hydrogen light gas
the standing commission on women ' s and children ' s rights within the ministry of justice is the state institution for policy formulation and monitoring .
several european countries recently agreed to finance a satellite - based telecommunications system called mercure , for the benefit of the united nations environment programme .
these regulations in a code of commerce in force since 1902 show that a married women was dependent on their spouse in order to engage in commercial activity .
for objects smaller than the radar wavelength , rcs is inversely proportional to the 4th power of the wavelength , or the 4th power of the frequency .
congress gives effect to the political responsibility of the council of ministers , or of the ministers separately , through a vote of censure or no confidence .
poverty , limited access to health services and long and unpredictable working hours in the informal sector mitigate against preservation of the health of working women .
specialists from developing countries stressed the need for increased standardization of satellite data , and the committee of earth observation satellites was urged to continue to give attention to that
risk factors include the need for speed , uncomfortable working conditions , weak lighting , climatic problems , toxic substances , electromagnetic radiation , repetitive and boring work and sexual
the jobs done by women require speed , visual and mental concentration and manual dexterity , and immobility and long working hours are common .
since 1986 , the number of women who hold positions has increased throughout the branch , except in the supreme court .
galileo , on the other hand , made the curious discovery of the first confirmed moon around an asteroid , and did complete their encounter with the asteroid ida .
from january to august 1992 , their accounted for 27 per cent of the total budget allocated to poverty reduction programmes , equivalent to 35 million soles .
all objects left in orbit must be fully passive to prevent any further explosions after the end of the mission , whatever the mission may be .
according to analysis , the nitrogen tetroxide and helium could be heated to temperatures that would generate pressure exceeding the strength of the material .
until this discovery , their was believed that the bursts were limited to within the milky way galaxy , and that these huge explosions come from all directions .
the number of women affected by domestic violence is difficult to determine due to lack of reporting , under - reporting and inadequacy of official records .
on may 10 , 1994 , the white house announced the landsat remote sensing strategy , which will allow for continuity of existing landsat and future landsat
the tracking system has been used to demonstrate satellite broadcast of compact disk ( cd ) - quality radio to conduct measurements of path diversity for commercial mobile satellite communications
several participants , specifically from developing countries , are being trained in various aspects of space science and applications under the sharing of experience in space ( shares ) programme
congress approved the restart of development work on the fuel turbopump , which had been in caretaker status since 1991 , due to this success .
between 1970 and 1990 the frequency of deaths fell from 13 . 5 to 8 . 2 per 1 , 000 inhabitants .
as the secretariat of sac , sta has liaison and conducts negotiations between various government agencies , which allow smooth and effective development and utilization of space science and
space technology has a vital role to play in enhancing medical services , medical consulta - tions , and the monitoring of epidemic disease in remote and rural
women have good prospects and improved opportunities for entering the job market , and the right to vote has been given to illiterates .
although sexual violence is committed against both women and men , offical and unofficial reports show a higher incidence of such crimes against adult women , boys and girls
some solid pieces have reached the surface of earth in rare cases , such as skylab , cosmos 954 and the salyut 7 / cosmos 168
technical training is usually completed in three years , teacher training in five , and a university education , for which an entry examination is required , lasts at least
in the future , research methodologies would be tested for monitoring deforestation , and other data sources , such as spot and atsr - 2 , would
the service led a federal geographic data committee effort to develop national standards for mapping wetlands and was active in a similar attempt to define a standard for mapping upland
when both optical and radar satellite images are available , the two can be combined to exploit the complementarity that exists between the two data sets .
the funds for the participation of the 13 international participants from developing countries were obtained from budgetary allocations of the united nations and from financial support received from
a series of provisions limiting the commercial activity of married women were removed with the entry into force in july 1993 of the code of civil procedure .
this innovative technology will address the identification and characterization of mineralogy of waste materials and potential for development of acid mine drainage and occurrence of heavy metals at these
administrative inscription may be carried out in accordance with the provisions of book two , chapter vi , of the present code if the registry does not take place within
the case that deserves particular attention is that of the ayacucho mothers ' clubs , which were expanded and centralized against a background of armed violence .
despite widespread awareness of contraceptive techniques , an appropriate correlation between the number of children desired and the number of children born to women has not been achieved .
the registered population of peru ' s rural population centres is 6 , 589 , 757 , which is 29 . 9 per cent of the registered population
eight networks made up of ngos that work with women in such areas as food provisionment , health , education and the rural sector are currently operating in lima
in china , the direct and active participation of medical universities in the use and promotion of space technology has been very important in public health education and medical instruction
the gap in the distribution of income among women increased as women tended to be concentrated in the lowest income groups , or to put their another way .
for example , the lidar system discovered a 12 - kilometer - deep impact crater at the lunar south pole in the process .
network extensions would be relatively low - cost and could be funded by private sources , so only a few local engineers would be needed to focus on limited tasks
the preliminary report shows the data and analysis provided to the interagency floodplain management review committee , which was providing policy recommendations to the administration .
an announcement of opportunity to the international community to provide sensors to carry on board adeos was published to promote international cooperation in the field of earth observation
the development and fabrication of more advanced satellites in the insat - 2 series , in particular insat - 2c and insat - 2d , have
therefore , any location in the world could be observed by wedos at least once a day with 20 m resolution , and therefore irregularities and environmental changes can
information like this allows better medium and long - range planning of agriculture and forestry activities , as well as more effective mitigation in an area covering millions
the first satellite of this series , the solar , anomalous and magnetospheric particle explorer , was launched on 3 july 1992 .
each mission is expected to cost about us $ 50 million for design , development and 30 days of in - orbit operations , and their weighs 250 kilogram
the effects of disasters can only be reduced through the deployment of the very best systems and knowledge , as well as following well - prepared overall national and regional
the output from this project is fed into the data used by the regional early warning unit ( rewu ) and the household food security project .
adeos will carry two core sensors , the ocean colour and temperature scanner ( octs ) , and the advanced visible and near infrared radiometer (
decides to expand unamir ' s mandate under resolution 912 ( 1994 ) to include additional responsibilities within the limits of the resources available to their .
in 1990 the japan society for aeronautical and space sciences ( jsass ) founded the space debris study group , but any systematic or organized activities were not
daily noaa / avhrr satellite images are used as a primary input source to produce monthly inventories of the whole country in the form of vegetation
ers satellites carry an along - track scanning radiometer ( atsr ) , a dual instrument constituted by an optical and a passive microwave radiometer .
a typical " small satellite mission " , including launch , typically costs less than us $ 20 million , and most microsatellite projects cost about us
this global network of observatories using inmarsat systems contributes to the prediction and monitoring of hurricanes , typhoons and other variables affecting maritime weather
vitanet software interfaces will allow it to link the satellite system and packet radio networks , so that fully automated end - to - end communications are possible .
in areas where geography or climate have hampered their installation and maintenance , such systems have been virtually useless , and thus have been of limited value to disaster managers
a number of interesting magnetic cataclysmic variables have been discovered as a result of the follow - up of rontgen satellite x - ray
the united nations / international astronautical federation workshop on space technology for health care and environmental monitoring in the developing world is summarized in the present report .
in absolute figures , this meant that the labour force doubled , meaning a demand for the creation of an additional 283 , 000 jobs per year on average .
after the end of life ( eol ) reorbiting geo satellites at least 150 km upward , aiming at 300 km since 1985 .
new data on the convection and internal rotation of stars by long - term measurement of stellar oscillations has been published by mission corot : astros
ayacucho is the department that produces the most internally displaced persons , most of whom belong to peasant movement .
most radars used for space debris monitoring use a frequency of 5 - 10 ghz , or even higher , in order to obtain a high sensitivity for small
the goes - 8 and subsequent goes satellites are the prime observational platforms for dynamic weather and the near - earth environment for the 1990s and beyond .
the preparation of large - scale photographic prints of ers images may be cost - effective if their is initially left to service companies in europe and elsewhere .
their number tends to be proportional to the number of representatives of each parliamentary group , and may not exceed 25 per cent of the total number of members of
the most striking change is in the number of women in higher education : from 8 per cent in 1981 , it increased to 19 per cent in 1993 .
a follow - up training course should be organized to share operational experiences on applications of ers data and consolidate technical concepts introduced during the present course .
the advanced composite material exposure experiment ( acomex ) was also a shuttle - based experiment flown on sts - 41g in october 1994 .
los alamos national laboratory , new mexico , pressed the initial flight pellets of pu - 238 and welded them into the iridium capsules .
the central body responsible for the development of space technology in japan and the promotion of space activities solely for peaceful purposes was established in 1969 by law .
this is not hot enough to make the wind go as fast as it does , meaning that there is an unknown electromagnetic process near the sun that is responsible
a series of systematic observations by astronomers suggest that there is a great attractor , a concentration of mass that causes a bulk flow of galaxies toward it .
the practical use of satellite data with emphasis being placed on developing simple - to - use and low - cost applications should be promoted in developing countries .
among the men , 31 . 4 per cent had some university education and 3 . 9 per cent held a phd or postgraduate degree .
supernovae is among the most accurate of the standard candles , suitable for use as distant probes measuring features of the early universe .
there are gaps among women that are linked to their geographical location , socio - economic level and political participation , as well as their cultural and racial origins .
the local angle of incidence on the ground is slightly greater than this due to the curvature of earth , so the look for the ers satellites is 23
intelsat will boost its communication satellites into an orbit at least 150 km above the geostationary arc at the end of their operational lifetimes .
the largest gaps in educational levels between the sexes occur among people aged 40 to 44 according to an analysis of the available data by age group and sex .
the application of seismology to the study of the solar interior has advanced thanks to the prediction and measurement of the sun ' s frequencies of osci
the committee for the revaluation of women was established in 1972 by the ministry of education during the regime of general velasco alvarado .
it was followed by dbs - 2 , which was successfully launched from cape canaveral afs by a martin marietta atlas iia .
the canadian space agency is pleased to report on the acquisition and understanding of data on the characteristics of the space debris environment and mitigation techniques .
it was essential for the fews programme to be reviewed and improved in order to make their more effective as a tool for the mitigation of drought
sampex is supposed to monitor energetic electrons and atomic ions from the sun and from interplanetary , interstellar , and magnetospheric space
there has been a slight increase in the number of births with professionals in attendance from 1982 - 1986 , from 49 per cent to 53 per cent .
this principle is set out in article 4 of the civil code , which states that men and women have equal capacity to enjoy and to exercise civil rights .
the rate of illiteracy applies to 18 . 3 per cent of all women and a much lower proportion - 7 . 1 per cent - of men
their is in these regions that the social and economic disadvantages are the most severe , and that the chronic problems of cultural , social and political isolation are
thirty - eight per cent of the children live in urban areas and 62 per cent in rural regions , 46 per cent are girls , and 64 per cent
the economically active population was mostly male , men representing 70 . 4 per cent of the eap , but women accounted for nearly one - third .
they have more tasks and roles to fulfill , compounded by the increased abuse and danger derived from their position as displaced persons .
the number of women in high - level managerial posts in public administration is less than that of men , although their grew steadily in the 1980s and 1990s .
there is a clear split along gender lines in both the field of university specialization and areas in which male and female members of ngos are working .
in developing countries , the development of various essential indigenous capacities , particularly human resources , within each region is a major prerequisite to successful space technology applications
in 1983 , nearly half of the members were women , but by 1993 their numbers had diminished , despite the fact that their national governing body has undergone "
the 1979 constitution gave the right to vote to all women over the age of 18 , literate or illiterate , and this rule is in force
the radar altimeter allows for the measurement of wind speed , wave height , sea - surface elevation , ice profile , land and ice topography , and sea
they have determined the composition and electrical charge of these rays in the region beyond the earth ' s upper atmosphere where the planet ' s magnetic field affects charged
multispectral data , such as those acquired by the irs , landsat , meteosat and spot series of satellites , were collected in multiple
separated apogee boost motors used for geostationary satellites should be inserted into a disposal position at least 300 km above the earth ' s surface .
nasa astronauts bonnie dunbar and norm thagard have been training to fly on the mir space station since march 1994 , at the russian cosmonaut training center
bnsc coordinated the collection and processing of data relating to the activities and capabilities of united kingdom industry , academic institutions and government research centres .
irs - 1c and irs - 1d , currently being developed , will further enhance satellite - based remote sensing services , by launching more advanced satellites .
the creation of mission - related objects will be precluded during the operational lifetime of the planned envisat spacecraft of the european space agency .
the trend has been fueled by the country ' s increasingly tight economy , which makes their almost imperative for a family to have an income to supplement that of
at 11 : 45 p . m . , the delta ' s second stage ejected the 23 - kilogram seds - 2 using a spring - loaded
the latin american committee for the defense of women ' s rights ( cladem ) has a section in the country that deals with the rights of women .
in september , nasa released a major solicitation for a " common " spacecraft bus for several of the subsequent eos flights with selection expected in 1995
the feminist organization manuela ramos estimates the number of rapes of women to be close to 25 , 000 a year .
the council of ministers is composed of ministers of state , who are appointed and removed from office by the president of the republic .
the general assembly in its resolution 45 / 72 of 11 december 1990 endorsed the recommendation of copuos , in recognition of such a prerequisite .
the world ' s first satellite voice connection to a cellular - sized phone , announced in march 1994 , was among the organization ' s accomplishments during the year
there is a distinction between those that are now operational and those that were in effect for many years , as well as proposals , plans and programmes relating to
these recommendations are aimed at all relevant entitites , including the united nations , governments and space agencies , whose timely interventions may serve to improve the
in an era of advanced information technology and manned space flight , the communications research laboratory is conducting research and development on various kinds of space technologies to meet diversified
women leaders of women ' s organizations became the targets for terrorist attacks after the installation of sendero luminoso in the shanty towns of lima .
as of february 1995 , 21 scientific and test spacecraft had been launched , including suisei and sakigake , which explored halley ' s comet
the results contributed to the development of a management plan for leafy spurge in the park , as well as insight into the application of integrated spatial technologies
such merging operations have to overcome difficulties of image co - registration , such as accurate matching of common features appearing on both images when these are superimposed
to the extent possible , the assembly noted that information should be given to the scientific and technical subcommittee of the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space .
according to recent estimates , 54 per cent of people displaced during the 12 years of terrorist violence have moved within their department , while the rest have migrated elsewhere
at the request of the office , the united nations economic commission for africa recommended four experts , who reviewed the reports of the office .
women make up more than 50 per cent of staff in the medical field and do their work under precarious conditions and for slim recompense .
the spacecraft , which weighed 63 kilogram , waited six days in its get away special ( gas ) container before it was deployed into their initial circular orbit
the public prosecutor ' s department is separate from the institution of the ombudsman , which is one of the main innovations of the new peruvian constitution
nasa was working with the russians to get their liaison office established in houston before the end of the fiscal year , and a nasa liaison team was in place
combining the fuel type with other parameters allowed fire - suppression authorities to combat forest fires more effectively , thereby dramatically reducing annual losses and achieving significant savings in fire
this accords with the opinion that when the national educational service " got off the ground " in the 1950s , men were first in terms of attendance at
hostility and indifference in the new environment , turning women into the subject of jokes and the object of scorn , abuse and aggression .
life expectancy for women in urban areas was 7 years longer than for women in rural areas , which is why there are more striking differences between the female
the purpose of this mobile satellite communications program is to enhance the competitiveness of the united states industry in the global satellite communications arena .
the ozone hole is a large area of ozone depletion that occurs over antarctica during late august through early october and typically breaks up in late november .
when any of the circumstances outlined in the previous article apply , the penalty is for a minimum of eight and a maximum of 12 years .
it has been argued that this shows the strong influence of atmospheric density , which reduces with altitude , and which determines the orbital lifetime of the debris particulate
a follow - up advanced training course / seminar will be held involving participants who have used ers data from the libreville station in an operational setting .
the fs started partnerships with international , federal , state , and private organizations for ecosystem assessment , which resulted in greater use of satellite data and increased understanding
a number of feminist non - governmental organizations at the local and national level are working for the advancement of women and serve as advisors for feminist grass - roots
the satellite is at an altitude of 950 km and has an inclination of 82 . 5 degrees and an orbital eccentricity of less than 0 . 0001
from 1982 to 1986 coverage increased , although the number of women fully immunized cannot be determined , since the number of doses was not recorded in 1986
there could be opportunities in the use of satellite communications services for tele - education and telemedicine , as well as for research into global change
new demonstrations and experiments designed to extend and enhance the insat services for various purposes , especially for new classes of telecommunication services and tele - education ,
a person who forces a woman to abort without her consent is subjected to a minimum of three and a maximum of five years .
a high proportion of current members of ngos - around a third - comes from disadvantaged sectors of the population and is made up of migrants seeking professional advancement .
from 1981 to 1991 , the police recorded 55 , 600 complaints of sexual violence , meaning rape , seduction and indecent acts .
the multi - hundred - watt rtg on the voyager 2 spacecraft , launched in 1977 , has continued to operate as their has traveled beyond neptune into space
in addition , programmes that were not originally intended for women but ended up involving primarily women were carried out , including the temporary income support programme .
venusian areas of high gravity correspond to areas of high elevation , in contrast to the situation on earth , where mountain ranges correspond to gravitational lows .
india prepared a series of small technology development and scientific satellites called rohini and the stretched rohini scientific satellite ( sross ) series in order to develop
the functions of the visible and infrared spin scan radiometer ( vissr ) of the gms - 5 have been improved compared to those of the gm
the standing commission on women ' s and children ' s rights was established in october 1993 under supreme decree no . 038 - 93 - jus .
to approve legislative decrees and emergency decrees as may be issued by the president of the republic , and bills , decrees and decisions as provided for by law .
when we break down this figure by region , their see that the situation is worse in the north , where the difference between the sexes is 12 . 9
attracting personnel from industry , the academic world and government and maintaining flexible budgetary and organizational procedures and mechanisms are necessary to ensure the full and effective implementation of
while the global average temperature has been rising in recent decades , the warming has not been truly global and has occurred mainly at night according to the findings of
radar backscatter is dominated by the geometrical and electrical properties of surface materials , which must be taken into account during the interpretation of radar images .
the first is the potential analyser , which is composed of two planar detectors to measure plasma parameters and to investigate the energetic structure of the equatorial
in general , like - polarized signals , such as the vv polarization of the ers instruments , are better at penetrating vegetation than crossed -
a satellite data link is a system that improves the communication quality and surveillance capability of air traffic control for the safety of transoceanic flights .
in 1959 volunteers in technical assistance ( vita ) was created to provide technical information and assistance to individuals and groups in developing countries .
this low - cost communication capability has proven to offer dramatic results in relief efforts that have not been possible before in the relatively short time of their commercial availability
satellite data has been used in many fields , including agriculture , forestry , land use and land cover mapping , geology , map updating , natural disaster monitoring
data products conforming to international standards are being supplied to users worldwide , and are being supplemented by value - added products in map format , for use in
the goal of the study was to facilitate decisions on future european investments in space technology applications by providing an assessment of potential opportunities in developing countries for remote sensing
remote sensing has become an important source of geographic information on current land cover and land use needed for rational development and sustainable management of agricultural and forestry resources and
in hazard prevention studies , the interpretation of satellite data together with the analysis of geological records can be used to reconstruct a historical overview of the occurrence
a resource centre has been created for teachers , courses for teacher training are being developed , and plans to include astronomy in the physical science syllabus of
the use of gto could benefit from frequent piggyback launch opportunities while avoiding the complexity and extra costs associated with an apogee propulsion system .
the satellite applications centre of the south african council for scientific and industrial research ( csir ) is located in the vicinity of johannesburg .
lists and reports can be quickly and transmitted via mobile satellite communications systems to disaster relief coordinators and other agencies using existing software programs for the management of personnel
i am deeply disturbed by the magnitude of the human suffering caused by the conflict and concerned that the situation in rwanda constitutes a threat to peace and security in
by bringing in fly - away transportable antennas , it will be possible to re - establish contact with the rest of the world on the dama network
the global concern for the environment and sustainable development has led countries to cooperate further and make available a wider range of space - based technologies and know - how
the microwave sounder is a passive radiometer , which is used primarily to correct radar altimeter measurements and to determine the atmospheric vapour content .
a single hazardous event can destroy the social and economic infrastructure , including communications systems , which may have taken years to develop and upon which their vitality local
however , the built - in design margins of ers - 1 allow their operational use in the field of interferometry , for which it was
the air travel and per diem expenses of 14 participants from 11 developing countries of the eca region were covered by funds allocated by the united nations and
in the near future , the esa satellites envisat - 1 and metop - 1 , under a joint project with eumetsat , were scheduled
the role of women police officers in the women ' s police offices has been restricted due to the small number of members and insufficient assignment of members to the
the national research council of thailand ( nrct ) , under the auspices of the thailand remote sensing centre , is the national centre for remote sensing activities .
the first stage is powered by the lb - 7 , a staged combustion - cycle liquid - oxygen and liquid hydrogen engine , which delivers a thrust of 110
the increasing volumes of image data that are generated or the number of image products that are sold should not be used as a way to gauge the success of
the japan meteorological agency conducts space - based meteorological observations using gms and meteorological rockets as part of the world weather watch programme of the world meteorological organization .
a number of possible subjects for such studies , including microsatellites and small satellites , current projects and future perspectives for international cooperation , were identified by
development of a gps overlay is a system that recovers the accuracy degradation of the gps system by using gps signals transmitted by a satellite .
earth observation ( completion of radarsat i , initiation of radarsat ii , advanced radar technology development , ground segment upgrades , applications development and technology transfer )
landslide hazard in the wadi al - karak basin are being studied using geographic information systems and spot images to delineate areas of existing landslides and
dama is a flexible , pay - as - you - use service that offers improved connectivity at a low cost , while also providing a complete digital solution
it was noted that one of the primary measures to be implemented was the development of techniques that would provide rapid and accurate information about forest conditions .
disaster mitigation efforts of relief organizations , such as the many planned low earth orbit ( leo ) systems , will be greatly improved in the future .
the m - v launch vehicle was developed by isas to provide larger launch capability to meet the requirements of space science in the late 1990s and the twenty
as transnational industrial cooperation has become an important factor in shaping the character of space activities throughout the world , emphasis was placed on increasing cooperation across national borders
since 1981 , the surrey satellite technology limited ( sstl ) team have logged over 25 orbit - years of microsatellite operations .
under the japan - german technological cooperation agreement , germany and japan cooperate in conducting various experiments and life science investigations using microgravity , one of the properties
sixty - nine experts from 18 states members of the united nations and eight international and regional organizations participated in the workshop , which had 44 participants from 14 developing
nasa plans to develop and operate an earth observing system called am1 ( eos - am1 ) polar platform , which will create an integrated scientific observation
the most spectacular results were obtained with the ir camera on the telescope , which showed the development of the fireball caused by the impact of each fragment .
galileo examined another asteroid , gaspra , which travels in the main asteroid belt orbiting the sun between mars and jupiter , while on its way to jupiter .
the dark signature of still water in a radar image associated with the all - weather capability of the instrument is the most conventional use of radar data .
the h - ii launch vehicle is the main system developed by japan for space transportation in the 1990s and is able to meet the demand for large satellite launches
the purpose of the study was to give an overview of the rapidly evolving field of small satellites , which should be easily accessible to countries with limited or newly
many of those systems made use of satellite remote - sensing data to determine the risk that a fire would spread .
after the commissioning phase of ers - 2 , the two satellites will operate in tandem with ers - 2 at a separation time of 1 day .
the first documented census was conducted by the spaniards in 1548 and indicated a population of 8 . 3 million in the governoratealty of peru .
space agencies were able to benefit from involvement in aid projects in fields such as education by generating increased public and political interest , and by demonstrating their usefulness
on 10 december 1982 , the general assembly adopted resolution 37 / 90 , which endorsed the recommendations of the second united nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses
the data acquisition programmes cover the entire southern african region up to the equator , thanks to the geographic position of the centre at hartebeesthoek
south africa uses the satellites of intelsat for its public traffic with foreign countries , as well as for the distribution of broadcasting signals in south africa .
because of the large space - to - ground distance involved , the data rates are small , or larger ground antennas and higher electrical power on board the spacecraft
international and national institutions that were actively involved in space activities were invited to present an overview of programmes and specific applications in which cooperative activities with institutions from developing
presentations also covered case - studies and pilot projects on the use of satellite technology to improve food security , education and health , and to upgrade communications infrastructure and
that was accomplished by addressing the problems caused by insufficient information in education , environmental monitoring , management of natural resources and disaster warning , mitigation and prevention
the vulnerability assessment used hypervelocity impact equations , as well as subjecting spacecraft hardware to hypervelocity impact tests at the nasa johnson space
immunization coverage has increased in comparison with previous years , this expansion having been made possible partly by the immunization days held since the mid -
the feasibility and usefulness of a future operational small satellite system for fire reconnaissance will be demonstrated by the pre - operational fire reconnaissance system ( fires ) ,
as the fiscal year ended , the mound plant of eg & g mound applied technologies in miamisburg , ohio , was proceeding according to plan .
when a person is summoned to appear before a commission responsible for such an investigation , attendance is compulsory and subject to the same constraints as those in judicial procedure
interruption of unwanted pregnancies and childbirth without adequate clinical care is one of the main causes of maternal mortality .
the public prosecutor ' s department must strive to achieve the reconciliation of the couple and any other family members involved in a conflict through the provincial civil prosecutor .
by staying in communities exposed to violence , peasant women have been subjected to robbery , looting , crime , torture , the burning of crops , sexual abuse ,
on 9 february 1993 , a pegasus launcher launched the first brazilian data collection satellite , with an inclination of 25 degrees and an altitude of 750 km .
the first of two formal certification units has successfully completed its 20 test series and the oxidizer turbopump has satisfied their requirements for total development seconds
despite those efforts , the lack of trained personnel in developing countries continued to be a critical constraint on the full exploitation of remote sensing and geographic information systems for
additional analysis of pre - and postflood aerial photographs by epic in fy 1994 identified and mapped changes that have occurred at known waste disposal sites affected
the present report has been prepared by the secretariat and is based on information provided by member states , as well as national and international space organizations .
although international law contains mechanisms for protecting refugees , who are cross - border migrants , their is for each affected state to solve the problem of internally - displaced
in criminal matters where the law favours the defendant , a law may be repealed only by another law , and no law may have retroactive force or
canada is continuing work on the mobile servicing system , their contribution to the largest international science project in history , the international space station alpha .
between 1975 - 1980 and 1990 - 1995 , life expectancy for women increased by 7 . 8 years , and the gap between urban and rural areas remained
in 54 per cent of all the complaints submitted from 1991 to 1992 , the aggressor was the victim ' s spouse and in 40 per cent
we find women participating in political affairs within political parties , as members or leaders , and in the highest spheres of government as ministers of state , members of
the primary purpose of the space shuttle was to transport people and cargo safely into low - earth orbit , 180 to 600 kilometers above the earth .
the number of objects in the gto is increasing and is considered to be hazardous to future space activities because of their long orbital life .
the analyst used photographic interpretation elements such as tone , texture , shape , drainage , landforms , topography , and lineaments to facilitate visual classification .
in the fall of 1993 nass entered into a cooperative agreement with the intertribal agricultural council to collect pilot - level data on native american farm operator
more than 30 different classrooms in local schools throughout the year were visited by ngdc employees to present workshops on such subjects as earthquakes , volcanoes , and geo
in association with national or international entities experienced in the specific area of application , access to more detailed training is highly desirable .
dr . b . thirsk was selected as a payload specialist for space shuttle flight , following a rigorous international selection process involving astronauts from several countries .
an rtg is a device without moving parts that converts the heat from the decay of the radioisotope plutonium - 238 into electricity .
many different types of enhancement were possible , including contrast stretching , filtering , formation of band ratios , intensity - hue - saturation transformations , and the formation
paragraph 17 states the right of all persons to participate , individually or collectively , in the political , economic , social and cultural life of the nation .
after that , seds - 2 remained in space to determine the resistance of its braided polyethelene to micrometeoroids , space debris
the laser retroreflector is used as a target by ground - based laser ranging stations in order to determine the accurate position of the satellite .
the international telecommunications satellite organization ( intelsat ) has adopted practices to minimize the creation of space debris in the region of geostationary orbits .
the migration and urbanization processess of the past 20 years have been characterized by a higher rate of growth of medium - sized cities as compared to metropolitan
in order to ensure that the radarsat spacecraft would not prematurely become space debris as a result of a space debris impact , such measures were necessary .
when reference is made to civilian deaths , these were mainly peasant men and women who died during the first years of terrorist violence , during which entire villages were
the usuda deep space centre is 1 , 450 metres above sea level and is surrounded by mountains that block out city noise .
while the overall percentage of cloud cover in a given image might be acceptably low , the clouds that were present might obscure the specific geographical zone of interest
using high time resolution , scientists calculated the way in which the plasma flow changed in response to conditions in the solar wind . they displayed the results graphically
between 1978 and 1991 scientific microsatellites weighing 15 - 50 kg were developed for the magnetosphere - ionosphere ( magion ) research programme in
it is affiliated with the latin american council for adult education ( ceaal ) and consists of five ngos and is for the purpose of coordinating activities in
the nature of a diplomatic career , requiring constant travel and changes of residence , is at odds with the mentality and roles traditionally assigned to women in our
in those two decades , the peruvian population increased by 60 per cent , reaching 21 , 550 , 300 , slightly less than the latin american average , at
the technical assistance programme is to be extended to include regional commissions of the united nations through participation in courses organized by the united nations and the european space agency
on a hill about 700 metres south - west of the launch site is the telemetry centre , where balloon tracking , telemetry receiving and telecom
to expand coeducational opportunities in all public and private educational institutions as a means of training children and adolescents in a social context of equality , without
over the years , this traditional picture has changed due to a number of reasons , such as the gradual lifting of women ' s educational levels , and consequently
in terms of legislation , article 2 , paragraph 2 of the peruvian constitition states that every person has the right to equality before the law .
women ' s responsibilities and workloads have been magnified because they have been subjected to racism , been brutally uprooted from their homes , and
the office of polar programs continued during the year to support researchers studying the cause and effects of the ozone hole at each of three year - round stations .
data from the satellite has allowed scientists to track disturbances caused by the el nino event of 1991 - 93 , the longest one in the last 40 years .
for example , the usgs has begun studying the sahara in north africa , the southern part of africa , asia , and the southwestern united states using images
canadian scientists participated in the second international microgravity laboratory mission , which was launched in july 1995 and was attended by scientists from france , germany , japan
others stop the proceedings because they feel that the solutions offered by the legislation and the authorities do not meet their needs ( refuge , occupation , family responsibility )
if the confidence motion is rejected , or if the council is censured , resigns or is dissolved by the president of the republic , the cabinet
their were selected mainly on the basis of their needs and their perceived capacity to provide the necessary physical and governmental environment that would allow the project to be successfully
these missions have allowed 52 scientists and ground teams around the world to observe the shifting boundaries between temperate and boreal forests , as well as other natural phenomena
the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland recognizes the unique nature of the altitude and the need to preserve this global resource for future development and exploitation .
the initial procedures to deplete stored energy were developed in 1981 when it was discovered that second stages of the delta launcher would explode some time after completion
the variation of rcs was tracked for about 20 sec after the target , which turned out to be the kosmos 1023 rocket booster , passed
failure to start school at an early age and the interruption of schooling before gaining a good command of reading and writing skills are some of the causes of ill
at that early stage displaced persons were mainly from ayacucho and managed to find places for themselves in the marginal zones of the capital cities .
magellan , which had been providing scientific data about venus for several years , concluded its mission in a final experiment as it entered the planet ' s atmosphere
since the inception of the system in 1982 , a total of 4 , 310 lives have been saved as of september 30 , 1994 - - 960 of their
analyses were underway at the end of the year to ensure the compatibility of design modifications to the external tank , main engine , solid rocket boosters , and
remote sensors were useful in formulating disaster mitigation measures and in monitoring , and could assist in risk analyses by promoting understanding of the processes that led
the changes in the production structure were accompanied by an urbanization process which has oriented population distribution towards the major coastal cities , especially metropolitan lima .
researchers concluded that while the area of deforestation had tripled in the 10 - year period , the total deforested area was smaller than predicted by
the fs employed airborne scanners , including firefly developed by jpl , to help map and determine both speed and direction of the fires .
intensive ch4 measurement and modeling is underway because of significant uncertainties in both anthropogenic and natural emission data that are critical for estimating the
the commercial titan - 2 stage is modified so that it won ' t overpressurize during the period before atmospheric re - entry .
anyone who exploits the illegal gains of a person who engages in prostitution is subjected to a minimum of three and a maximum of eight years .
in august 1994 nasa , noaa , and the canadian space agency reached a final agreement on the data policy for the canadian radarsat spacecraft .
in this sense , the drop in income affects men more than women , in that there is a group of women who have experienced smaller reductions in their re
the europeans have expressed interest in looking at the possibilities of providing a crew rescue vehicle and an automated transfer vehicle , which would provide propellant resupply
despite these types of apprenticeship and the contributions of women to political life , their participation seems to have hit a stalemate , and in absolute terms , it
visual interpretation of imagery of areas of rugged terrain can be hampered by effects such as radar shadowing , layover , and foreshortening .
both the legal system and steps taken by the state and society have not been enough to prevent and punish the various forms of sexual aggression against women , boys
it is customary for one person to be assisted by many , with an obligation to reciprocate , which includes agricultural tasks and cooperation in various economic
social security coverage has been expanded , and to this end , recipients are divided into two categories : compulsory and voluntary .
scientists have determined that chlorine products from human activities , such as electronics manufacturing , air conditioning , and refrigeration , are a primary cause
the life expectancy of our population increased by 9 . 4 years during that period , with life expectancy at birth increasing from 54 years to 63 .
under supreme decree no . 002 - 70 - tr , they are given the right to vacation time , compensation for length of service and a minimum rest
investigations on animals and plants showed the effects of microgravity and radiation on growth patterns , genetic material , bone development , cell differentiation and reproduction , and
in addition , it and other usda agencies agreed with the dod to purchase gps units to collect georeferences for natural resource data to be included
the new canadian space programme ( csp ) announced in 1994 and other canadian government departments and agencies involved in space are continuing efforts to implement their .
five people noted for their learning , nominated by the prime minister following approval by the diet , and the minister of state for science and technology serving as chairman
since current theory predicts baryonic mass must be less than 5 percent to " close " the universe , this finding has implications for cosmology
the nominal orbits of satellites in the constellation have been adjusted to provide for miss distances greater than 100 km at the polar region .
the space shuttle main engine program has been pursuing performance enhancing changes in engine operation for block ii - - part of the overall shuttle performance enhancement program to support
a study on the establishment of a multinational organization that will facilitate the operation and utilization of the cotopaxi ground station and their services has been completed .
there are 1 , 784 , 281 illiterates in peru , 15 , 177 ( 0 . 8 per cent ) fewer than in 1981 .
astronomers have identified what they think are massive black holes in the middle of distant galaxies that are sending gamma rays in earth ' s direction .
since 1962 japan has been participating in discussions of the united nations committee on the peaceful uses of outer space and its legal subcommittee and scientific and technical subcommittee ,
all parties to the conflict must immediately cease hostilities , agree to a cease - fire , and bring an end to the mindless violence and carnage that is
mobile satellite communications systems are not affected by natural disasters , and they are frequently the only means of communications to and from a stricken area because they are independent
the media uses inmarsat systems to report on disasters , especially for the transmission of compressed and slow - scan videos , still pictures and direct , high
these systems , including the proposed globalstar system , will provide a wide array of opportunities for information exchange through voice , digital data transfer and paging .
the space age began with the launch of small scientific satellites in 1958 , the international geophysical year , because of the limited capacity of the first space launcher
the main activities of the ministry include research on and development of long - range space communication concepts , complex satellite systems and a pilot plan for promoting satellite utilization
in other cities , there have been half as many complaints or less , partly because of their smaller populations but also because of greater difficulty of access to institutions
a new technique using synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) satellite data has been introduced in the analysis of vertical displacement associated with fault radar .
through the airlock , the pressurized module will be used to exchange experimental equipment or samples between the exposed section of the experiment logistics module .
further information on sunsat can be found on the internet at http : / / esl . ee . sun . ac . za and arnsat
expressing once again its alarm at reports of systematic , widespread and flagrant violations of international humanitarian law in rwanda , as well as other violations of the rights
its design has three - axis stabilization that allows the satellite ' s sensors to observe the earth continuously , compared to only 5 percent of the time for current
thailand has been a member of intelsat since its inception , and has recently become a member of inmarsat , which allows it to provide international telecommunication
they represent 55 ethno - linguistic groups belonging to over 12 linguistic families , the largest being the campas , aguaruna and shipibo
the system has six components : a yag laser , a light beam expander , a telescope , a ccd camera , a photo multiplier
over the past decade , the conception of women ' s roles has evolved , in terms of both women ' s own expectations for themselves and of society '
cultural diversity , income generation , rural development , irrigation and technical irrigation works , decision - making , literacy , organization and management are some of the main objectives
ground controllers back on earth calculated the strength of gravity in these locations by tracking the spacecraft ' s precise speed over specific areas of the planet .
nal considers key technologies for winged systems of space transport to be essential to the pursuit of autonomous space activities by japan in the coming century .
sunsat is gravity - gradient - stabilized for minimum energy consumption , but includes magnetictorquers , small reaction wheels and precision horizon sensors for attitude control
major changes in the nature of projects were brought about by the 1980s : some explicitly acknowledged women as social agent and beneficiary and others involved their
though there are no national figures , a number of sources point to a majority of women in the displaced population .
in 1989 , 56 . 7 per cent of the women convicted of terrorism received some university education , and 10 per cent held a phd or postgraduate degree .
in commercial legislation , the explicit statement that the regulations that discriminated on grounds of gender were abolished is a clear expression of equality between the sexes .
this nationwide average may be broken down to reflect the situation in urban and rural areas : 24 . 7 per cent in the latter and 20 . 1 per
researchers established a gravity threshold , the point where gravity ' s effects can be observed , for two organisms - - euglena and jellyfish .
because planets are the only heavenly bodies that can support life , the existence of planets around other stars would increase the likelihood of life in other parts of the
this brought together speakers from bnsc , the university of southampton , the university of london , sira , the defence research agency and advanced system architectures
disasters , which often result in an affected country shifting its economic policies to sustain the energy required to cope with disaster response and subsequent reconstruction , are some of
infrared astronomical satellite sources in the sagittarius - i field were studied and their properties compared to those in the large magellanic cloud and solar
the council of the european organization for the exploitation of meteorological satellites ( eumetsat ) recently decided to co - sponsor two training centres in africa in response
lack of data relating to the spatial and temporal dimensions of the problem may be one of the reasons for the limited success in the control of land degradation and
this new microsatellite , called astrid , is shaped like a box with sides measuring approximately 50 x 50 cm and has a mass of 25 cm
experiments for the precise measurement of crustal movement and rotation of the earth using the very long baseline interferometer and satellite laser ranging systems .
the spacecraft engineering research unit at the university of surrey in the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland is probably the most experienced research unit in the field
if the woman dies and the agent of abortion could have prevented her death , the penalty is a minimum of five and a maximum of ten years .
the existence of supreme resolution no . 183 - 94 - pcm , which approved the budgetary programme to direct basic social spending - organizational regulation , should
a large number of women do not submit complaints for lack of proximity or because of the cost of the procedures , according to the expenditure for the report of
a number of important criteria , such as cloud cover , date and frequency of image acquisition and spectral and spatial characteristics , must be taken into account when ordering
their was recommended that such centres should train staff from different institutions so as to encourage information sharing , reduce the amount of overlap , and minimize the capital investment
the angular motion ( left ) , height variation ( upper right ) , and the rcs variation ( lower right ) of kosmos - 0123
in the case of malaysia , the national meteorological agency , whose main role was to provide weather and meteorological services , was supported by satellite remote sensing data .
in addition to the various possible enhancement of imagery from a single date , images from multiple dates can be exploited to yield new information , e . g .
the minister of water , forests , post and telecommunications , and the environment received representatives from the european space agency and the office for outer space affairs .
there is no information to determine the prevalence of anaemia on the basis of haemoglobin levels of pregnant and non - pregnant women .
phase 1 will emphasize the knowledge and skills of university educators and research and application scientists in both the physical and natural sciences as well as in analytical disciplines .
finally , on september 28 , 1994 , the space station control board approved recommended modifications to the assembly sequence and element requirements for the space station .
the use of modern techniques such as the pill , iud , foam and condoms is most common among women in urban areas and those with higher educational levels
the project for integrated nutritional development ( prodia ) uses foodstuffs donated by aid through the cooperative for assistance and relief everywhere ( care ) .
if the woman dies and the agent of abortion could have prevented her death , the penalty is a minimum of two and a maximum of five years .
men and women are equal in respect of the legal right to hold all public positions , including diplomatic posts , as stated in connection with the previous article .
the nationality of a woman is not subject to alteration in the instances outlined in article 9 of the convention on the elimination of all forms of discrimination against women
it ' s important to consider gaps and inequities in the quality of life of the various population groups on the basis of geographical location or place
research on and development of advanced mobile satellite communications using ka - band and millimetre - wave and advanced satellite broadcasting using the communications and broadcasting technology satellite
the control centre is on a hill 230 metres above sea level and the balloon launch site is next to the launch site , where launch control and assembly of
the workshop developed general principles on how developing countries could use space technologies , including remote sensing and space communications systems for health care , environmental monitoring and economic and
jordan has three ground receiving stations which are used in exchange of television programmes all over the world , as well as retransmission from the atlantic to
nasa continued in fy 1994 to make strides in the field of telemedicine , the practice of medicine across distances using a phone line , satellite
intelsat is going to introduce thin - route dama in april 1996 on a global transponder on the intelsat 605 at 24 . 5
to contribute to the security and protection of displaced persons , refugees and civilians at risk in rwanda , including through the establishment and maintenance of secure humanitarian areas .
the killing of members of an ethnic group with the intention of destroying such a group , in whole or in part , constitutes a crime that is punishable
in 1992 , a solid - propellant rocket launched a winged vehicle into the upper atmosphere from a balloon floating at high altitude .
the public prosecutor ' s department is headed by the attorney - general of the nation , who is elected by the board of senior government procurators
employment , in all its aspects , will be given priority attention by the state , which will provide special protection for working mothers , minor and disabled persons .
unlike other police departments , the women ' s police offices are backed up by legal , psychological and social services , and strong support is given by feminist non
the economically inactive population amounts to 6 , 783 , 453 , which is 48 . 8 per cent of the population of working age .
the fas prepared detailed analyses of the performance of india ' s summer monsoon , frost damage to brazil ' s coffee crop , and drought in australia '
joint management team discussions in moscow the following month continued and expanded , resulting in an agreement on matters necessary for working together , such as the use of english
legislative authority lies with congress , which consists of a single chamber and is elected for a five - year term by means of an electoral process organized in accordance
deforestation in the brazilian amazon basin was lower than some previous estimates had suggested , according to nasa - sponsored analysis of data from landsat - 4 and
it was reinforced after 1987 with an influx of drug trafficking money , which was the result of an alliance with cocaine dealers from the alto huallaga valley
space physicists are interested in these colorful phenomena because they are caused by variations in the solar wind ' s interaction with the earth ' s magnetic field .
this will allow engineers to evaluate current models of the meteoroid and space debris populations and to verify damage predictions of different subsystem elements .
the office of the ombudsman , a new institution which was established under peru ' s 1993 constitution , has responsibility for protecting constitutional and fundamental rights
information received regarding the topics listed in subparagraphs 6 ( c ) to ( e ) above is presented in a separate document .
in 1990 human resources in the health sector included 23 , 000 physicians , 18 , 000 nurses and 4 , 000 obstetricians .
the ministry plans to conduct a search and rescue experiment to relay ship distress signals using the meteorological satellite - 5 , launched in march 1995 .
compensation , in the form determined by law , for miscarriages of justice in criminal trials and for arbitrary detention , without prejudice to any liability that may
the main target of this radar is earth ' s atmosphere , which is weak backscattering from irregularities in the refractive index of the air caused by
in the first case , if the victim of the accident is a woman , the indemnification is 25 per cent higher .
nasa has signed agreements with the national cancer institute , the national library of medicine , and the national institute of child health and human development to do research in
russian participation in joint program management bodies is allowed by the agreement and the contract covers russian provision of hardware and data in the program ' s early phases ,
act no . 1510 of 1911 , which had regulated the code of civil proceedings formerly in force , was deleted from the code of civil procedure on 27
in the area of space shuttle systems integration , the day - of - launch i - load - update ( dolilu i ) system was available for
however , the fragmentation of the rain forest and the " edge effects " on the perimeters of these fragments were greater than had been believed , potentially increasing
this programme will provide limited support for ongoing activities , such as training , access to satellite images and selected items of equipment needed for image interpretation .
in the following table , their see that the proportion of women with a secondary school or higher education went up to 51 per cent in 1993 from only 36
currently , the brazilian institute for space research ( inpe ) , with other national and international institutions , is studying the amazon region using both ground - based
nasa ' s and noaa ' s efforts to monitor ozone depletion continued to reflect the effects of the mount pinatubo eruption in june
in urban areas where violence has been centred , women and their organizations have become neighbourhood leaders and have been the bulwark of civil resistance to terrorism .
in 1994 nass completed a california area frame for conducting 1994 surveys , new york and south carolina frames for survey use in 1995 , and started work on
assistance must be given to a woman who has been impregnated and abandoned in a critical situation that is threatening their safety as well as that of
women subjected to violence suffered various forms of psycho - social damage : among young people , it restricts the possibilities for future development , has an impact on
the position of peruvian women at the start of this decade was an improvement over their past situation , in terms of their involvement in public affairs and their access
one of the first provisions of the current civil code states that " men and women shall have equal opportunities for the enjoyment and exercise of civil rights " .
multispectral images were enhanced to emphasize features of interest , such as shallow water as opposed to land features , prior to printing and subsequent interpretation .
the office for outer space affairs and the european space agency propose to respond to the recommendations of the working groups and the various comments made during the course evaluation
atlantis was equipped with modifications necessary to dock with the russian mir space station , with the first docking mission scheduled for the third quarter of fy 1995 .
scientists working on the hubble space telescope team made a number of important discoveries during fy 1994 , including images of an exploding star .
as a result of improvements in women ' s professional qualifications , their representation in these organizations has been increasing , which resulted in a modification of the gender balance
the period in which the highest growth rate of the urban population occurred was not the period of highest growth of the industrial product or even of the total product
state social spending has fallen steadily since 1986 , chiefly in the education and health sectors , according to the indicators of support action by the state .
to promote equality of opportunity and treatment and access of young people to non - traditional scientific careers , and to spread awareness of gender perspectives at the university level
the new international space station costs $ 5 billion less than freedom , and has reduced the number of civil service personnel and contractors assigned to the program .
because the necessary diameter of the antenna is in the order of 10 km , it is impractical to get a resolution of 1 m at a distance
the redesign of the space station that resulted from these activities added increased research capability and user flexibility to the previous space station freedom program ' s hardware and capability
the tupac amaru revolutionary movement , which emerged in 1984 and claims to be the armed representative of the " new left " .
they are exposed to higher risks because of the nutritional deficiencies , fatigue and tension caused by lack of support or resources , and their vulnerability to various types
surface features which give rise to changes in topography , such as geological lineaments which may indicate mineral occurrences , are more easily understood using spaceborne imagery
in january 1996 , the office of outer space affairs planned to send an evaluation mission on user needs to targeted countries that have confirmed their readiness to participate in
in the future , the design , development and deployment of user - friendly satellites should be given the highest priority in the design and deployment of national , regional
in march / april 1993 two united nations evaluation missions , consisting of two teams of experts , went to the above anglophone and francophone african countries .
during the last session of the workshop , participants defined four categories of disaster - related topics that needed to be addressed : data supply , information generation , decision
information and specialists are being exchanged , and administrative - level meetings are held , in accordance with an agreement concluded between japan and the european space research organization ,
because swedish magnetospheric scientists are very interested in small satellites , a compact satellite platform has been developed that is 10 per cent of the mass of
sta reorganized the national space development centre into the national space development agency of japan , a special entity under the law , in operation since 1969 .
nasa and the boeing company signed a memorandum of agreement that defined the content and maximum cost of the prime contract , scheduled for signature by late 1994 .
in ten years of terrorist violence , there were 3 , 220 recorded cases of people allegedly detained or disappeared , and 12 per cent of these were women .
in cooperation with italy and germany , the space radar laboratory flew on the space shuttle endeavour during april ( srl - 1 ) and september - october 1994
the purpose of the course was to allow university educators from developing countries to introduce elements of remote sensing technology into the curricula of their academic institutions .
the possibilities of improving their educational levels have been virtually closed off for the majority of women aged 20 to 24 and an even greater proportion of those aged 25
it is important to note that consent must be given by a woman who is free and in full possession of their capacities , and that such consent does not
forty per cent of candidates for university , 39 per cent of students accepted into universities , 36 per cent for university students , and 40 per cent are women
the first in a series of five advanced weather satellites to be launched over the next several years , goes - 8 was checked out and fine - tuned by
in india , an infrastructure of 400 local industries as partners in the indian national space programme was created , on the assumption that industrial competitiveness provided the assurance
women ' s involvement in health management activities takes place basically on a voluntary basis and has an adverse effect on their own health by extending the length of their
congress is composed of 120 members , who must be peruvian by birth , be at least 25 years of age and enjoy the right to vote .
the project was intended to give industry a realistic assessment of the requirements for satellite communications in rural and remote areas , to identify constraints , to propose viable solutions
space industry and research institutions in finland have gained experience in satellite payloads and instrumentation through their associate membership in the european space agency and have long been active
between 1960 and 1990 , per capita income decreased by an average of 0 . 03 per cent a year with the population growing at an average rate of 2
it has used the skills of the civil service workforce to develop a number of station elements more economically and efficiently , saving millions of dollars in the process .
the increase in hiv / aids cases among women highlights the special social , biological and epidemiological vulnerability of women : most peruvian women infected with hiv
the substantive role played by women ' s grass - roots organizations in tackling the problem of food provisionment for large sectors of the population is acknowledged by
in the early 1990s , the total fertility rate nationwide was 3 . 5 children per woman , a reduction of 34 per cent compared with 1977 , when their
although the number of women candidates for election did not increase at this time in comparison to previous elections , the number of women members of congress rose to 8
nasa life scientists associated with space radar laboratory - 2 received data in october 1994 on shuttle passes over the two countries at the request of the governments of ukraine
meanwhile , the nist radiometric physics division is continuing its collaboration with the nasa sea - viewing wide field - of - view sensor ( seawifs
seawifs is scheduled to launch in 1995 and is intended to provide global observations of photosynthetic pigment concentrations contained in the microscopic marine plants called
the earth resources observation systems ( eros ) data center of the usgs is responsible for maintaining government archives of landsat and other land - related remote
the airborne southern hemisphere ozone experiment / measurements for assessing the effect of stratospheric aircraft campaign was a major focus of the upper atmosphere research program
in 1994 trsc established regional remote sensing centres in three regions , with the use of promoting the utilization of satellite data and transferring remote sensing and geographic technologies
in july 1994 , an international team of astronomers using hst ' s faint object camera confirmed that helium is widespread throughout the early universe , a key hypothesis
it might recommend that one or more of the educational activities of the united nations programme on space applications should be devoted to the theme of microsatellites
it will monitor energetic x - rays from solar flares and survey the sky with x - ray charge - coupled device ( ccd ) sensors along an
a memorandum of understanding between nasa and the nsf has led to collaborative research in environmental signal transduction and cell differentiation in plants in response to environmental stimulation
the supervised approach required that the operator have some knowledge of a few locations within the image of the classes , like soil , water or type of vegetation .
employers must provide nursery services whenever their have more than 25 women workers or employees who are over 18 years of age .
economic reports tend to emphasize the direct costs of destruction of production resources , electricity pylons , roads , bridges , shopping centres , factories , public institutions
as regards population density , peru is below the latin american average ( 17 . 6 as against 22 inhabitants per km2 ) .
since 1981 , eight meteorological , telecommunications and broadcasting satellites have been launched with the n - ii , and the h - i made a record 9 successful launches
social support and the development of productive employment in the areas of health , food , basic education , infrastructure , etc . for the benefit of the poor were
nasa made significant strides in microgravity and life sciences research , beginning with the spacelab life sciences - 2 ( sls - 2 ) mission in
in the united republic of tanzania , recurring fire hazard have swept the vegetation off of various areas of the country except in the very wet rain forest .
their attraction lies in the promise of low - cost and short development time , which is made possible by the use of proven standard equipment and techniques , together
an international working group to promote the project , which involved representatives from germany , namibia and south africa , held two meetings in 1994 , one in germany and
the national demographic context between 1970 and 1990 reflected the main characteristics of the world and regional demographic expansion , with unprecedented growth that reached its highest level at the
displacement has led to an improvement in the situation of women with their incorporation into the world of work and into women ' s grass - roots organizations .
a second unit ( temisat - 2 ) was manufactured together with the first one and could be launched to increase the in - orbit service capacity .
finally , work is being done on the definition of two small scientific missions , as well as the collaboration between government and industry in the advanced satcom and
assuming ground segment costs tend to average 25 per cent of total programme costs , it is important to identify potential savings in the ground segment in concert with those
a person who practices an abortion with the consent of a woman is subjected to a minimum of one and a maximum of four years .
moby will be used to verify the postlaunch seawifs calibration and other future ocean color satellite instruments to be launched later this decade
in order to eliminate the potential for explosion , appropriate operational procedures will be established to make passive all energetic subsystems passive when the satellite has been placed in
the main goal is to discuss technical backgrounds and to make a draft document for the " nasda orbital debris mitigation design standards , " which is
according to certain studies carried out in marginalized areas of lima , septic abortion was the primary cause of maternal mortality in 1986 and 1988 .
it was observed that the second stage had fragmented into at least six new objects by 31 march 1995 and they had already decayed .
those flights will be used to prove the reliability of pslv , to increase its payload capability towards operationalization of the vehicle , and to launch satellites
have been a higher court judge or senior government procurator for 10 years or have practised as a lawyer or held a university chair in a legal discipline
it is the second of four satellites scheduled to constitute panamsat ' s global satellite system , which began with pas - 1 launched in june 1988 and
technical visits were made to a number of sites of interest , including the esa / salmijarvi and esrange satellite receiving stations , as well
the real - time vhf / vhf radio communications system may be complemented with satellite communications systems , increasing communications between field stations and the public , and increasing
this low level of participation is perhaps caused by the persistence of gender discrimination and the heavy influence of established local decision - making groups in departments and provinces of
these theories are needed to predict and achieve in solidified materials the desired microstructures that control many of their physical and chemical properties , such
the gap analysis program , a statewide and national program to identify land areas not being protected and managed to maintain biological diversity , was one program that was transferred
one of the future un / iaf workshops should focus on the means of overcoming regulatory , legal , political , financial and educational obstacles to the better exploitation
if none of the candidates obtains an absolute majority , a second election is held within 30 days of the official results between the two candidates who obtained the
in 1991 , as in the previous decade , the rhythm method or periodic abstinence was the one used most often by married women .
doe developed new conceptual designs for smaller and lighter - weight rtg ' s for the pluto fast flyby mission , which call for their to be powered
scientists believe that the cause of higher nighttime temperatures may be the result of an increase in greenhouse gases and cloud cover over continents combined with increased sulfur emissions produced
scientists from nasa and noaa contributed to the recently completed " assessment of ozone depletion : 1994 , " which was developed under the auspices of the
because of variance in the actual flight performance , residuals available for the maneuver may not achieve the desired reduction in every instance , but on average the variance
the table below shows that in 1981 22 . 1 per cent of heads of household were women , a situation that remained largely unchanged until 1991 , when 23
nickel - hydrogen batteries and hydrazine fuel have been identified as the only explosion hazard , and provisions have been made to minimize that kind of failure .
fertility , which had previously been high levels , was beginning to decline , causing the rate of population growth to decrease , during a period of the peruvian demographic
the team included specialists from the united states fish and wildlife service , national biological survey , army corps of engineers , epa , and the federal emergency management agency
the goal of these centres is to enhance the capabilities of member states , including those in africa , in different areas of space science and technology , so that
despite the decrease in fertility , the age structure of the peruvian population will continue to be young for several more years , and the number of minor children will
the extent of women ' s participation in credit programmes for people of both sexes depends on the type of economic activity and microenterprise for which the
in all sectors , work in progress to define and implement programmes in priority areas for canada in the fields of human space flight , earth observation , satellite communications
in 1990 , there were 3 , 328 health posts , meaning one for every 6 , 000 inhabitants , and 777 health care centres , or one for
the peruvian institute for social security ( ipss ) provides a nursing allowance for each child to an insured mother or anyone taking charge of their child in
administrative difficulties in the registration of property nationwide and lack of access to the information in existing records make it impossible to assess the access of women to land ownership
according to estimates of damage , peru has sustained losses of the order of us $ 21 billion , equivalent to the entire foreign debt , as well as the
in order to be elected ombudsman , a person must be at least 35 years of age and be a lawyer and be elected by congress .
it will stay in a circular orbit at an altitude of 300 - 500 km and an inclination of 28 . 5 and will become the first japanese space
appointment , on the basis of a public competitive examination and personal evaluation and with approval of two thirds of its members , of judges and procurators
furnished with up - to - date test facilities and equipment comparable to those of major laboratories throughout the world , it conducts research and development in space technology and
there were several different types of image enhancement that could be performed on the raw digital data to maximize their usefulness for a specific application .
this act has no precedent in peruvian legislation , so it was propelled forward and negotiated by women parliamentarians and feminist institutions that worked together from the late 1980s
in addition to this primary task , the system should be able to solve secondary problems such as assessment of vegetation damage , assessment of atmospheric pollution and evaluation of
the " phase " difference associated with a given pixel from two sar images is analysed , which allows for precise determination of elevation .
a mobile receiving station which is capable of receiving data from the ers - 1 and ers 2 radar satellites has been operating in libreville , gabon
the main goal of the present phase of the project is to strengthen national and regional capabilities in the area of remote sensing for early warning and food security by
the complementarity between optical and radar images of the same area has proven to be an excellent tool for advanced applications and an asset in natural disaster monitoring
data from spartan 201 will be used to make measurements for the european space agency ( esa ) - nasa solar and heliospheric observatory , scheduled
it has the functions of developing and proposing mechanisms for coordination with national and international organizations involved in the promotion of the rights of women and children , as well
the team produced numerous maps and analyses , as well as a substantial environmental information system for the two basins using remotely sensed , map , and environmental data .
in title ii ( " the state and the nation " ) of the constitution , their states that " the republic of peru is democratic , social , independent
the authors of the study validated the use of landsat data for estimating deforestation in the amazon , previously an issue of substantial controversy .
in overall terms , it is reflected in the drop in gdp , which went from a maximum index of 109 per cent in 1981 to a minimum of 92
for meteosat visible channels , the ground spatial resolution was 2 . 5 kilometres , whereas for spot multispectral imagery , their was 20 metres
in wave mode , sar is used to measure ocean - wave spectra and wave direction , while in scatterometer mode , ami is utilized to measure wind
the nasa small explorer ( smex ) programme , which provides for frequent flight opportunities for highly focused and relatively inexpensive science missions , is the best example of
developing countries in particular with repetitive and continued environmental monitoring are provided by the european remote sensing satellites ( ers ) , known as ers - 1 and
the precise range and range rate equipment , operational on ers - 2 , allows precise orbit calculations to be made and accurate corrections to radar altimeter measurements
the travel cost and per diem expenses of participants from developing countries were covered by funds allocated by the united nations , esa , commission of the european communities
the agency used satellite imagery , crop models , and weather data to support state department assessments of food needs in the states of the former soviet union .
presentations delivered during the symposium addressed the issue of how satellite remote sensing and satellite communications can provide accurate and timely information that is essential for policy formulation and effective
women and girls from the native territories of the central jungle region have suffered the most from the violence practiced by terrorist groups ( peru : national report on women
the resolution is limited to about 1 m so their cannot be used to identify the shape of small targets 1 - 10 cm in size , which is of
measurements from nasa ' s er - 2 and dc - 8 aircraft have made significant improvements in our understanding of precipitation , convection , clouds and radiation , air
sac formulates plans , deliberates and takes decisions on matters listed below , and submits their opinions to the prime minister , whose decision is guided by
new concepts have been incorporated with a view to strengthening national integration , and the rights of the individual established in the constitution are covered by the main provisions of
the concept called for the selection of orbits that minimize the collision hazard both with the company ' s own spacecraft and with other objects , while minimizing
these spacecraft include the space shuttle and earth - orbiters , planetary orbiters such as galileo and magellan , and the voyager and pioneer spacecraft travelling to
as the coverage of the educational system has improved , educational levels have evolved in inverse proportion to age groups , and indeed the educational levels of girls today cannot
it was noted that the goal of africover was to provide african decision makers , regional and international development agencies , and united nations organizations with reliable information
nal was established in july 1955 as a subsidiary organization of the office of the prime minister to speed up the development of aeronautical technology in japan .
a questionnaire was sent to the participants in the courses that took place in 1990 , 1992 and 1993 , as their was felt that enough time had passed
a deep - space encounter with the asteroid 1620 geographos could not be completed because of a problem that occurred after completion of the lunar mapping mission .
this experiment was not designed to measure orbital debris but examination of material specimens which were returned to earth after the mission provided some observations which were identified as likely
in 1991 , the current government set up the national fund for compensation and social development as one of the main programmes for the relief of extreme poverty .
sponsorship ( travel and daily subsistence allowance ) of experts from member states to make technical presentations and take part in deliberations on the activities of the programme
the two - dimensional deployable high voltage solar array , which is a triangle sail with a height of 3 . 84 m and a base length of 3
a series of risk factors for physical and mental health that are not often taken into account are created by features linked to women ' s physiology such as pregnancy
although there was already a large market for space technology products , and opportunities existed for joint ventures , more consideration should be given to building up the infrastructure required
some essential elements that are necessary to sustain the centres were not fully addressed in the submissions provided by most of the countries visited , according to their analyses of
since 1991 - 1992 offices for counseling and consultation on women ' s problems have been available in some municipal districts of lima , such as san borja
mtpe has included education and public awareness as part of its vision to ensure that the public has enough information and understanding to support development of prudent
according to spectral analysis by galileo , dactyl is composed of different amounts of specific compounds than ida , indicating that their did not come directly from ida
in 1973 , when wages reached 42 . 2 per cent of national income , they fell to 29 . 9 per cent , the lowest level for the period
progress has been made with respect to the health of women in terms of fertility and awareness and use of contraceptives , as well as in some indicators
the new system is smaller than older ones and can be operated from small , single - engine aircraft , rather than the four - engine c - 130 .
participants from those national institutions which already have several years of experience in digital image analysis have an eventual progression towards the digital processing and printing of ers images
some 82 investigations sent into orbit by 75 principal investigators from 13 countries showed how crewed space laboratories can be used with high efficiency in international investigations such as
the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) , in operation since 1984 , continues to rely on landsat - 5 , in october since 1984 .
in order to effectively carry out its mandated and expanded activities , it has become necessary for the programme to solicit additional funds in the form of voluntary
in developing new applications software and customer - specific systems for health , education , training , telecommuting , and further relevant social services , the united nations
while nighttime warming may lengthen the growing season and reduce killing frosts , it might increase insect infestations , reduce crop - growing areas , and
the operators of local platform transmitter terminals , as well as international organizations such as the international telecommunication union , should be encouraged to be more liberal in their pricing
the release of mechanical devices at satellite separation and solar paddle deployment has been avoided except in some missions , such as the separation of spent apogee motor
in zimbabwe , remote sensing and geographic information systems projects started as small donor - funded projects that were designed to test the applicability of the technology in
jobs will be created in the rural and marginal urban areas through investment in the social infrastructure and support for production linked to meeting basic needs , especially food supplements
to establish job training policies that expand labour opportunities for mothers , promote their integration into dynamic branches of the economy and improve the training of women who are unemployed
those districts , which are frequently affected by droughts and floods , are currently being extensively surveyed from outer space through the use of satellite remote sensing systems .
to convene elections for the office of president of the republic , elections of members of congress , and elections for the offices of mayor , alderman and
decree - law no . 19990 , which defines the national pension system in peru , establishes a woman ' s right to retirement as from 55 years of
while large platforms exist and will continue to exist , there has recently been a growing interest in returning to the use of small satellites , which can be launched
ers - 1 has a sun - synchronous , near polar , quasi - circular orbit with a mean altitude of 785 km and an
this information can be used to determine potential risk in the occurrence of a catastrophe or for the production of maps that show the spatial context in which dangers occur
presentations made during the symposium focused on how national and international space agencies should implement pilot projects to demonstrate the usefulness of space technology to policy makers .
the statements made by the president of the council on 7 april 1994 and 30 april 1994 ( s / prst / 1994 / 21 ) were recalled .
reduced satellite design complexity , simplified interfaces , optimized for instrument requirements , shorter development schedule and suitable test - bed for proving technique and / or technology
the major programmes are antarctic magnetosphere - ionosphere ground - base observations ( amigo ) , southern hemisphere auroral radar experiment ( share ) , and
significant progress has been made in the study of pulsating stars , with saao participating frequently in multisite campaigns , which are necessary to understand
over 500 participants from various agencies , including civil service departments , military offices and educational institutions , have attended both training in and seminars on remote sensing and geographic
south african universities have been involved in a number of other projects since 1995 , such as the work done by the space physics research institute at the durban campus
the recent surge of interest in small satellites , which was initially driven largely by defence and global civil communication programmes of the united states of america , has led
since mobile telephones are usually provided through private international dealings , the possibility of allowing private firms in thailand to join the iridium programme and provide services is
this has helped determine the correlation length of x - ray emitting clusters of galaxies , the distribution of galaxies in the southern hemisphere and the mapping of large
the penetrators will penetrate the lunar surface and form a network that will explore the internal structure of the moon using on - board seismometer
the situation in rwanda , which has resulted in the death of many thousands of innocent civilians , including women and children , is deeply concerned .
after the experiment , it was noted that the petalled hole of the back plate was bigger than that of the front plate .
with the increasing industrialization of intensive capital as part of development , marginalized or displaced persons are subsisting by doing piece work , working on commission
some payloads have been developed by engineers of the republic of korea , while its platform retains many similarities with s - 80 / t and kitsat -
comsat is the first inmarsat service provider to operate digital mobile satellite services around the globe , along with existing ones in santa paula , california ,
to initiate a study of a finnish small satellite ( fs - 1 ) , finnish institutes defined their interests by contacting selected institutes with an unofficial announcement
rpa has collected a few hundred sets of useful ionospheric data over the indian subcontinent , and has made interesting observations on the variation of electron
according to the most recent census ( 1993 ) , 4 , 835 , 972 women over the age of 15 were mothers , a figure representing 68
the institutional programme for teenage mothers provides assistance and protection to abandoned teenage mothers and their children , aiming at the integral development of both mother and child through services
on 1 november 1995 the centre for space science and technology education in the asia and the pacific region was inaugurated in new delhi with the signing of an agreement
at the end of the fiscal year , it consisted of a suite of two telescopes designated python and viper , which is one of cara ' s experiments on
since the early 1980s , the phenomenon of violence - related displacement has affected at least two thirds of the national territory , which has changed the demographic pattern of
it regressed multitemporal , computer - classified landsat tm data against ground information to provide estimates with reduced sampling error for rice , cotton
in absolute terms , the number of women who are uneducated has decreased by 17 thousand in the twelve years between the two censuses , which resulted
women workers and employees subject to the labour regime for private economic activity have the right to a salary increment of 25 per cent after 25 years of
the release of mechanical devices at satellite separation and solar paddle deployment has been avoided except in certain missions , such as the separation of spent apogee motor
timely warning of a major natural hazard can reduce its consequences : at least , people may have enough time to save their lives ; at most , they have
thrust direction control of the srbs is performed through a movable nozzle in order to supplement the thrust of the first stage .
the high initial start - up cost and expectation that a long time would be needed to reach the financial break - even point seemed to be the main reason
in order to be elected president of the republic , a person must be peruvian by birth , be at least 35 years of age at the time of his
major facilities and equipment include a vehicle assembly building , a mobile launcher , a pad service tower , propellant storage and supply facilities , a launch control building
research at the south african astronomical observatory ( saao ) has been carried out over a wide range of astronomical topics , frequently involving international collaboration , in addition
to launch a technical training subsystem to improve the qualifications of the female labour force , promote equality of opportunity and treatment and provide access for young
according to the latest census , the population of peru ' s urban centres is as much as 15 , 458 , 599 , which is 70 .
the period between 1945 and 1994 is being investigated for the extent of urban development in the amman greater area , using satellite imagery and aerial photography .
the radii of the galactic cepheids , which are fundamental distance calibrators , have been determined more accurately than hitherto
the goal of the ets programme is to develop the high - level technologies required for practical utilization of satellites , such as earth observation , broadcasting , communications
after a modest beginning with small , simple and lightweight satellites , space systems evolved into large , complex and expensive space platforms for scientific research and other applications that
detailed mapping of natural resources on a scale of 1 : 50 , 000 had been done using data from the information retrieval service ( irs ) remote sensing satellite
because of the high infrastructure investment that is required for constructing and managing space - based programmes , national , and local , systems are out of reach for most
the basic concept is simple : at the surface , a wave propagating upward from the interior is reflected back down by the steep change in the density
when the overall composition of the portfolio emphasizes the commercial sector and investment is clearly oriented towards income - generating activities or those that are not unduly capital
space technology has become an increasingly important part of everyday life , characterized by growing costs and complexity , which means that most developing countries must be extremely selective about
since then , the space technology research group and the kakuda research centre have played a dominant role in the development of space technology in nal ,
procedures similar to those used by delta will be adopted in more powerful versions of titan - 2 , which augment the lift capability by an array of solid
in 1990 , the crime of terrorism was the second cause of incarceration of women , after drug traffickers , which accounted for 12 per cent of
nasa funds a protein crystal growth program at the naval research laboratory , and under a nasa agreement with the dod , the walter reed army institute of research has
two united states investigator teams studied liquid - phase interactions using the bubble , drop , and particle unit , and one united states investigator group studied phase changes using
depending on the trafficker ' s relationship with the victim , the victim ' s age , whether violence was used , and whether the trafficker is a
because of the system of study and emphasis on dressmaking , handicrafts , secretarial skills , accountancy and nursing , the ceos
intelsat 702 began commercial service on august 13 , 1994 , at 359 degrees e . , replacing the lower - capacity intelsat 512 .
20 . 1 per cent of mothers whose children were born from 1987 to 1991 received two or more doses of antitetanus vaccine and are completely covered against
the situation of women in peru has certain elements of inequity and discrimination which affect the quality of their lives and can be transformed into risk factors
the priority application areas for networks using copine were discussed , including health care , management of natural resources and the environment , tele - education , and
while the data from those scanners might be affected by local atmospheric conditions , the acquisition of images from radar satellites was not constrained , for example , clouds
using this procedure the sms - 1 satellite was put into disposal orbit 500 km above gso , sms - 2 about 245 km above gso and goes
in october 1994 , the fas used satellite imagery to monitor domestic crop production areas in support of work carried out by the agricultural stabilization and conservation service .
a new migration flow arose as a result of the so - called " exemplary actions " and intensification of violence by " sendero luminoso
their will have the support of the compensation and social development fund and the social development committees , which will be established as ad hoc sectoral technical bodies .
there is currently a variety of women ' s grass - roots organizations for food aid , including the mothers ' clubs , the people ' s canteens and
six countries ( ghana , kenya , morocco , nigeria , senegal and zimbabwe ) responded and offered to host such a centre , one for the english speaking and
the inter - ministerial commission for social affairs , which is under the president of the council of ministers , is responsible for government policy and action for poverty relief
the peruvian constitution was put to a popular vote and approved by referendum on 31 october 1993 after being formulated by the democratic constituent congress and composed of 80 members
the infrared windows have been divided into two channels , the first provides information on water vapour distribution in the atmosphere , and the second allows more accurate determination
the standing commission on women ' s and children ' s rights was established within the ministry of justice in 1994 and has filled the vacuum created by the dissolution
under the present code , the obligation to care for the child or adolescent is deemed to fall upon the mother and family of such child or adolescent .
in 1955 , women above the age of 18 who were able to read and write were given the right to vote .
the precipitation radar on board trmm will be provided by the communications research laboratory , which has collaborated with nasa through experiments on precipitation observation from airplanes .
this is the case with women from ayacucho who make up the federation of mother ' s clubs , 40 per cent of whom are displaced persons
also a hughes hs 601 satellite , pas - 4 can carry more than 320 digital channels transmitted on 16 63 - watt ku - band and 16 34
the lack of research on the situation of women in various social and eonomic spheres and the scarcity of gender - disaggregated information
of the total number of victims of terrorist violence in the period 1982 to 1993 , 6 per cent were women , or around 1 , 000 were men .
alternatively , the queries could involve simple to complex manipulation of several layers according to various rules or models , such as process , mathematical , theiruristic
the scientific basis for policy decisions by parties to the montreal protocol , the international agreement limiting the use and production of chlorofluorocarbons ,
the participation of ptts and medium - sized companies , which could provide relatively low - cost technology and services to developing countries , should be encouraged .
severance pay and subsistence allowances will be established on the basis of a maximum work cycle of 30 years for men and 25 years for women according to
more than 2 , 500 frames in both visible and infrared bands for identification of landmarks and altitude and orbit refinement were obtained .
it is currently nationwide in scope and carries out mass communication programmes ( radio , television and press ) , marketing programmes ( promotion of brands of contraceptives
integration efforts during fy 1994 included analyses of structural loads , resolution of in - flight anomalies , waivers , and changes , and software development and
a large company in the united states that is responsible for development of the iridium constellation of 66 small communications satellites has included provisions for debris mitigation
the operator of the iridium system has agreed to the de - orbiting philosophy , which can occasionally result in de - orbiting perfectly healthy spacecraft because the
if the treaty has a bearing on provisions of the constitution , it must be approved by the same procedure as for constitutional reform before it can be ratified by
any censure motion against the council of ministers , or against any of the ministers , must be submitted by 25 per cent of the total number of
they are participating in the discussion of legislation and decrees that affect women and are continuing to promote the women ' s police offices , to train police officers and
cara ' s south pole infrared explorer telescope was able to image more of the impacts of comet shoemaker - levy 9 with jupiter than any other instrument .
it has been estimated that 10 microsatellites could be built and launched for about us $ 21 million , while about 30 million would be required for
the project for promotion of technology transfer in peasant communities of the sierra ( feas ) is carried out in five departments and has been able to involve women
the ultimate goal of the government ' s commitment to dealing with the problem of displaced persons is to ensure their return , with proper guarantees for their safety and
this was administered by the president of the republic and carried out three types of activities : people ' s canteens , production workshops and basic educational centres through
consideration should be given in order to avoid problems of distribution , to making direct contact with the national agencies or contact persons concerned , perhaps using electronic means ,
in 1995 the united nations and the government of spain organized a workshop to draw up model curricula for the centres to promote the achievement of those aims
new information about the moon ' s topography , surface composition , and charged particle environment were provided through instruments such as a laser ranger , a charged particle telescope
repatriation to the place of origin is the preferable solution for just over half of all displaced persons , because of the reduction in terrorist violence .
during the symposium , actions were identified that could convince high - level policy and decision makers in developing countries of the costs and benefits inherent in the use of
since 1986 , the government of jordan has reconsidered its role in national development by extending narrow and wide - band services of the integrated services digital
since 1986 , nal has been researching a horizontal take - off spaceplane capable of flying into space and landing with a degree of safety similar to that
sfu is an unmanned , multi - purpose , free - flying platform that has been developed since 1987 by isas , miti and the science and
the training course participants identified a number of projects which could benefit from the radar data collected at the libreville receiving station , based on the potential usefulness
the scientists will use these new arrays in canada and greenland to study dynamic variations in ionospheric currents that originate from the entry of energetic particles from
several experiments and demonstrations involving satellite - based communication for interactive education have been successfully conducted for universities , village administration ( panchayat raj ) officials , special social groups
the united nations , together with the relevant regional economic commission , will serve the centre and its governing board in an advisory capacity as the centre will have arise
the unique capabilities of remote sensing satellites for providing comprehensive , synoptic and multi - temporal coverage of large areas at regular intervals had been and would be
the information gap in developing countries with regard to the current state of their natural resources , land use and impact of natural disasters would be filled by remote sensing
advances in communications technology and related information systems , and in the technology of earth observation systems , particularly microwave remote sensing , and the need to prepare member states
the team of scientists hope to learn which stars explode as supernovae , what chemical elements are ejected , and how to use these bright events as standards
there is research on basic technologies for spaceplanes , with a focus on aerodynamics , advanced composite structures , flight control , propulsion systems , manned space flight
the successful launch of pslv and the progress made in the development of gslv have inspired confidence in the ability of india to launch the irs
this agreement supports the transfer of nasa ' s bioreactor technology to nih , its further development with nasa support , more protein crystal growth flight experiments
fifty - three per cent of these communities have quechua as their mother tongue , 41 per cent spanish , 4 per cent aymara , and 2
in the early 1990s , the total fertility rate nationwide was 3 . 5 children per woman , a reduction of 34 per cent compared with 1977 , when their
this council is governed by supreme decree no . 038 - 93 - jus , which was enacted in october 1993 to help develop a sound awareness of
the second is the gamma - ray burst experiment , which uses two scintillation detectors to study celestial gamma - ray bursts in the energy range of 20
the objectives of adeos - ii are to observe global environmental change , to contribute to international science programmes , and to follow the adeos mission
the minisatellite reached a final deployed length of 19 . 8 kilometers in just 1 hour 48 minutes , achieving the primary purpose of the experiment ,
administrative officials and specialists attend meetings of bodies dealing with earth observation , space transportation , international space station , space science , microgravity experiments , quality reliability
hartrao will make its facilities available as a ground support vlbi station for the japanese muses - b satellite in 1996 , and for the radio
the seawatch thailand programme is a marine surveillance and information system consisting of a network of moored data buoys in the gulf of thailand that collect meteorological
a study of iras sources in the south galactic cap shows that they are mostly non - mira m or s stars , probably a mixed population and similar
other researchers demonstrated landsat ' s effectiveness by combining its imagery with geographic information system technology to identify types and location of landscape elements associated with the risk of
funding for the second long - term space plan , approved in june 1994 , was reduced by 15 per cent in the budget provisions of february 1995 .
in order to facilitate comparisons between images acquired at different dates and under different conditions , radiometric corrections , which accounted for variations in scene illumination , viewing geometry
the national council of the judiciary is an independent and independent organ that is responsible for the selection and appointment of judges and procurators , except when
the mercure system would allow much more efficient dissemination of documents , environmental data , images and messages , which resulted in substantial savings in telecommunications costs , and
the displaced population is mainly located in the outskirts of lima , the cities of junin and ayacucho in the sierra region , the coastal department
ulysses became the first spacecraft to fly over a polar region of the sun when it began their primary mission to observe the solar wind at high - solar latitude
the satellite carried six different scientific objectives , including heat conductivity under microgravity , micrometeorite and dust particle distribution , atmospheric atomic oxygen mapping
fifty - one percent of women aged 15 and above have gone to higher educational institutions , although there is still a difference between the rates for men and women
legislation has been adopted in favor of women to provide their with certain benefits since the promulgation of act no . 2851 , " employment of girls
" parental rights shall be suspended in the following circumstances : absence , established in accordance with the law , of the father or mother " .
expenses incurred in respect of travel and per diem of specialists and for necessary technical materials will be met partly from the regular budget and partly from voluntary contributions
nasa and the rsa agreed on a number of important integration and operations issues , such as how command and control orders would be sent to the space station
this characteristic makes radar imagery especially useful in differentiating areas of dry from moist soil and in the identification of vegetated zones that would give rise to
there is always an emphasis on the active participation of members of the university community , which gives them practical experience with space technology and scientific research .
from 1981 to 1991 , the proportion of women in this economic branch increased from 57 . 1 to 67 per cent , due to the fact that women have
in the event of marriage of the woman to an alien or change of nationality by her spouse , the peruvian state grants men and women equal rights to acquire
as far as legislation is concerned , we can refer to article 4 of the convention and provide information about legislation on remuneration , social security , maternity
in 1991 acute undernutrition caused by weight loss affected 1 . 4 per cent of all children aged 5 , the incidence being slightly lower among girls
67 per cent of economically active women are employed in this sector , called commerce and services , and activity branches 379 .
employment , in their various aspects , shall be given priority attention by the state , which will provide special protection for working mothers , minor and disabled persons ,
it indicates that no one will be subjected to discrimination on the basis of origin , race , sex , language , religion , opinion or economic status or on
over the next three years , the government of india has approved the launch of three more continuation flights , pslv - c1 , pslv -
in the current restructuring of the state apparatus , it is interesting to note the growing importance of professional qualifications in the ranks of public admintrators ,
while illiteracy affects 10 of every 100 women in urban areas , it occurs in 43 of each 100 women in rural zones , and there are differences
women in the province of lima , the capital of the republic , average 9 . 6 years of education , while rural women are less than 1 . 9
if the total number of months is less than four , the average is determined on the basis of the total number of months insured .
several measurements are derived at a global scale from backscattered signals of downward emitted radar pulses , including the height of sea and ice surfaces , the height
data from the ers wind scatterometer is of particular help in the tropical region , in the southern hemisphere and in the northern pacific ocean because of
in the late 1970s , the first four feminist organizations were established in lima : the flora tristan centre for peruvian women , the manuela ramos movement , women
the first phase of implementation of a restructured telecommunications policy permitting private sector involvement in the sector through the provision of services such as cellular telephony and
to promote the spread of high - vision satellite broadcasting ( high - definition television ) , tao owns one of the transponders aboard bs - 3b
a total of 26 remote sensing satellites will be launched into low altitude , sun synchronous and circular orbits , together with 12 ( 6 in -
investigators using computer simulations have gained a refined understanding of the heliopause , the boundary of the solar system where the solar wind ' s outward flow
japan has been working together by directly receiving data from mos 1 and lb , launched in february 1987 and february 1990 , and is planning to promote collaboration
there are three general classes of orbit that may be suitable for small satellites : the geostationary orbit ( gso ) , the highly elliptical orbit (
member states are invited to respond promptly to the secretary - general ' s request for resources , including logistical support capability for rapid deployment of the unamir expanded
isas tested the engine at ntc from 1990 to 1992 under sea - level static conditions and began studies on the development of the air turboramjet
in ghana the most extensive use of high resolution satellite data to map current land use and cover for the country is currently taking place within the department of geography
instrumentation of the third spacecraft will include three fibre optic laser gyroscopes , which were launched in 1991 and 1994 , based on the orbital experience
it converted about 30 percent of the landsat thematic mapper data in the archive , and completed conversion of 352 , 000 landsat multispectral
the peruvian constitution has provided for the possibility that the president of the republic may dissolve congress if the latter has censured or expressed no confidence in two
peru is a country that has been moulded by thousands of years of pre - colombian development and 500 years of western culture , and the constitution states
multiple launch of several small satellites , nominally on ariane - 4 or ariane - 5 for european missions , can be done .
the purpose of the national register of detainees and persons sentenced to custodial sentences was to secure the human rights of prisoners and of people sentenced to imprisonment
although primarily used for astronomical research , the 26 - metre radio telescope is used to measure plate tectonic motions of all continents with respect to africa .
the government has reformulated social policy to meet the basic needs of the most vulnerable sectors of the population , without resorting to populist measures that
it gives the scientific community the data and information necessary to evaluate the variability of the global environment , distinguish between natural and human - induced change , and perform
it has a 1 . 5 m aperture telescope , a peltier cooled ccd camera with a chip size of 1242 x 1152 pixels ,
in 1991 , women had an average of 6 . 2 years of education , but there were differences in educational coverage compared to men , half of whom had
digital orthophotography was adopted by the soil conservation service in october 1994 as the common framework for collecting and managing natural resource geospatial
forty per cent of the women who are members have been displaced by terrorist violence , and many of them are quechua speakers ( 38 per cent ) or
employers have to provide seating so that women can work in a comfortable position , such as seating to be different from that reserved for the public .
discrimination is more likely to occur in regards to the type of economic activity undertaken , the extent to which it is part of the formal economy , the type
the liquid metal mirror telescope ( lmmt ) concept is based on the research of dr . e . f . borra of laval university in quebec
after 1986 , while the peasants were the main victims , other sectors of the civilian population ( professional workers , politicians and leaders , housewives , shopkeepers
in march 1994 nasa flew the usmp - 2 - - a facility exposed to the space environment in the shuttle payload bay that provides power , cooling ,
the advisory council for the promotion of women was made up of women from various sectors of public administration and ngos for the purpose of developing public policy for incorporation
the report for the period 1990 to 1994 describes in detail far - reaching structural reforms carried out since the submission of the previous reports .
the institute of space and astronautical science ( isas ) , a central institute for space and astronautical science in japan , is directly under the auspices
it is believed that it would be much more economical to launch a large , multi - purpose satellite instead of launching several different kinds of satellites separately in order
the terrorist activities of sendero have gone down due to the anti - terrorism policy , particularly the ley de arrepentimiento ( repentance
the topics covered were technical objectives , operational requirements , results of completed and ongoing research studies , identification of future studies , coordination of activities and the search for
the secretariat prepared the present document on the basis of information on the topics listed in subparagraphs 6 ( a ) and ( b ) above , received
human - induced disasters included explosions , armed conflicts , motor and aircraft accidents , chemical spills and floods , whereas natural disasters included floods , earthquakes , hurricanes
according to the 1993 census , peru ' s economically active population comes to 7 , 109 , 527 , which is 51 . 2 per cent of the
the problems that have already been encountered in existing projects or those that are proposed in proposed ones concern the presence of heavy cloud cover on conventional optical satellite images
for the large constellation sizes predicted for the end of the century , there were significant risks to both the constellation systems and the neighboring missions in close proximity due
informal forms of financing and the credit programmes of a great many ngos are what make up microenterprises , which are strongly implicated in the development of
peru ' s political constitution , together with international human rights treaties , take precedence , followed by international treaties on latin american integration , multilateral treaties and other
the national geophysical data center ( ngdc ) within noaa had a fully operational center for processing , archiving , and disseminating data from
an integrated work control system , which is still being developed , has already streamlined and automated work control functions related to more than 10 , 000 major tasks performed
it will act as a liaison with the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space , the international space university and the international astronautical federation , as well
these elements must have been produced in a burst of massive star formation preceding the observed protogalactic state , because of the substantial quantities of carbon and oxygen
at a lower frequency , the relation between the physical cross section and the rcs becomes much simpler , although we have to pay an expensive cost in the
the data from the entire spacecraft as reported through the orbital debris special investigation group was analysed and presented in the form of an engineering monogram that
one of the main political objectives of this constitution is to achieve an appropriate balance of powers , strengthen the effectiveness of the council of ministers and congress itself ,
a growing number of workers in countries and areas such as barbados , india , jamaica , republic of korea and taiwan province of china were sending their work to
at the higher educational level , where the prerequisite is completion of secondary school , existing alternatives include the technical institutes ( ist ) , the teacher training
to meet the demand for launching large - scale satellites in the 1990s , the first flight of the h - ii launch vehicle was successfully made in february 1994
each tenable at the european space research and technology centre , noordwijk , netherlands , is home to one fellowship in space antennas and propagation ,
the main goal of the workshop was to provide participants with information on the possibilities offered by current space technologies and to discuss ways in which they could be used
a number of food aid programmes were carried out through onaa , many of them with donations from the united states agency for international development ( aid ) ,
the development of a three - axis stabilized observation platform that can be autonomously oriented to any desired direction with arc minute accuracy is the long - term goal
the data transmission rate for the sar instrument is 105 megabits per second , so on - board recorders cannot be used to store the data ,
participants from the countries concerned held positions in institutions or private industry that dealt with resource management , protection of the environment , communications , remote sensing systems , industrial
the republic of korea joined the arrangement and the four countries agreed on two space projects : the small multi - mission satellite ( smms ) and the satellite
the latest gis programs , idrisi and tosca , have already been introduced in the united republic of tanzania through the united nations institute for training
and data from the international solar mission , ulysses , provided unique observations of the southern hemisphere of the sun , as well as detailed maps of the moon '
the corporation was established in 1979 to develop radio communications and seek effective utilization of radio waves in space by controlling the location , attitude , and attitude of communications
the environmental information systems development component of the ghana environmental resources management project uses satellite image data to map land use at a scale of 1 : 250 , 000
quick - reaction , launch - on - demand launches using low - cost dedicated vehicles , crisis monitoring , replacement after an in - orbit failure , or monitoring
the effective isotropically radiated power for thailand on c - band is 37 decibels above 1 watt , with a bandwidth of 36 megahertz
the selection will be based on the storage capacity of the sites , which are located at wadi al - shalalah , karak , ajiloun
besides trsc , other government units are involved in remote sensing applications , such as the department of agricultural extension , department of agriculture , department of forestry ,
the experience gained during the workshop entitled " enhancing social , economic and environmental security through space technology " held at graz in 1994 was used as a follow -
the government of thailand and the shinawatra company have signed an agreement on domestic satellite communications that allows the company to provide satellite communications under a 30 -
commends the efforts of states , united nations agencies and non - governmental organizations which have provided humanitarian and other assistance , encourages their to continue and increase
desiring in this context to expand the mandate of unamir for humanitarian purposes , and emphasizing the importance it attached to the support and cooperation of the parties
to make recommendations to the council on ways of increasing the effectiveness of the embargo , and to consider any information brought to their attention by states concerning
however , the third and final transitional provision of legislative decree no . 688 eliminated the increment for 25 years of service for those workers and employees
this period coincides with the outbreak of violence by " sendero luminoso " in the department of ayacucho and the government ' s
the head of the national identity and civil status register is appointed by the national council of the judiciary for a renewable four - year period , and is responsible
two means of acquiring credits were created after this bank was dissolved : the rural funds ( private enterprise for financial mediation for farmers ) and the agricultural development funds
the establishment of police commissioner ' s offices for women staffed by women police officers to receive complaints from women of abuse , sexual violence and domestic violence in general
airborne video and thermal infrared scanner imagery were used to map river habitat for endangered fish in the colorado river system , which allowed managers to release water from reservoirs
the indian remote sensing satellite , irs - p2 , weighing 804 kilograms , was placed into a polar sun - synchronous orbit at a
the establishment in october 1993 of the standing commission on women ' s and children ' s rights filled a three - year gap that began with the dissolution of
the supreme decree of 17 january 1936 states that the state ensures compliance with the regulations concerning women ' s work by carrying out periodic inspections in workplaces and
this method is called isar ( inverse synthetic aperture radar ) , or rdi ( range - doppler interferometry ) , and has
while a one - week training course is good for a general introduction to radar , a course lasting three weeks is needed to develop technical confidence needed to use
it is a module that aims at women ' s organizations in three departments of the sierra region : ayacucho , apurimac and cusco
infant mortality dropped by 14 per cent and child mortality fell by 28 per cent , compared with 1977 - 1981 , and this downward trend was chiefly linked to
a low - energy transmitter on board is sufficient because of the short distance from the ground , but infrequent and short visibility periods are a draw
upper stages used to move geostationary satellites from gto to gso should be put into a disposal position at least 300 km above the earth '
even when private investment , national and foreign , creates higher employment levels for the economically active population , it ' s not realistic to expect the jobs created to
also , data from a combination of landsat , airborne , and ground - based scanners continued to be used to battle pest damage to california ' s
some of the initiatives originate in women ' s institutions and ngos that have projects involving women and others that have grown out of the creation of the national network
the new system can produce salinity maps at the rate of 100 square kilometers per hour by using a microwave radiometer , an infrared radiometer ,
the andes mountain chain , where the inca empire lived , creates three natural regions : the coastal strip , the sierra and the jungle .
member states were invited to report to the secretary - general on a regular basis with regard to national and international research concerning the safety of nuclear - powered satellites
the decree states the health requirements that need to be met by individuals involved in this activity , including periodic check - ups for venereal disease and other
a deforestation monitoring system should be developed , combining low - and high - resolution data and using the tropical forest information system , in connection with the joint
research and development of an airborne , two - frequency doppler radar and a space - borne radar for the tropical rainfall measuring mission to observe global rainfall
this legislation , approved by decree - law no . 26102 of 24 december 1992 , has been a major step forward in the protection of minors and
aerial photography and satellite data supported a wide variety of pollution , global change , pollution prevention , compliance , and other ecosystem monitoring studies in fy 1994 ,
mission ibiza : registration of plasma accelerated in the geomagnetic auroral regions , interaction of ionized particles with the ionosphere and magnetosphere
twelve countries have been targeted as implementation sites for the copine project , among them : botswana , ethiopia , ghana , kenya , morocco , nigeria , senegal
scientists have been able to accomplish all of the astronomical goals initially planned for the most sophisticated observatory ever built , even though the telescope has always had a view
for the first time , a proposal for low earth orbit satellites to be used to provide cost - effective and continuous services to rural and remote areas in parts
the eos program is a series of spacecraft planned to carry a variety of sophisticated instruments to make the most comprehensive measurements ever of the interrelated elements
women make up 26 per cent of all the directors of ngos because of their work in research and promotional programmes , and because of their involvement in ngos .
data needs of several ongoing projects have been submitted to the united nations and the european space research institute ( esrin ) at frascati , italy .
because of their extreme luminosity at maximum light , type ia supernovae have proved to be useful in measuring both the local rate of expansion of
at the national level , the national population council created a number of regional population councils , bringing together representatives of civil society and the state to define population policies
in 1990 , the number of women elected as senators was 6 . 7 per cent of the total , whereas the number of elected deputies was 5 . 6
in simulation studies , geographic information systems could be used to determine the effects of land - use changes on run - off and flooding risks , or the effect
this commission brings together representatives of various institutions of state and civil society , including the catholic church , private companies , women ' s ngos represented by the women
the eros data center is the distributed active archive center for data about land processes to be acquired and distributed in support of the earth observation system .
the fall in total investment , especially private investment , led to a restriction in the expansion of modern productive activity , which could not continue to create sufficient employment
since 1982 , the maritime safety agency has been participating in a joint international observation plan using the united states laser geodynamics satellite ( lageos
a satellite broadcasting system for future satellite broadcasting services , such as high - definition television , integrated service digital broadcasting and provincial satellite broadcasting , will be developed .
greater international effort should be made to apply new remote sensing and geographic information systems where they are needed most : for monitoring environmental degradation and for implementing programmes for
ers data , when used in conjunction with other data , is particularly useful in the following applications : oceanography , glaciology , meteorology
where it would be more economical to do so , two - way radio - telephones would be used to link villages or mobile units to local clinics ,
they included : a ) conditions that originated during the perinatal period ; b ) acute respiratory infections ( ari ) ; c ) acute diarrhoe
the seventh in the series of selected papers from the activities of the programme has been issued as document a / ac . 105 / 621 in the 1996
many " what if " scenarios could be examined prior to the implementation of a final decision , so the capacity to respond quickly and interactively to questions made
phase 2 will focus on ensuring that the participants use the skills and knowledge gained in phase 1 in their pilot projects , which are to be conducted over a
on the last day of the training course , formal presentations were made followed by discussion of regional projects prepared by participants in working groups for which access to and
on february 5 , 1993 , the internal rules of the democratic constituent congress were adopted , establishing among their commissions the pacification and human rights commission , which
the first detailed all sky map of highly energetic gamma ray objects , pointing out several different types of gamma ray sources , was provided by the cgro
there are five ngos that have radio transmission programmes aimed at women : manuela ramos , flora tristan , calandria , micaela bastidas
a cooperative information network , known as the copine proposal , linking scientists , educators and professionals in africa , was prepared in close consultation with the secretariat of
while the identification of women with the domestic sphere has not been replaced , women have been accepted in public life and their leadership role has been recognized .
scientists at rice university developed sophisticated computer models to calculate the density and energy of particles at any point in space in an effort to forecast space weather and thus
the charter guarantees freedom of employment , providing it is not damaging to public morals , health or security , and offers ways of overcoming inequity in
the number of councilwomen increased from 4 to 7 in 1984 when the united leftist front ( frente de izquierdas unidas
the total number of self - defence organizations is calculated to be at least 20 , 000 and with an average of 20 women members for each , this gives
while half of the women in metropolitan lima have had at least 11 years of study , the educational average for women in rural areas is 3 . 1 years
the secretary - general drew the attention of governments to the recommendation of the committee that the secretariat should invite member states to submit annual reports on their space activities
three different investigator teams showed that current models for understanding the effects of gravity on the heart , lungs , and circulation could not predict the observed physiological responses during
other uses for remote sensing include mapping , vegetation classification , rehabilitation and restoration of ecosystems , research for global greenhouse gas emissions , land management , identification of critical
intelsat 701 began commercial service on january 15 , 1994 , with the transfer of traffic from the intelsat 510 satellite launched in march 1985 .
the programme for demographic education , which was given advisory services by unesco , was established in 1983 with the aim of promulgating in both primary and secondary
while women are involved in programmes on health , nutrition and the training of women , young people and children , men devote their efforts to technical assistance , administration
avitaminosis is one of the causes of mortality that affects primarily women - 53 . 1 per cent , compared with 46 . 9 per cent for
a nationwide project entitled " integrated mission for sustainable development " had been launched in 172 districts spread over the whole country on the basis of the encouraging results of
japan has developed the japanese experiment module ( jem ) , which consists of a multipurpose pressurized laboratory element , an unpressurized exposed facility ,
in any of the participating countries , the copine system could be developed to include capabilities for electronic mail services , such as internet and voice communications , subject
according to the 1993 census , peru ' s female population consists of 11 , 091 , 981 women or 50 . 3 per cent of the total
an estimate should be made of the opportunity costs , which include the benefits not obtained because of the attacks , the flight of domestic and foreign investment , and
the promulgation in december 1993 of the domestic violence act , as well as the fact that family violence , which affects primarily girls , boys and women
this can be seen in the activities and standardized training courses on credit authorization carried out by ngos , but they do not take into account factors such as sex
after 1960 , the highest population growth rate occurred , which also had the highest urbanization rate ( 5 . 1 per cent annual average ) , after 1960
the world finally understood the terrorist nature of " sendero luminoso " when it saw a family apartment building destroyed by a car bomb and its residents
the lack of awareness and understanding on the part of political leaders and senior officials , which resulted in a lack of political will , led to a lack of
the greatest influence on these changes in the growth of the peruvian population has been the variations in the birth and death rates , since emigration acquired relative significance only
the first few months of the programme , when it received a large amount of donations in the form of food and medicines , which were directed to families through
most long - distance carriers of telephone service in north america and the asia - pacific region began using the new satellite , which handles 90 , 000 telephone calls
the observations show that a third planetary body , with a mass only 1 . 5 percent that of the earth , orbits the central neutron stars at a distance
the delayed start in primary school of impoverished women who go to adult education centres and the entry of women from other social groups into universities and centres of higher
nasa started this research to control or prevent the buildup of medically harmful microorganisms in the air , water , and trace - contam
discrimination is caused by cultural prejudices which prevent women from fully developing their potential and participating actively in society beyond their role of mother and homemaker .
by resolution 44 / 236 of 22 december 1989 , the united nations declared the 1990s the international decade for natural disaster reduction because of the magnitude of losses caused
the board ' s basic functions are to plan , organize and hold elections , referendums or other popular votes , to maintain and keep a single register of
aid for food production and preservation of the environment was important not only for humanitarian reasons , but also because it benefits all the donors by cost savings and improved
the programme was elaborated at the end of the previous government ' s term , thanks to the assistance of state representatives as well as professional women and women '
space science has activities in solar - terrestrial physics , atmospheric sciences , astronomy and microgravity life and materials sciences , a space science enhancement programme , and
on the last day of the course , a member of the committee gave a formal presentation of the results of the analysis to all participants and representatives of bits
the dolilu ii system , which will incorporate the main engine control tables , solid rocket trim data , and aerodynamic control data on the day of launch
a / the 1991 data are not census data , and some rural zones ( rural coast , rural sierra region in emergency zones and jungle ) that would raise
treaties in areas other than those referred to above may be entered into or ratified by the president of the republic without the need for prior approval from congress ,
in addition , the ers - 2 mission contains the global ozone monitoring experiment ( gome ) , which provides atmospheric chemistry measurements ( ozone and other gases
on june 17 , 1994 intelsat launched the second of nine vii - vii - a satellites ordered from space systems / loral aboard an ariane 44
the problem of illiteracy has shifted towards cities and the urban population , possibly as a result of migratory movements and the depopulation of rural areas
every country that wants to profit from space technology should appoint a national focal point to act as a coordinator and disseminator of information both within the
the establishment of local receiving stations , increased accessibility to environmental data , and stimulation of data sharing between international , regional and national organizations and agencies were some of
in august 1991 the government promulgated legislative decree no . 657 , setting up the national compensation and social development fund ( foncodes ) ,
high and low resolution images of impact sites on the array were recorded totalling more than 3 , 000 impact sites , which was the largest exposed area on
with the lower perigee subject to drag , the apogee quickly migrates out of the region of greatest risk and the risk during the long
the poor sanitation conditions in peru have led to the propagation of epidemics , such as that of cholera , which was thought to have been eradicated and
a gis system is used in cartographic applications to prepare paper - based maps that show selected spatial elements from one or more digital sources as well as
a room specially adapted for the care of children by working women during working hours , but only for the child ' s first year , must be made available
in 1984 , a figure of 53 per cent had been recorded , close to the percentage for 1991 , in a youth camp of metropolitan lima and a hospital
satellite imagery played a part in helping engineers develop detailed site characterizations after the emsl - lv completed approximately 150 aerial - photographic site - characterization projects
the activities of these ngos are mostly directed towards the promotion of grass - roots organizations , like people ' s canteens , mothers ' clubs , " glass
after the president of the council has reported to congress on the executivels acts during the parliamentary ' interregnum , the congress can censure
the united nations programme on space applications was closely associated with the asia - pacific satellite communications council from its conception in 1992 , through its gestation period ,
on 10 april 1994 the interministerial par committee was set up in order to coordinate and implement action by the ministries of health , education , transport
in their knowledge of means of contraception and in achieving their desired level of fertility , women of all social groups are fairly similar , but there are differences
scientists are eager to learn more about the sun ' s polar magnetic fields , which reverse polarity every 11 years in conjunction with the solar cycle , and
women without formal education had the highest rates of maternal mortality , which was 489 per 100 , 000 live births , ten times higher than the national average
anyone who compromises , seduces or solicits an individual with a view to sexual relations with another person is subjected to a custodial sentence
the most important of these are the national network for the advancement of women , the national network for rural women , women ' s network for grass - roots
optical observations of geo - stationary objects have been made by the communication research laboratory using an optical observation system in koganei , tokyo .
sixty per cent of pregnancies among girls aged 12 to 14 are the result of incestuous relations or sexual violence committed by family members or persons
the " " glass of milk " " programme is funded by the above mentioned ministry and has been in operation since 1984 and is coordinated by the municipalities and
in 1991 , 57 . 7 per cent of all children aged 12 to 23 months were receiving the vaccines , which included bcg , three doses of vaccine
some parties , which have been obliged to reorganize in the face of reversals suffered since the late 1980s , have had relative improvements in women
mark phillips of the cerro - tolodo interamerican observatory in chile has shown that there is a significant spread of radiated energy in visible light
after the boost or disposal phase is complete , the spacecraft are automatically deactivated by sending commands to turn off all communication down - links , battery under
by measuring the time difference between two surface locations , it is possible to develop a plot of the travel time versus the distance of separation , a plot familiar
in the case of titan - 3 and titan - 4 , the second stage is burned to depletion after payload separation and the collision contamination avoidance maneuver
as fy 1994 ended , it was involved in discussions with nasa on a possible role for these vehicles in space station logistics resupply , and the
nasa , cnes , and noaa held discussions in 1994 on a topex / poseidon follow - on mission , in which noaa would provide
hypervelocity impact experiments are important for the design of space station protection systems , as well as for understanding debris creation and dispersion phenomena .
the efforts of japan with other space - faring nations and organizations are required to examine the debris population , accumulate hard data for verifying various theories and
another agreement between nasa and the multiple sclerosis association of america will use the technology developed for cooling systems in space suits to develop cool suit technology for
the elderly group among the population , which currently includes 5 per cent of all peruvian women , require the creation of specialized policies and services , as a result
saao was involved in ground - based , multiwavelength observations of sources detected by space observatories and in concerted campaigns focused
the transport policy bureau acting as a headquarters , the electronic navigation research institute as a subsidiary organization , and the maritime safety agency and the japan meteorological agency are
an international conference of astronomers will be held at the university of witwatersrand from 22 to 26 january 1996 to focus on changing perceptions of the morphology
the technical cooperation network for organizations and institutions for the promotion of rural women is sponsored by the food and agriculture organization of the united nations ( fao )
peru has maintained its position in various national and international fora of total rejection of any type of discrimination against women and of firm support for any initiative aimed
design requirements for future series of satellites specify a minimum altitude of 500 km above the geostationary ring using a similar tri - impulse maneuver at the end
because of the diverse nature of both applications and instruments , their needs are unlikely to be met with a common small satellite bus design , but more intensive exchange
a back - up broadcasting satellite ( bs - 3n ) is being procured from the united states by nhk and japan satellite broadcasting ( jsb
private companies in europe who already have experience in the digital processing and enhancement of ers data as well as in their photographic reproduction may be used to create
at one extreme , low data rate sensors with only local or regional coverage on missions with low tracking and command requirements impose relatively low demands on the ground segment
rjgc offers regular training programmes as well as a three - year diploma course in surveying and cartography through its community college , which is being considered
some institutions from developing countries identified areas where their countries were or could be using space technology to assist in formulating policy or implementing management decisions regarding sustainable exploitation
encourages the secretary - general to accelerate his efforts , in conjunction with the o - general of the oau , to obtain from member states the necessary personnel
the workshop was attended by participants from a number of countries and international organizations , including : benin , botswana , egypt , ethiopia , ghana , kenya , nigeria
unamir may be required to take action in self - defence against persons or groups who threaten protected sites and populations , united nations and other humanitarian personnel ,
scientists hope to derive practical information about how the solar wind produces magnetic storms near the earth that can disrupt communication systems and cause power outages , which result
it is a two - stage vehicle , augmented by a pair of solid rocket boosters , and has a lift - off weight of 260 tonnes .
in this case , the elected judge is granted leave of absence because he is elected by secret ballot by the board of senior government procurators from
women were forced to cope with domestic tasks under more difficult conditions and took new steps to augment the family income as they entered the economy during a period
the success of this research will provide a quick procedure for inventorying and initial characterization of noncoal mine waste materials , which will give land management agencies
at the same time , the percentage of persons between the ages of 15 and 64 who make up the potential labour force has continued to increase , from 54
geologists from the survey helped plan for a wide range of experiments and geologic observations , including a landing site at the mouth of a large martian outflow
assuming their cost - effectiveness was assured , bilateral and multilateral development and funding agencies as well as international organizations should increasingly incorporate space technology in the design and
space res . , vol . 17 , no . 12 , pp . 193 - 199 , 1996 could be analysed chemically and direction of impact
an act promulgated on 16 july 1987 includes housewives and mothers in the social security scheme , to which end they must contribute 5 per cent of
in this line of thinking , the peruvian state bases their on equality before the law , with no discrimination whatsoever on the grounds of origin , race , sex
the institutions created within the ministry of justice and the national planning institute opened the door to the involvement of civil society , which marked a trend towards the creation
theoretical models account for the amount and velocity of material ejected during collisions as well as the chemical reactions that occur as a result of the interaction of this material
topex / poseidon , a satellite sponsored by the french space agency , centre national d ' etudes spatiales ( cnes ) , and nasa ,
the data in a geographic information system were georeferenced and referred to precise , real - world geographic maps , with the result that different maps of
even when the mother has engaged in salaried labour , the allowance is payable , as per articles 22 and 30 of decree - law no .
the first swedish - built satellite was the 283 kilogram viking , which was launched in 1986 in a piggyback configuration with the french remote sensing satellite
expansion or reduction of the penalty based on the victim ' s age and even allow the aggressor to be exempt from punishment if the victim agrees
mission samba : registration of the local fluctuations of 3 kelvin radiation from the big bang , similar to the cosmic background explorer ( cobe ) satellite of the
three visible channels have been added to the ers - 2 version of the optical radiometer , which works in four different bands , at 1 . 6
on 17 july 1991 , the first european remote sensing satellite ( ers - 1 ) , a polar orbiting satellite , was launched , and provided new tools
the inmarsat satellite system can be used in all phases of dealing with natural disasters , monitoring and prediction , warning , and early intervention and emergency operations
wmo has recently established a network of land - based monitoring stations in western africa , under the auspices of its regional centre for training and applications in ag
the committee might propose ways and means of ensuring substantial progress in international cooperation in this rapidly developing field , based on the results of its deliberations on
the secretary - general and his special representative are invited by the oau and countries in the region to continue their efforts to achieve a political settlement in rwanda
the mu ( middle and upper atmosphere ) radar of kyoto university , japan , has 1 mw output power and the 100 m antenna compensate for the reduced sensitivity
the improved visibility of women in the social , economic and political life of the nation is creating the foundations for a new image for women and recognition of their
in 1991 , the ideal number of children for all women of fertile age was 2 . 5 : this figure does not differ much from that of 1981 ,
the objectives of the reorganization are to create an organizational structure that better fulfill the mandate of csa , makes better use of the skills of its employees , responds
sea surface backscattering signals of radar pulses emitted at three different side - looking angles are measured on board and then elaborated on the ground through a c
it has been shown that remote sensing from space platforms has contributed to the advancement of meteorology , and in particular to a better understanding of tropical weather systems
the debris mitigation strategies were established by the national aeronautics and space administration in the early 1980s after observing that hypergolic upper stages would often explode
several different operations could be performed during the course of spatial analysis , including overlay , neighbourhood analysis , interpolation , classification and time - series analysis
" because of the ubiquitous presence of iron throughout the universe , " hughes expected the results to have a large influence on astronomy in general , and further study
on 8 december 1993 , the government established the assistance project for returnees ( par ) , which is currently comprehensively dealing with all aspects of internal displacement
" a child or adolescent shall have the right to a name , to peruvian nationality , and to know and be cared for by his or her parents "
the return to the constitutional system in 1980 has been marked by a growing economic crisis , a more important role for grass - roots organizations , an unprecedented volume
environmental protection of the geostationary orbit is expected to happen at the end of life , as well as controlled venting of pressure vessels and residual fuel
in 1993 , 2 , 104 , 775 women were part of the economically active population , a figure that yields an economic activity rate of 29 . 7
once the database is created , it can be interactively assessed by worldwide health and education organizations to determine how those systems can be made available for low cost
in 1994 , there were around 15 , 000 such organizations , including canteens and " glass of milk " committees , as well as the mothers ' clubs
the workshop concluded with discussions on the needs of emergency response services , the capabilities of space technology to satisfy those needs , and the actions that would be necessary
it was realized that there was a need to coordinate the projects that were being developed all over the country in order to take advantage of already existing data sets
speakers , chairmen , panellists and participants from austria , belgium , canada , france , germany , italy , united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland
the growing awareness and consideration of these societal issues together with advances in spaceborne technology means that effective , affordable and global mobile satellite communications and remote sensing capabilities
the supreme decree no . 09 - 82 - in , published on 1 april 1982 , regulates various aspects of this activity , such as the prohibition of its
if the rates of illiteracy are analysed by sex and place of residence , we see that it is a problem that affects primarily women more
on a global scale , the ers - 1 ami sar is used as a wave scatterometer over water to generate sar " imagettes " of
presentations focused on human - induced environmental changes in developing countries , such as deforestation , which had a dramatic impact on food production , supplies of fuel wood
as the ground facility to operate gms , the agency has the meteorological satellite centre , which includes the data processing centre for image data processing and the command
this system will provide large message and file transfers over 9 . 6 kilobits per second links and will offer two basic services : e - mail
the observations by david t . frayer , nrao associate director robert l . brown , and nrao director paul a . venden bout are striking
canada is one of the four original member states of the international satellite system for search and rescue , along with france , russian federation and the united states .
even if local radio or television infrastructure had been disabled by a disaster , an uninterruptible source of warning would be available even if voice
while a given geographical area of interest might be imaged by the avhrr instrument on a daily basis , the landsat and spot series of satellites
there are two ers satellites in operation , ers - 1 and ers - 2 , launched in july 1991 and april 1995 , respectively .
unlike " sendero luminoso " , it claims to be a guerrilla group , but in practice its " guerrilla " tactics spill over into terrorist actions
the daily wages must be the same as the usual daily wages , as amended by the sole article of act no . 4239 and article 8 of act
the procedures for the operational phase of the iridium project include supporting software that will direct the spacecraft to execute fuel - depleting and perigee
space physicists using the solar , anomalous , and magnetospheric particle explorer ( sampex ) , launched in june 1992 , discovered
their work remains linked to their customary occupations and traditional roles , such as dressmaking and knitted goods , while their involvement in " men ' s "
in the southern sierra and central parts of the country , it has been compounded by the impact of drug traffickers and has seriously affected not only peasants
unless the data already existed in digital format , their must be so converted , often by costly manual techniques , that could be a bottleneck to the implementation
in the second case , indemnification for unjustified dismissal , a woman gets additional benefits in that the employer must supplement her total social benefits
education opens the door to self - expression in spanish , the country ' s official language , for those whose mother tongue is quechua , aymara
in rural areas , only 18 per cent of all births occur in the presence of a physician , obstetrician or nurse .
anyone who promotes or incites the prostitution of another is subjected to a custodial sentence of a minimum of two and a maximum of five years according
that implied a recognition by the governments of the important role that modern information technologies could play in advancing national development , and other local developments relating to information exchange
through the police offices for women and minor , the police receive complaints and carry out preliminary investigations to facilitate the submission of complaints to the police , forms have
it is the responsibility of the ombudsman to safeguard the constitutional and fundamental rights of the individual and the community , as well as to supervise the
this presentation shows basic aspects of satellite remote sensing and geographic information systems , which need to be appreciated by users of remotely sensed data for their effective application to
the native communities are tribal groups in the jungle and jungle rim , with clustered or dispersed settlements mostly located in the departments of loreto , junin ,
the department where the situation is most critical has both the highest expulsion and reception figures , with urban ayacucho accommodating 30 per cent
on june 23 , 1994 , nasa administrator daniel s . goldin and russian space agency ( rsa ) director general yuri n . koptev signed
in 1993 peru had a maternal mortality rate of 261 per 100 , 000 live births , which was a drop of 19 per cent compared with 1981 , when
terrorist violence , with its tragic toll of deaths , disappearances and forced migration , primarily of men in the andean region , is a conditioning factor for
to reinforce national cultural values through new learning methods and pedagogical techniques , as well as through the production of modules for pedagogical materials
fixed satellite services , useful in disaster planning and warning , have been of limited effectiveness because of the need for large receiving and transmitting antennas and their associated high
japan has committed itself to the development of the new technologies required to achieve those ends , including the technology for supporting and ensuring the safety of manned space flight
gli has been developed as a multi - purpose observing spectrometer using more spectral bands and narrower spectral bandwidths than octs in order to meet
the satellite data is used in the international satellite cloud climatology project ( isccp ) and the global precipitation climatology project ( gpcp
an alternate , or back - up capability , will be provided to ground - based emergency alerting and local services for immediate reporting and request for assistance capabilities
the global social deficit , the difference between levels of consumption and the levels required for everyone to have access to a full basic food basket , amount to about
the policy is to put them into a " super - synchronous " orbit at least 250 km above gso , depleting all remaining
since 1993 , the west china university of medical sciences has been involved in developing radio and television programmes that provide rural areas with basic information not only on health
the organizations that were targeted were the asian development bank , the commission of the european communities , unep , united nations development programme ( undp ) ,
the program supports measurements of the solar diameter and analysis of the historical measurements of the plage phenomena , which are possible indicators of changes in radiance
ars is using space signals to help develop " precision farming systems " that allow land managers to adjust the treatment continuously across a field based on detailed local knowledge
the department of space telecommunications in the ministry of communications of jordan is in charge of international telephone and television traffic and the promotion of satellite communications for the public
the national science foundation ' s ( nsf ) center for astrophysical research in antarctica ( cara ) made wintertime astrophysical observations at the south pole
the majority of women are educators , sociologists ( 17 . 6 per cent ) and nurses , whereas men tend to be engineers ( 39 . 4 per
two women are currently in high - level positions in two major political parties , the partido aprista peruano and the partido popular cristiano
although the european remote sensing ( ers ) satellite system was not specifically intended to meet the needs of developing countries , their data played a vital role in
the united nations / european space agency workshop on applications of space techniques to prevent and combat natural disasters was one of the activities endorsed by the general assembly in
it was hosted by the environment and remote sensing institute ( ersi ) and held in harare , zimbabwe from 22 to 26 may 1995 , for participants
south africa was recently requested to register frequencies for a new satellite system with the international telecommunication union , due to a lively commercial interest in the provision of telecommunication
the purpose of ets - vi is to confirm the capabilities of the h - ii launch vehicle , to establish the technology of the 2 - tonne
the satellite completed systems checkout and in - orbit testing at longitude 89 degrees w . in january 1994 , and was moved to longitude 97 degrees customers .
statistics on the activities of small enterprises and microenterprises tend to underestimate the role of women as entrepreneurs , because it tends to be assumed
the coverage of the station is a circular geographical zone centred on libreville , which extends to the north - west , as far as eastern mali , and
the purpose of this programme is to promote equality of opportunity for all the country ' s citizens , giving priority to selective action to benefit the needist sectors
a feminization of the economically active population took place from 1981 to 1993 with the female eap growing at an average annual rate of 5 . 4
preliminary results show a 50 to 90 percent reduction in buildup of a common biofilm - forming organism when the coating is applied to plastics or metal ,
in each case , the afore - mentioned offers and commitments of both morocco and nigeria assure an early establishment of each of these centres in these two countries
doe program activities in 1994 focused on production of both gphs components and gphs - rtg thermoelectric converters to meet the requirements
the successful april 13 , 1994 launch of the operational environmental satellite ( goes ) - i , renamed goes - 8 , resulted in more precise and timely weather
in order to provide rigorous tests of fundamental theories of dendrite formation and development , long - duration , high - quality microgravity conditions are required
a high official of the ministry of water , forests , post and telecommunications , and the environment , mr . o . mboulamatari , gave
since 1991 , the programme has held annual workshops on basic space science that have addressed a variety of topics , including the worldwide development of planetary exploration and astronomy
at its thirty - first session in june 1994 , the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space endorsed the united nations programme on space applications for 1995 ,
from 1980 to 1990 women took part in defending the health of their families through various women ' s grass - roots organizations : health committees , the " glass
the magion - 4 subsatellite was successfully launched by a molniya launcher from the cosmodrome at plesetsk , russian federation
this decade has seen a decline in the quality of education and there are still groups that are being left behind , however , and this decade , in addition
although it is true that the percentage of women in diplomatic service is higher than it was several years ago , it is not surprising that the number of women
in 1980 , 1985 and 1990 only three women in the chamber of senators formed part of the bodies responsible for setting up the congress : they held minor positions
the vision of each country for this centre and its plan for ensuring that , if located within its territory , the centre will serve the overall interest of all
the background , objectives and organization of the workshop , as well as the observations and recommendations made by the participants , have been prepared in the present report for
in an unsupervised classification , the resulting classes were determined by analysis of the statistics of the multispectral images being analysed
vendors of satellite remote sensing data usually offered several different value - added image products , each reflecting different levels of processing and correction , in response to user needs
research into the role that physical loading ( gravity ) plays in maintaining muscle function will help the joint nasa - national institutes of health ( nih ) program
panamsat ' s first private international satellite for the pacific ocean region , providing television coverage from the western united states to the asian mainland , was built
from 1989 onwards , " sendero luminoso " considered that it had secured a so - called " strategic balance " with the state forces and decided
the initial programmes of each centre should focus on remote sensing and geographic information systems , meteorological satellite applications , ( b ) satellite communications and geopositioning systems
when the data is broken down by sex , the unemployment rates for men and women appear to be almost identical to the national urban average , but in metropolitan
some current limitations of these techniques are linked to the physics of the atmosphere , the contribution of which can only be separated by analysis of multiple image pairs and
to develop satellites and their launching vehicles , to launch and track the satellites and promote the utilization of space technology , and to come up with methods , facilities
professor david block , of the department of computational and applied mathematics at the university of the witwatersrand , at johannesburg , is the leader of an
the main radar equipment is the active microwave instrument , which can be operated in an image mode as a side - looking sar , thereby providing high - resolution
on july 1 , 1994 , the united states communications satellite ( comsat ) corporation , which holds a 23 - percent share in inmarsat , opened
sira provided advice and guidance to the prime contractor , the astronomical institute at the university of berne , switzerland , on algorithms for detecting and analyzing debris
since 55 . 2 per cent of economically active women in metropolitan lima have been affected , the proportion of men and women underpayment is nearly to
short - term and long - term debris hazard modelling , ground based optical and radar detection of debris objects , measurement of the micro - debris through the analysis
the national technical commission on displaced populations was established in august 1991 for the purpose of undertaking a multi - disciplinary diagnosis of the problem with the participation of representatives
information on the availability of processed ers data collected at the libreville station and archived at the dlr facility at oberpfaffenhofen ,
nasa , which procures launches and checkouts for the goes series of satellites and manages their design , development , and launch , planned to launch goes
because the bursts come from so far away , they demonstrate time dilation , an effect created when time seems to be running more slowly at the bursts '
the time for cooperation has never been so good , with new opportunities resulting from major events such as the end of the cold war and the increased realization around
for the purposes of execution of their customary law , the constitution has granted the power to exercise the judicial function to the rural and native communities with the support
the countries that established space programmes frequently do not understand the scope of problems within developing countries and that there is a lack of adequately trained local personnel is one
in order to map the " basic integrated land and water resource units " in the anantapur district , located in the south - west of the state
they formed groups to cope with extreme poverty , became the main centres of civil resistance to terrorist violence , and defended their organized action , human life and peace
since women often enter the workforce as independent workers or by doing unpaid family work , rather than becoming workers or employees , they are not counted as unemployed workers
each of the centres will provide in - depth education , research and applications programmes with initial emphasis on remote sensing , satellite communications , satellite meteorology , geo
according to the same source , the rate of repeating primary school years was 21 . 87 , and of secondary school years , 15 . 68 , in 1993
similarly , the unusable meteorological satellites of the goes series are put into disposal and deactivated by their operator , the national oceanic and atmospheric administration
the funds allocated by the united nations , iaf and other co - sponsors for the workshop were used to cover international air travel and per diem expenses
a cooperative program was undertaken looking at commercial cotton fields in the san joaquin valley of california , which were intended to develop integrated tools to produce crops that maximize
a woman who aborts a foetus or is aware that another person is doing so is subjected to a custodial sentence of two years or
responsibilities were transferred to young girls and adolescents who have become " little mothers " due to the absence and / or limited participation of male adults in household tasks
apscc should champion the provision of satellite services to rural areas in the region , and play a leading role on a number of technical and regulatory issues
unless they withhold their vote , all ministers are responsible for any criminal acts or acts that are committed by the president of the republic or agreed on in
according to the report of the special senate committee on violence and peacemaking , only one fifth of the women subjected to violence submit complaints about it , only
the central european satellite for advanced research ( cesar ) is a spacecraft with a perigee of 400 km , an apogee of 1 , 000
the communications research laboratory is attached to the ministry , which also supervises kokusai denshin denwa , japan broadcasting corporation ( nhk ) ,
these reforms are related to the country ' s legal order and are expressed in new legislative , judicial and administrative measures to chart the nation ' s future ,
in the last few years , the frequency and magnitude of major disasters have made the world community aware of the immense loss of human life and economic resources that
as a first step , a gliding test of a small - scale model was carried out in june 1986 , with follow - up flights in october 1987 .
scd - 1 , designed and built by the brazilian national institute for space research ( inpe ) , is a small spin - stabilized satellite dedicated to
techniques for merging optical and radar data , such as the construction of colour composites and intensity - hue - saturation transformations , can be used to emphasize
the idndr secretariat recognizes that space technologies , such as remote sensing , global positioning and satellite communications systems , offer disaster managers valuable tools that can be
three years of general education and two years of specialized education in cartography , photogrammetry , geographic information systems ( gis ) will be offered by
" a father or mother whose right to visit his or her child has been restricted or limited shall submit the appropriate petition accompanied by a birth certificate attest
this class of spacecraft can make significant space capabilities accessible to a wide number of users , ranging from students in secondary schools and universities to engineers and scientists in
the emergency social programme came into operation in august 1990 as a result of the new government ' s stabilization programme , which was designed to provide temporary assistance for
a high percentage of the population living in the cities and / or having migrated from rural areas created their own jobs , giving rise to a sector known as
peru wants the development of legal doctrine to allow international law to cover terrorism as a violation of human rights and to initiate joint action by the international community in
astronauts on sts - 61 replaced several faulty parts and installed a sophisticated package of corrective optics to compensate for the spherical aberration in hst '
within one day vita activated its telephone bank , trains volunteers , and begins to record offers and donations of medicine and other commodities , after being called on by
a governing board is necessary for each centre because the member states and their citizens are more familiar with their own specific needs , aspirations , capabilities and resources ,
these days are counted as actual working days and thus cannot be deducted from the total length of service because pregnant women have the right to 90 days of
according to statistics on lima and a major city in the interior of the country , 60 per cent of the complaints are housewives , while 20 or 25
the global satellite network for education , tele - health and disaster management ( glosnetad ) , was proposed for the use of a constellation of
nasa ' s program is part of the international earth observing system , in which satellites and instruments from the united states , europe , japan , and canada are
the statistics in the national report on women drafted for the fourth world conference on women , as well as the representation and influence of women at the managerial level
the 10 long - term fellowships offered by the government of brazil are for research and applications in remote sensing technology , and are tenable at the instituto nacional
it has programmes aimed at maternal and child health , as well as family planning programmes , development programmes on women , health and development , and programmes on the
in the area of hydrology , ars scientists , in close cooperation with nasa and the department of commerce , used ground - based and remotely sensed data to
the international academy of astronautics , at its meeting in august 1992 , elevated its subcommittee on small satellite programmes to the status of a full committee in recognition
it is expected that significant opportunities for enhanced international cooperation will arise in the future , especially in the context of the new csp , because most canadian space
in 1991 , the ideal number of children for all women of fertile age was 2 . 5 : this figure does not differ much from that of 1981 ,
in peru ' s constitution , article 1 , we find that the defence of the individual and respect for human dignity constitute the supreme purpose of society , and
the wawa wasis programme promotes physiological , psychological and social care for children under four years of age through day care centres for children in marginalized urban
it was emphasized that some developing countries would need short - term assistance in the provision of such information to their decision makers when needed , as well as long
the official records of the general assembly , fiftieth session , supplement no . 20 ( a / 50 / 20 ) , para . 76 ,
the strategy of wmo for satellite operators participating in the wmo global observing system ( gos ) was to cooperate with at least one of its specialized
it directs the disaster management community beyond the issue of simply using state - of - the - art space technologies in disaster relief and early warning because it promotes
most universities in thailand , such as chulalongkhon university , kasetsart university , thammasart university , chiangmai university
through a directive from ostp , an interdisciplinary , interagency scientific assessment and strategy team was formed to provide scientific advice to federal officials who made decisions
the expansion of the informal sector , under the pressure of a growing labour supply due to population increase , causes the average income of its members to decline because
selected national institutions whose activities may benefit from the application of space technology will be included in the expansion of the distribution of information related to the scheduling of the
canadian astronaut c . hadfield took part in the shuttle mission that docked with the mir station of the russian federation , and operated the canadarm system used
most developing countries were still not prepared to implement remote sensing programmes because of the high cost of remote sensing data , limited manpower and funding resources and a lack
the dense spatial samplings provided by radar interferometry in the detection of displacements associated with its accuracy make their an important tool for assessing most
a woman who feigns pregancy or childbirth in order to confer dubious rights on a child is subjected to a custodial sentence of
23 per cent ( between one - fourth and one - fifth ) had no schooling in the 1980s , and 40 per cent had some schooling at the primary
based on data from ldef , the university of toronto institute for aerospace studies ( utias ) develops design monograms for predicting the number of impacts
the sunrise program supports the development and deployment of a precision photometric telescope designed for measurements of sunspots , faculae , and other features thought
the technical assistance programme would allow for the institutions of the participants in the series of training courses to get satellite , radar and optical data to support ongoing projects
the most straightforward interpretation of this result is that all of the galaxies in the volume of space defined by these clusters are streaming with a speed of 700 kilometers
displacement has mainly involved the andean and indigenous peasant population , while some 20 per cent has arisen from fringe urban sectors and rural district capitals and 10
the 1979 - 1980 elections were governed by decree - law no . 14250 and led to the election of the president of the republic , senators and deputies
the activities of the united nations programme on space applications were reviewed by the scientific and technical subcommittee of the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space at its
the goal is to develop j - i at low cost by using components of two existing vehicles , the srb of the h - ii launch vehicle and
women who are authorized to provide nighttime services in hotels , bars and restaurants must have a special permit , provided free of charge by the general labour inspectorate
these centres provide integrated community service programmes , including nutrition , education , health , sanitation , legal counsel and recreation , and the development of self - management techniques
any job at a site where explosive , flammable or caustic substances are produced , handled or stored in dangerous quantities , or where powders
a survey carried out among ngos that make up the network for rural women as well as those ngos that are not part of this network , has provided a
only 9 of the 183 mayors of provincial municipalities are women ; at the district level in the province of lima , only 5 of 43 mayors are women .
all telephone operators , regardless of the enterprise , company or office where their work , must be considered commercial employees and cannot be considered wage earners according to
they don ' t learn to refuse to do things they do not want to do , and they are even subjected to physical aggression and sexual abuse , generally
in adolescence , one of the most weighty problems for girls is disinformation about their physiological development because they lack basic information about the onset of
as part of the landsat pathfinder program , the usgs has been producing standardized landsat multispectral scanner data sets from three periods ,
the distribution of national income reached its highest levels of concentration precisely in the decade of the greatest economic recession , because of the insufficient growth in national production and
the percentage of women with a secondary school or higher level of education increased as women ' s educational levels improved , the proportion of women aged 15 and over
in april 1994 vice president gore announced global learning and observations to benefit the environment ( globe ) , a new initiative to have students from around the world make
application forms and information brochures on the training course were sent out in december 1994 by the office for outer space affairs of the united nations to offices
the usgs and the epa collaborated to prepare a baseline of global , multiscale data on environmental characteristics and to develop mechanisms for identifying , monitoring ,
depending on the size of radar antenna or optical performance on aperture and focal length , large satellites are essential where specific instruments must be large enough to achieve their
women have always had higher illiteracy rates than men , although the figures show , the gaps between the two in the lower age groups are shrinking .
in the 1990s , this attitude has resulted in the gradual incorporation of men in activities for the advancement of women and of groups of women in negotiations and discussions
sta plans and promotes basic space - related policy and coordination of space activities among government agencies , and conducts research and development activities through the national aerospace laboratory
they have demonstrated the applicability of this system in the observation experiment of " yokoh " , which is a scientific satellite with a mass of 420
the activities punishable by law are what are referred to as pimping , pandering and sex trafficking , as stipulated in articles 179 to 182
in the case of spot imagery , the capability could be reduced to 1 or 4 days using the off - nadir viewing capability of that sensor to facilitate
two other sao scientists , giuseppina fabbiano and dong - woo kim , discovered a huge , hot , gaseous halo surrounding a distant
increased and improved integration of women into the labour market must be pursued by promoting access to essential economic instruments such as loans and technology , and the modernization of
co - sponsorship of the activities of the programme and the defrayal of the costs of international air travel of participants , local organization and facilities , room
the food deficit for the first three deciles , where extreme poverty is concentrated , is us $ 1 . 1 billion , while the urgent social deficit
from 1981 to 1993 the proportion of women who are severely or moderately underpaid increased by a factor of 10 . 5 , whereas the proportion of women
the tanegashima space centre has a total land area of 8 . 6 million square metres and has launch pads for h - ii , j - 1
about 65 percent of napa and sonoma counties ' vineyards are planted with a grape rootstock vulnerable to a new variety of phylloxera
in june 1994 the government of canada approved the new csp , which calls for investments of 2 . 4 billion canadian dollars over 10 years , and is
as the global economy shifted from agricultural and industrial employment to service - based employment dependent upon information and data rather than physical resources and specific locations , the trend
the university of the west indies distance teaching experiment , the indonesian distance education satellite system , and the peruvian rural communications services project currently include 25 conference sites and
the agricultural research service used remote sensing and geographic information systems to provide information about the extent and spatial dynamics of leafy spurge , a troublesome weed
in 1990 , the " glass of milk " committees served over a million people in lima , and 2 , 600 , 000 people nationwide , making up 8
the prime system contractor , martin marietta astrospace , completed the production of all thermo - electric elements for all three rtg ' s during
its functions include storage , management , and distribution of data from the moderate resolution imaging spectrometer and advanced spaceborne thermal emission and reflection radiometer ,
the programme received 15 long - term fellowship offers for 1995 / 96 from the government of brazil ( 10 ) , as well as from the european space agency
the support and voluntary contributions of member states of the united nations and their institutions , as well as from the assistance and cooperation of regional and other international governmental
the gradual spread of poverty is reflected in the 46 per cent decline in consumer spending in metropolitan lima between 1986 and 1990 , followed by a further 39 per
in order to avoid accidental debris creation , the h has implemented draining of residual propellants ( lox , lh2 , n2h4
the ilo convention no . 45 concerning employment of women on underground work in mines of all kinds , which peru ratified in legislative resolution no . 1019
the self - managing canteens have recently concluded an agreement with the national programme for food aid ( pronaa ) under which all self - managing canteen
the iud was the modern method most frequently used by married women , followed by sterilization , the use of the first method having tripled ,
these studies show that the united kingdom is involved in a wide range of activities that aim at defining the orbital environment , assessing the hazard to space missions ,
when peru has negotiated a treaty with other states or international organizations through its representatives and has signed the treaty , it must express its consent to be bound by
speakers , chairmen and participants from austria , canada , germany , italy , malta , netherlands , norway , united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland and
13 of every 100 girls in this age group did not attend school , with this figure rising to 20 in rural areas , according to the 1993 census ,
nist has designed , constructed and characterized a portable , multichannel spectroradiometer to compare the calibrations of field instruments and to check
for the next 2 1 / 2 months , four cameras took 1 . 8 million images of the surface of the moon in 11 discreet wavebands with
the impact , observed in regions of the electromagnetic spectrum ranging from ultraviolet to long radio wavelengths , produced fireballs that left major visible marks on the planet ,
travel will be undertaken as appropriate by the expert and his staff under the provisions of the travel budget of the office for the next two years , as approved
women have taken on positions of authority in their communities because of the violence that has swept over the country , in rural areas , particularly in the emergency zones
the ocean color european archive network ( ocean ) image - base consultation system , the advanced very high resolution radiometer ( avhrr ) cd browser known
radarsat would have a truly global monitoring capacity , as its on - board sar data recorders would record and store data in a format compatible with most
the institute of space and aeronautical science , university of tokyo , which was the core of space research in japan from 1964 to 1981 , launched the first japanese
operations control is able to monitor the progress and location of all equipped vehicles , as well as send messages to them regardless of the state of the local infrastructure
it was hosted by the department of physical geography of stockholm university and the swedish space corporation , as well as co - sponsored by the swedish board for investment
according to a debris mitigation study conducted in china , no measures are required for those parts and components of satellites that do not enter into outer space
as far as conditions of ineligibility for the national electoral board are concerned , the 1979 constitution disqualifies any people exercising positions of responsibility
during fiscal year 1994 ( fy 1994 ) space scientists continued to add to the fund of information about the universe gathered not only through instruments located on earth
the international academy of astronautics ( iaa ) , which has observer status with the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space , started a study on
digital satellite public switched services will be made available to more users , especially in rural and remote areas , because the introduction of the new demand assignment multiple access
it is different from optical sensors in that it operates within a frequency range of 5 . 3 ghz with vertical transmission and vertical reception of radar signals and a
listening to cd - quality radio while driving across the country , communicating by handheld , wireless devices anywhere in the world , no matter how remote , and communication
the high volumes of data associated with digital processing necessitate access to fairly powerful pc - based systems with software capable of processing and displaying 16 - bit
the activities scheduled for 1995 had been endorsed by the general assembly in its resolution 49 / 34 of 9 december 1994 , after the recommendation of copuos
the telecentres would contribute both directly and indirectly to economic , social , cultural and political development of rural areas by facilitating government administration and services ,
among a host of other activities , nass improved biweekly vegetative index map products for the 1994 crop season , based on noaa -
national contingency plans can help to minimize the impact of sudden natural disasters by pre - positioning emergency supplies and communications equipment , including satellite communications systems ,
this seems to be exemplified by the representation of women in the national supervisory body for tax administration ( sunat ) , an institution that has been modernized in
the training course was co - sponsored by the european space agency and the united nations and was held in libreville , gabon , from 15 to 19 may
to implement any of these two systems , it is necessary to develop an international consensus on the importance of disasters and to gain support from the general public ,
nasa uses ground - based telecommunications facilities to provide telemetry , command , and navigation services to a number of nasa , other united states , and international
asca gives astronomers a better tool for direct observation of emissions from many atoms , including oxygen , silicon , calcium , and iron , in the ejected gas
the majority of the complaints submitted to the police relate to acts of violence committed in the home by spouses or companions , ex - spouses but ex
as the fiscal year ended , the usgs successfully completed the first full - resolution global radar mosaic of venus ( 1 : 1 , 500 , 000 scale
the needs of prospective users must be fully determined and reflected in the design and development of jem , which must also be carried out with due regard to international
the space debris hazard is no longer an abstract problem , but rather a real and serious threat to manned and unmanned activities in space , as a result of
in addition to the above organizations , the ministry of international trade and industry , the national police agency , the geographical survey institute of the ministry of construction and
in 1995 trsc supported the regional centres in terms of both the budget and resource persons for the promotion of remote sensing applications and the transfer of technology to
the role of satellite data and geographic information system techniques in land use is exemplified by a study that looked at optimum land use in the irbid area
thematic groups 194 are bodies for coordination on specific topics under the heading of women ' s issues ; they were created for the most part in the late 1980s
both systems focus on observing environmental changes that occur over short periods , and the simultaneous observation of phenomena occurring globally over the surface of earth ( e . g
spartan 201 - 2 , a small satellite deployed and retrieved several days later by the space shuttle discovery in september 1994 , looked at the sun ' s hot
the office for outer space affairs , bits , the european space agency , ssc satellitbild , stockholm university , the swedish national space board
in 1993 , 20 per cent of the entire female population designated as its mother tongue either quechua , aymara or another indigenous language , but in
other participants were from the office for outer space affairs , the german aerospace research establishment , scot conseil and groupement pour le developpement
copine would allow five types of data transmission : interactive audio , image and video transmissions ; large computer files on the order of 100 megabytes ;
scientists at the university of tennessee , urbana organized a campaign called aloha - 93 ( airborne lidar and observations of the hawaiian airglow )
in general terms , these roles are those of father , head of the household and source of the majority of the family ' s income , and mother ,
participants in the isu 1994 summer session programme at barcelona developed a proposal to establish the global access to tele - health and education system ( gates )
the spacebridge to moscow telemedicine demonstration project , a flagship program in this arena , began in november 1993 and uses two - way interactive video
specific targets were set in nine crucial areas : family life , productive activity , housing , education and culture , health , violence against women , political participation ,
it was established in january 1994 for the purpose of carrying out studies and research on the existence , promotion and full exercise of women ' s and children '
the assembly decided that the united nations programme on space applications should spread through panel meetings and seminars , information on new and advanced technology and applications , with emphasis
the olivia programme would support and strengthen cooperative decision - making related to sustainable environmental and natural resources management in agriculture , forestry and fisheries in the asia and pacific
together , the two instruments can determine the speed of the solar wind as it accelerates out of the sun so that scientists can understand how and when the
a large parabolic antenna 64 metres in diameter , a receiver , a transmitter and a ranging system in s - band are provided at the centre to serve
to order extraordinary measures by means of emergency decrees having force of law , on economic and financial matters , and whenever required by the national interest , with responsibility
this body is responsible for improving the efficiency and coverage of services in the areas of maternal and child health , nutrition , water supply , basic education and assistance
the liquid mirror concept developed at universite de laval is being studied by the institute for space and terrestrial science ( ists ) and the university of western ontario
this system is designed to release , after separation of the satellite , the residual propellant from the tank and the residual gas from the high - pressure container
the secretary - general is requested to redeploy to rwanda the unamir military observers currently in nairobi and to bring up to full strength the elements
in order to determine the effects of human activity on the atmospheric environment of the planet , this mission will be developed in collaboration with scientists of the united kingdom
the use of radar images from multiple space platforms , such as ers / radarsat , jers - 1 , shuttle imaging radar / seasat ,
training was required at a number of levels , from one - day to one week seminars for senior resource management personnel to two - week to three - month
a second area of emphasis in the last year has been space weather , conditions on the sun and the solar wind , magnetosphere , ionosphere , and
the programme of action provides for geographic intervention based on the poverty map , with priority being given to the creation of basic institutional capacities in health services , improvement
before the full potential of these emerging technologies can be realized , their will be necessary to radically rethink the way missions are specified , realized , funded
the satellite broadcasting services currently being provided by bs - 3 are being procured by nhk , jsb , and are scheduled to be launched in 1997
decides to keep the situation in rwanda under constant review and requests the secretary - general to report further , including on the humanitarian situation , within five weeks of
mobile satellite services have the ability to dramatically improve risk assessment , disaster preparedness , early warning , and onset and post - disaster relief operations as a complement
three spacecraft , muses - b for the space vlbi ( 1996 ) , lunar - a for the moon penetrator mission ( 1997 )
for all satellites that are currently in orbit , a fuel budget is allocated that can be used to perform a tri - impulse maneuver to a circular orbit with
small satellites have a number of advantages over large satellites , but these hold true no matter who the users are : more frequent , and a larger variety of
there are two shelters for women operating in lima , the " home for supporters of the catholic church " and the " woman ' s voice " shelter ,
nasa has extended real - time data retrieval to the full orbit for gro , which is studying the evolution of the universe , the nature of puzzling
in order to meet the requirements for information and direct support outlined by women , two ngos in lima have undertaken training of women in such grass - roots activities
the establishment of the council fulfills some of the principles laid down by the main international human rights instruments , so far as it allows the creation of policies
in other developments , scientists analyzing data from the gamma ray observatory ( cgro ) , which was launched in april 1991 , found new evidence that gamma
the first satellite of an italian data collection satellite series called the telespazio micro satellite ( temisat ) was launched on august 31 , 1993
the internal crisis within political parties , along with the efforts of leaders to incorporate women in the higher spheres of adminstration and to encourage their candi
the national space development agency of japan ( nasda ) , which is responsible for implementing practical applications of space developments in japan , founded its own working group
another united states investigator completed protocols to study the phenomenon of liquid - phase sintering , a process used to produce alloys of novel compositions from high - temperature
the attendance of the council of ministers , or any of the ministers , is required when congress summons them in order to question them ; the summons must be
the urban population is 15 , 458 , 599 , their . e . 70 per cent of the total , while the registered population of rural towns
to provide suitable employment for returning scholars , sponsoring governments or institutions would need to promote development - oriented activities that make use of their newly acquired knowledge and skills
conestoga is planned for flight in the near future , development of the italian san marco scout has not yet started , although its forerunner , the united
for the determination of the nationality of children , article 52 of the constitution grants women equal rights with men , stating that children born outside of the territory of
women have taken on positions of authority in their communities because of the violence that has swept over the country , in rural areas , particularly in the emergency zones
commending the work of the organization of african unity ( oau ) and its organs , as well as the efforts of the tanzanian faci
up to 30 specialists will be required to serve as instructors , speakers and consultants during the implementation of the programme in 1996 , due to the work associated with
in addition to information on national and international space programmes , the reports could include information in response to requests from the working group of the whole as well as
its main research role is to test a 15 - metre - resolution , tricolour pushbroom imager with a 45 - kilometre swath on
by 1990 women made up 40 per cent of members in professional organizations of physicians , lawyers , odontologists and architects , with the diversification of
three other institutions were subsequently established within separate ministries : in the ministry of justice ( 1983 - 1986 - 1994 ) , the ministry of foreign relations ( 1986
from 1978 to 1983 new feminist groupings were formed , and existing ones split to create new organizations : five in lima and a similar number in provincial cities
if the number of void and blank votes is more than two thirds of the total number of votes cast , the national electoral board can nullify the whole
many of the systems that go into the indian geosynchronous satellite launch vehicle ( gslv ) , intended for launching the indian insat
there was a lot of discussion about ways in which to gain immediate access to the paper prints of digital images , which would be suitably enhanced so as
as telecommunications are one of the essential tools for disaster management , national emergency or disaster management planners need to consider how best to use the available networks and systems
three educational institutions , well endowed with the necessary facilities and resource persons , have been appointed as regional centres , namely chiangmai university in the northern region
the instituto nacional de tecnica aeroespacial ( inta ) of spain , located at torrejon de ardoz , has been given
in that regard , the meeting focused on policy and management issues involved in national , regional and international space programmes , as well as how those issues related to
the mephisto furnace , developed by the french space agency and shared by united states and french investigators under a cooperative agreement , has the ability to study
amsr has six channels , from 6 . 6 to 89 gigahertz , and its observation targets are precipitation , cloud water , water vapour
despite this decrease , the total population is continuing to increase , considering that the increase between the 1981 and 1993 census was 27 . 5 per cent due to
if support services for health care and education were to be developed , then technical , but also regulatory , legal and political issues must be addressed and resolved .
canada is continuing to develop the instrument called measurements of pollution in the troposphere , its contribution to the earth observing system of the united states of america
for the purpose of the prevention of unintended destruction of the h - ii second stage in space , the command destruct system is disabled immediately after
41 per cent of the urban female population is concentrated in the lima - callao metropolitan area , as a result of centralization and patterns of migration and
for the purpose of the prevention of unintended destruction of the h - ii second stage in space , the command destruct system is disabled immediately after
the study group had over 30 members from space - related organizations and industries and issued an interim report in january 1992 and a final report in march 1993 .
a planned international space research and technology institute will sponsor new interdisciplinary teams consisting of biologists , technologists , physicists , and material scientists to do research
in the general context of the crisis , women gained visibility through their professional work and in ngos : feminist organizations and the new community organizations for food supply ,
the impoverishment of public schools , the drop in teachers ' salaries , diminishment of professional qualifications among teaching staff and the resulting deterioration in
if the victim is under 14 years of age or the spouse , companion , descendent or adopted child of the person or of his or her spouse or
in terms of restrictions , women who are minor are not allowed to engage in night work , from 8 p . m . to 7 a . m .
some of its students are from the university of tokyo , where a number of isas faculty members have positions as professors or associate professors .
according to the 1993 census , over one third of the peruvian population is under 15 , a percentage that has declined in comparison to previous censuses , but
in 1981 , 429 , 000 illiterate women lived in urban areas , while in 1993 their numbered 515 , 000 , and it is noteworthy
a father or mother whose spouse or companion forcibly removed his or her child or who seeks recognition of their or her custodial rights shall submit a petition
telkom sa ltd . , the public telecommunications operator of south africa , was able to provide dedicated , small satellite terminals to clients whose volume of traffic
csa is the lead coordinator for all policies and programmes of the government in civil space - related research , science and technology , industrial development and international cooperation ,
since the resolution 45 / 72 limits the role of the united nations to leading international efforts to establish the centres , the governing board will assume all powers of
in march 1995 and november 1995 the british national space centre continued its discussions with the national space agencies of france ( cnes ) , germany ( dara
the world meteorological organization ( wmo ) has been using the data messaging service to send observation data from ships at sea via land earth stations in southbury
to promote research and development in materials processing through test projects , and to implement the space station programme involving the united states space shuttle , as well as to
it has used remotely sensed data and geographic information system to evaluate the effects of habitat changes on migratory birds , assess threats of environmental contaminants to
there were examples of highly qualified individuals who were not contributing to national plans because of the lack of communication with national policy makers and decision makers , who were
the role of in - country academic and research institutions and associated centre ( s ) in the work programme of the proposed centre for space science and technology education
on november 29 , 1993 , nasa launched its first tracking and data relay satellite , which was launched in 1983 and already serving beyond its 10 - year lifetime
one of the main innovations of the new constitution is the right of measures to ensure public participation through the right of legislative initiative , the right to remove authorities
the penalty is for five and a maximum of 12 years when the victim is the person ' s spouse , concubine , descendent or adoptive child
the role of women in the mass media is portrayed primarily in two ways : by assigning to women the care of homekeeper devoted to domestic tasks and
it is expected to be used for pure detection of a fire event in large areas , as well as its ability to locate the fire , assess the extent
" utilization of microsatellites and small satellites for the expansion of low - cost activities , taking into account the special needs of developing countries " is
the 1993 census figures show that peru ' s male population is 10 , 956 , 375 , which is 49 . 7 per cent of the total ,
in fy 1994 , the united states fish and wildlife service began emphasizing the use of computerized mapping , aerial photographs , and landsat and spot data
in 1992 the panamazonia project was proposed with the objective of developing a system for monitoring the tropical forest in latin america using satellite remote sensing .
the agency has been conducting a maritime geodetic survey to determine the positions of the mainland and its off - lying islands and the distances between them using
in the experiment , they used the 20 m diameter antenna at ksc as a transmission station and 64 m diameter antenna at the usuda deep space center
these displaced women are accustomed to forming a couple or having sexual relations for protection ' s sake , and not of their own volition , because documents tend
the space systems / loral satellite is located at 174 degrees e . , and provides expanded telephone , television , and other services to intelsat customers in
the head of the national electoral procedures office is appointed by the national council of the judiciary for a renewable four - year period and can be dismissed for serious
the crystal growth of solid solution semiconductors experiment , using the advanced directional solidification furnace , successfully grew a crystal of mercury cadmium telluride alloy
the main goal of each centre is to develop skills and knowledge of university educators and research and applications scientists through rigorous theory , research , applications , field exercises
drs . joseph taylor and russell hulse of princeton university won the 1993 nobel prize in physics for their discovery using the arecibo radio telescope
the measurements made by spartan 201 will be used in conjunction with the ulysses spacecraft , which was launched in october 1990 and which detected the solar wind from the
there was a decline in the quality of life of peruvian families and a widespread increase in poverty as a result of this demographic trend , as well as the
another improvement in ground processing involves selecting a team leader from a work unit , training him or her , and defining responsibilities and authority for processing tasks from planning
a mother who kills her child during childbirth or in the prepartum period is subjected to a custodial sentence of a minimum of one year and
nist has been studying isotropic measurements for nasa to identify and quantify the presence of tropospheric methane ( ch4 ) ,
the annual report of the united kingdom is contained in the brochure entitled uk space activities 1994 - 1995 , distributed to the scientific and technical subcommittee of
it uses a total of six noaa environmental satellites and russian navigational satellites , along with a network of ground stations to pick up radio and beacon signals
a symposium entitled " space technology for improving life on earth " was held at graz , austria , by the united nations and the government of austria as part
the advanced very high resolution radiometer ( avhrr ) instrument carried by satellites of the national oceanographic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) of the
the first small scientific satellite of argentina will be the scientific applications satellite ( sac - b ) , which is being developed together by its national space agency ,
the first of these was a multifrequency , multipolarization radar , which is the most complex civilian radar ever flown in space -
the adverse impact of cultural prejudices which limit women to traditional roles in the private sphere , as well as the limited knowledge of the community and women themselves
the standing forum on women and politics , which was developed by women ' s institutions as a forum for communication among women involved in the promotion of women and
at the other end of the income scale , the number of women who are adequately paid , whose earnings are above the average , has been sharply reduced :
around 87 per cent of girls and boys go to school , but there are distinctions between urban and rural areas and between boys and girls in rural areas ,
for the purpose of joint management of large - scale projects , there are five ngos for women or doing work with women , including manuela ramos , flora
the nsf supported a study conducted by scientists at johns hopkins university in which they used data from a swedish satellite to predict electrical currents induced in a power
from 1960 to 1990 , the gross domestic product grew at an average annual rate of 2 . 7 per cent , very similar to the population growth rate ,
all states will prevent the sale or supply to rwanda by their nationals or from their territories or using their flag vessels or aircraft of arms and related materiel
the prototype 3 - meters - diameter lmmt is the 17th largest telescope in the world , and it was built at a cost of about $ 500
the desertification control unit within epa will be able to use the maps to assess the effects of the many environmental and land - use programmes and projects currently
the canteens and the " glass of milk " committees have been convened by the two previous governments to participate in the emergency programmes with a view to helping
in december 1990 the central office of the people ' s canteens put through the adoption of act no . 25307 establishing a programme of support for
because objects in higher orbits are not affected by changes in solar activity , their lifetimes can be more than 1 , 000 years , meaning that they will
this is an institution of the national council for human rights , which answers , administratively and operationally , to the higher directorate of the ministry of justice ,
a / conf . 151 / 26 / rev . 1 ( june . i and vol . i / corr . 1 , vol . ii ,
frequent repeating of school years during the first two years of primary school and delays in the start of schooling all form a scenario that may have negative consequences in
in the case of the centaur launcher , used on the titan and atlas boosters for geosynchronous orbit missions , a collision avoidance maneuver
the latest additions to the uosat family are a portuguese satellite ( posat - 1 ) , healthsat - 2 and kitsat - 2 ,
the results of the survey on size and weight carried out in december 1993 by the ministry of education in cooperation with the ministry of health on a representative group
the goal of the training course was to give participants the knowledge and skills necessary to use radar data in a number of application areas that correspond with major regional
the radar laboratory ' s images are being used to map the distribution of various geologic indicators of climate change and of untapped resources , particularly those related
in translating the decision contained in the above resolution of the general assembly into an operational programme , the office for outer space affairs requested a timely indication by all
the satellite will be launched by an h - ii rocket in the middle of 1997 , and their design life is three years .
the food and agriculture organization of the united nations is currently working on a new project , the africa land cover map and digital geographic database ( africover
in ananthapur district in southern india , construction of water - harvesting structures have resulted in a substantial rise in ground - water levels , allowing farmers
the presentations to the workshop covered the use of remote sensing , satellite meteorology , satellite positioning systems and satellite communications and how they could be used , separately
in the last few years , there have been diversification of options offered within the educational system , rationalization of a complex system that has to cope with
this figure is made up of the nominally registered population ( 22 , 048 , 356 ) , the population omitted from the register , and the native communities
the territory of peru is currently divided into 12 regions , 24 departments , 188 provinces and 1 , 793 districts according to supreme decree no . 071
data from nasa instruments such as the total ozone mapping spectrometer aboard the russian meteor - 3 satellite , as well as noaa instruments aboard balloons and
to respond effectively to the needs of the international community , the co - sponsors of the annual united nations / sweden course on remote sensing education for educators decided
a breakdown by age group shows that 36 of every 100 women are girls under 15 years of age , 21 are young women aged 15 to 24 , 38
the in - situ monitoring available in the mephisto apparatus allowed the study of transport and kinetic phenomena during crystal growth of bismuth / tin alloys
almost all of them have no other solution than to eke out a living in the informal sector , where they are forced to perform poorly paid work in
the platform of action proposed in the national report on women ( september 1994 ) elaborated by the standing commission on women ' s and children ' s rights and
on the basis of an agreement of july 1969 between japan and the united states concerning the field of space development , japan incorporated united states equipment and technology into
in precision - corrected images , geometric corrections were made using mathematical transformations that were identified within both the unrectified image and a corresponding planimetric
through the implementation of a satellite - based information system , the immediate aim of copine would be to improve the collection , transmission , distribution and exchange of
the primary focus of copine is the use of its wideband capabilities to provide a variety of information delivery services , such as computer file transfer , interactive
" sendero luminoso " initially portrayed itself to world public opinion as a group defending the peasants and indigenous communities which were being dominated and exploited by
it has made important confirmation of the cosmic microwave background anisotropy first measured by the cosmic background explorer ( cobe ) , launched in 1989 ,
the secretary - general sent a note verbale dated 4 august 1995 to all member states , inviting them to communicate to the secretariat by 31 october 1995 ,
the right of women to exercise their political rights and to vote and be elected is protected by peruvian legislation , in the first instance , the 1993 constitution ,
the economic activity rates for women vary depending on their age , with young women being extensively employed in the economic sector , the highest rate being among women aged
this leads us to consider alternative forms of access to credit for workers in the informal sector , because of the fact that women are primarily employed in informal sector
the type of satellite imagery that would be useful for a given application was dependent on the level of detail required , apart from a consideration of the radiometric
the organization act relating to the judiciary was approved , which states that the national council for human rights shall be the agency responsible for promoting , coordinating and advising
it would provide unep with two different networks : subnet a , the backbone , using 7 . 3 m antennas providing 384 kilobytes
the experiment was designed to measure the effect of the environment on material specimens , which were mounted on the canadarm ( canadian robotic arm on the u .
three - date - time - series landsat data sets for the humid tropical forest inventory project , which is studying the tropical forest regions of the amazon basin
seventy - three percent of all physicians and 55 per cent of nurses were located in metropolitan lima , where there is one physician for every 440 inhabitants , whereas
in december 1993 , the original 12 participating nations in space station freedom ( the united states , canada , italy , belgium , the netherlands , denmark , norway
in the last few years there has been an alternative trend towards reinstating all of the true dimensions of women , and women are given a hearing in
in accordance with rule 28 of the provisional rules of procedure of the security council , a committee of the security council consisting of all the members of the council
panamsat ' s pas - 2 - designated pas - 4 by the federal communications commission was launched into space from kourou , french guiana ,
according to recent findings of the demographic and family health survey , the infant mortality trend over the past two decades has been 20 per cent lower than offical
the current and future development of small satellites is dependent on the appearance of new , low - cost launchers and lower - cost launch opportunities on existing vehicles
it met the requirements of data and information exchange of several international conventions , such as the united nations framework convention for climate change ( a / ac . 237
in line with peru ' s constitution , the purpose of the electoral system is to ensure that elections allow citizens to express themselves authentically , freely and spontaneously
the lidar in - space technology experiment ( lite ) flew on the space shuttle discovery in september and observed clouds invisible to conventional weather satellites , dust
the proportion of the population classified as " elderly " , i . e . 65 and above , rose over the last 12 years from 692 , 680
the united nations , through the department of development support and management services , the office for outer space affairs and the united nations programme on space applications , and
the post flight analysis of the space flyer unit ( sfu ) to the institute for unmanned space experiment free flyer ( usef ) has been proposed by
a person who impregates a pregnant woman and abandons their in a critical situation is subjected to a minimum of six months and a maximum of
the main objectives of jem are to contribute to the development and utilization , to the fullest possible extent , of space science and earth observation , to foster
in recent years , collusion between the mrta and drug - traffickers , bank raids and the " war dues " collected from shopkeepers and
the 1993 constitution states certain eligibility requirements for representatives of the national electoral board : for example , they may not be younger than 45 or older than 60 ;
due to the aging noaa - 11 satellite , on which one avhrr ceased to function in september and a relatively unstressed crop year ,
the national agricultural statistics service used remote sensing data in constructing area frame samples using data from small sample areas as an aid to estimating crops and acreages
the second of nasa ' s new techniques for environmental observation was lidar - - using a laser in a manner similar to radar by bouncing it off objects
in anticipation of the collision of the comet with jupiter , the divisions of astronomical sciences and atmospheric sciences within the nsf and the solar system exploration division of
mbp technologies of quebec , canada , is conducting a study of possible electro - optical and infrared sensors for space surveillance , particularly space - based sensors and
while some telehealth applications required real - time capability , other applications such as image and file transfer , consultations or research , could be supported
the participants noted that some options were becoming more accessible and cost - effective , including electronic tutors and telehealth units that could reach anywhere on
risk factors include long working days , seasonal work , low salaries , inadequate transport , exposure to microorganisms , exposure to insecticides , noise ,
in the field of transport , the importance of space technology has increased , as reflected in areas such as meteorological and maritime observation , maritime geodetic control
the raw images collected by optical sensors on board the satellites were corrected in order to facilitate subsequent visual image interpretation or computer classification and to assure that they could
the ground firing test stand , workshop , measurement centre , optical observatory and other facilities are provided for ground - based test firing of large - scale solid motors
with satellites designed and built by india in the insat and irs series performing to specification , the country has started to reap the benefits of space technology
under adverse conditions , with little or no preparation and bearing heavy family responsibilities , 56 per cent have four children or more , they have managed to survive largely
while the urban unemployment rate for women declined slightly , from 9 . 9 per cent in 1981 to 8 . 2 per cent in 1993 , the rate for
during the last few months of the fiscal year , scientists under contract to the defense nuclear agency used their expertise in simulation and modeling of the nuclear effects in
the idndr world conference on natural disaster reduction held in yokohama , japan , identified telecommunications and information systems as two main elements of its " strategy for
with the aid of visible , near infrared , microwave , short - wave and thermal radiometers , synthetic aperture radar , radar altimeter , and scattering
seventy - eight per cent of heads of household in displaced families are women . many of them have taken on this role after the death , disappearance or recruitment
the workshop noted that many of the national and regional emergency response agencies and services were not aware of the full spectrum of applications of space technology , and that
in 1981 , when preparations for missions to encounter halley ' s comet were about to begin , four space agencies formed the inter - agency consultative group for
maria elena moyano , leader of the federacion popular de mujeres in villa el salvador and a tenacious opponent of sendero '
the principle of maximum use of existing satellite and terrestrial telecommunications systems for disaster mitigation was endorsed by the tampere conference in 1991 , as well
in this connection welcoming cooperation between the united nations and the oau as well as with countries of the region , especially the facilitator of the
the activities and opportunities provided in the two phases should result in the development and growth of capacities that will allow each country to enhance its knowledge , understanding ,
after the restructuring of the ministry for foreign affairs , this department became the office for women ' s and children ' s affairs , and is still functioning in
68 per cent of the complaints recorded by the police commissioner ' s office for women in lima gave the cause of mistreatment as family problems and lack
the wawahuasis programme is carried out by the ministry of education and the national institute for family wellbeing ( inabif ) with the
the improved security they hoped to find in the fringe urban areas proved elusive , conditions being hardly any different from those in the countryside , due to the change
it should be noted that these institutions were not integrated into higher decision - making circles and lacked the staff and financial resources to become a real springboard for
the allowance must be paid directly by the employer for subsequent reimbursal by the peruvian institute for social security ( ipss ) ( supreme decree no
the recommendations of the working group were endorsed by the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space at its thirty - eighth session , after the report of the
the agency used large - scale aerial photography to develop site characterization data during the remedial actions under the comprehensive environmental response , compensation , and liability act
the gross birth rate , which was 42 . 4 births per 1 , 000 inhabitants in 1970 , decreased to 29 . 8 in 1990 as a result of
in june 1994 , nasa announced that it had selected two industry led teams to build , launch , and operate two experimental satellites - - each no bigger than
the eros data center daac component of the eos data and information system ( eosdis ) version 0 became operational in fy 1994 and
on its second of four planned missions aboard the shuttle , spartan contained two instruments , the nasa - designed white light coronograph to measure the density
a number of experiments are ongoing in the coordination of the work carried out by ngos and women ' s organizations and groups in the departments of piura ,
scientists believe that the remnants which created the remnants occurred somewhere between 500 and 1 , 500 years ago , and that the obvious presence of iron emissions coupled with
participants agreed that efforts should be undertaken to promote the use of space technology through the mass media , in an easily comprehensible manner at different educational
the engineering test satellite i ( ets - i ) , in september 1975 , was launched by the nda and has launched a total of seven satellites
in accordance with the recommendation of the committee , the secretary - general suggested that governments could submit in a single report on national space activities information in response to
strongly urges all parties in rwanda to cooperate with unamir in the implementation of its mandate and in particular in ensuring its freedom of movement and unimped
the group has identified a number of areas of study relevant to winged vehicles : aerodynamics and flight dynamics ; navigation , guidance and control ; development of recovery
the united nations conference on environment and development , rio de janeiro , 3 - 14 june 1992 ( united nations publication , sales no . e . 93 .
there are subgroups of the population , such as women without formal education and women living in rural areas , who have significantly higher rates of fertility ( 7
this event was one of the most spectacular results of a telescopic survey of the night sky at palomar observatory , california , by geologist eugene m
the world environment and disaster observation system ( wedos ) and the global disaster observation system ( gdos ) of the society of japanese aerospace companies , inc
pathfinder ( a lander with a small rover projected for 1996 - 97 ) , at least two orbiters named mars global survey , and a series
unlike spaceborne radar where the incidence angle changes very little , in airborne applications , there is a large change in incidence angle across the image swath ,
in 1991 , the people ' s canteens in metropolitan lima prepared and distributed 570 thousand daily families ( care , canteen census , 1991 ) and served 8
the figures for which were 5 and 11 per cent for men and women , respectively , in 1981 and 8 . 3 and 12 . 2 per cent ,
the operational microsatellite s - 80 / t , which is based on the uosat platform , was launched in august 1992 with a mission
legislation on gender discrimination in employment , the creation of protection and monitoring mechanisms to guarantee equal pay , the development of new job descriptions in line with the principle
the vita electronic bulletin board , vitanet , is a commercial grade system that allows for on - line database searching , access to training materials , computer conferences
the penalty is four and a maximum of 12 years when committed by a relative in the fourth degree of consanguinuity or the second degree of
nasa scientists combined noaa - 7 , 9 , and - 11 data on vegetation dating back to 1981 to predict the likelihood of famine and locust plague
a financial contribution of $ 100 , 000 was received from the european space agency in support of the workshop , training course and conference held at libreville ,
on february 9 , 1994 , the orbital debris radar calibration spheres (acs - 1 ) were deployed from space shuttle discovery , and the purpose
it is necessary to ensure that women are trained to exercise leadership at all levels of social life , with emphasis on a better understanding of women ' s rights
member states have submitted information on the following topics : official record of the general assembly , fiftieth session , supplement no . 20 ( a /
all treaties which either introduce , amend or cancel taxes , which require laws to be amended or abrogated or require legislative measures in order for them to come
most of the indigenous communities are located in the sierra region , mostly in the departments of cuzco , puno and apurimac in the south
even though the number of women from rural areas and women without formal education who use contraceptives has doubled , the prevalence of contraceptive use within these
the number of hiv - infected persons reported in 1992 - 1993 is higher than the total number for the previous nine years , because of the rapid growth and
until the 1979 constitution came into effect , the public prosecutor ' s department was considered to be an important part of the judiciary and then in 1979 the government
the microwave limb sounder ( mls ) on the upper atmosphere research satellite ( uars ) was launched in 1991 and continued to make unprecedented measurements of global
intelsat provides expanded communications services to customers in africa , europe , the indian sub - continent , the middle east , the eastern united states , and south
anyone who knowingly murders a progenitor or descendent , whether natural or adoptive , or a spouse or companion , is subjected to a custo
communal labour is a very important component of this priority economic activity , and it is performed according to the principle of reciprocity , a form of labour
because of the presence of heavy cloud cover , which often obstructs observation of the ground in equatorial zones , the station is particularly useful to those
the possibilities for cooperation can be found in most of the sectors identified above in the description of the new csp , and more specifically in space science research
the small expendable tether deployable system - 2 ( seds - 2 ) , conceived and designed by sao , was a secondary payload on
no penalty shall be imposed for theft , appropriation , fraud or damage committed among themselves by : 1 ) spouses and companions ; and progenitors
the office for outer space affairs will be requesting both morocco and nigeria , host countries of these centres to each develop a draft agreement to be discussed , adopted
in order to avoid accidental debris creation , the national space development agency of japan has implemented provisions for draining residual propellants ( liquid oxygen ( lox
all states , including states not members of the united nations , and international organizations , should act strictly in accordance with the provisions of the present resolution , notwithstanding
the two indian - built multi - purpose satellites , insat - 2a and insat - 2b , launched in july 1992 and july 1993 , together
because microwave radiation suffers very little attenuation in passing through clouds and rainfall , the ers - 1 and ers 2 sars provide images of
even in normal times , in developing countries , the capacities of these infrastructures are often strained to manage even the most basic social and economic development programmes ,
on the other side are women of the upper middle classes who have managed to penetrate , although still as a minority , governmental and state decision - making circles
agenda 21 , the action plan adopted by the united nations conference on environment and development , held in rio de janeiro , brazil , from 3 to 14 june
an objective analysis and understanding of the country ' s situation requires a brief description of the explosion of terrorist violence in peru from 1980 onwards and the emergence of
the state has the responsibility to guarantee , and society , to promote , the creation of appropriate conditions for the care of the mother during pregnancy , childbirth and
women of low and very low income groups in urban areas and rural areas who , by participating in self - defence bodies or other neighbourhood or community organizations ,
there must be a larger population of high eccentricity particulates close to hst and eureca altitudes than models predict in order to justify the
although the first priority in designing a future debris radar is that it should have a sensitivity to detect objects of 1 - 10 cm , it should also have
on june 26 , 1992 , with decree - law no . 25992 , the government introduced penalties for officials or civil servants responsible for disappearances together
in 1990 , the national network for the advancement of women was formed , bringing a gender perspective to the creation of public policy to achieve the image of women
as soon as possible , the secretary - general is requested to report on the next phase of unamir ' s deployment including , inter alia , on
ten years later , in 1991 , all these figures went up , with the national average illiteracy rate for girls aged 15 to 19 falling to 2
the purpose of the special project for rural land titling and property registration is to encourage and support rural land owners without discrimination as to sex with a view
the united states environmental protection agency ( epa ) , through its environmental monitoring systems laboratory in las vegas , nevada ( emsl - lv ) , with
the prostitution of children and adolescents is a form of enslavement by which the parents or guardians of the child or adolescent exploited for activities contrary to
the optical inter - orbit communications engineering test satellite will be launched into low earth orbit by a j - 1 rocket in the middle of 1998 to conduct on
research on sls - 2 focused on identifying and further characterizing the changes in physiological systems during and after space flight , as well as increasing our knowledge
the data from the irs satellites are being put to use in important applications , such as estimating agricultural crop acreage and yield , drought monitoring and assessment
each of these draft agreements will have specific goals and objectives of each centre and the structure of their personnel and governing board , such as contained in un document
for example , a simple query that was readily amenable to processing by a gis was the following : " where are the locations suitable for agriculture
nal has been studying a shaped charge explosive launching system which is able to accelerate gram order mass aluminum projectiles to velocities of over 10
this effort , in which lunar research was only one of the goals , was carried out by the naval research laboratory ( nasa ) with the support of nasa
it was a precarious rural situation , the result of the dearth of arable land per agricultural worker , the low investment in production infrastructure and
most disaster prone communities are already vulnerable due to poverty , isolation , and dependence on degraded land and location in crowded informal settlements , regardless of whether the hazard
ensuring the continuity of remote sensing data from satellite operators , technical assistance in the implementation and operation of ground stations , price reductions and easier access to data ,
in exceptional cases , the definition of a small satellite varies , but an upper limit of about 400 kg is usually adopted , in which there are two main
within the united states department of agriculture , the remote sensing program of the foreign agricultural service ( fas ) continued to be a critical element in the analysis
ers imagery corresponding to a single date can be interpreted for a variety of terrestrial applications , thanks to a knowledge of the interdependence of
impact experiments have been performed in various velocity ranges , that is , at around 2 km / s velocity with a one - stage powder gun at kyoto university
the more modernized indigenous communities are found in the departments of pasco and junin , an area noted for its mining enclaves , while the more traditional
the boreal ecosystem - atmosphere study ( boreas ) - - a large - scale , ground - based and remote - sensing investigation of how the forests
the timeband capture cell experiment ( ticce ) h . yano , i . collier , n . shrine , and j . a . m
meetings of the senior standing liaison group have been held between the two bodies to promote cooperative projects between japan and the united states in the fields of earth observation
when the mother does piecework and is not paid for the hour to nurse her child , the employer must pay her an indemnity and bonuses or
a positive response was given to proposals for ensuring the early establishment , operation and long - term viability of a centre in morocco for the countries of french
in the 1990s feminists have been trying to expand their impact to other sectors of society , without losing their ties with grass - roots organizations . priority has
educational policy 237 states that the goal is to eliminate illiteracy and women ' s disadvantages compared to men in access to education at all levels in
in 1989 the federation of mothers ' clubs of huamanga ( capital of the department of ayacucho ) was formed , incorporating 260 mothers '
this decree regulates other matters , such as the requirement of special licences for the operation of premises for this activity , their hours and location , the requirements
the stations and four others installed in the united states over the preceding year and a half are part of an international satellite search and rescue system called cosp
under decision no . 342 - 92 - mp / fn of the attorney - general ' s office dated 10 june 1992 , the register of complaints
abortion performed by a physician with the consent of the pregnant woman or of her legal representative is not punishable if it is the sole method of saving the
as part of the active and ariane passengers experiment ( apex ) mother - daughter active space missions launched on 28 september 1989 and on 18 december 1991 respectively
in 1994 , the forest service used remote - sensing and associated technologies to assist in fighting fires throughout the western united states , as well as to detect high
between the ages of 12 and 17 , when the school attendance rate averages 74 per cent for girls and is four per cent higher for boys , the gap
in fy 1994 , the focus of the joint nasa - noaa pathfinder was on generating data for the benchmark period april 1987 to november 1988
in peru , professionals are present for only half of all births , with 53 per cent of births being the responsibility of midwives , and the remaining 18
in this case , the programmes have to take into account the time available to these workers , their job qualifications , their socio - economic environment , and their
according to age group , women aged 30 to 44 , the majority of them married , increased their presence in the eap by 7 . 2 per cent
nasa and nih selected 22 investigators to fly life science experiments on the space shuttle in the period 1994 - 1996 , the first such nasa / nih
the designation of any honor , academic grade , professional title , office , public function , job , employment or other vocational or labour activity , whatever its origin
in order to implement the national pacification plan and to provide guidance and support for all the efforts made to bring about peace in peru and to ensure full
hiv / aids occurs in lima ( 31 . 5 per cent ) , arequipa , inca and la libertad ( 9 per cent and 10
the current regime is applying an unusual approach by giving women posts traditionally reserved for men , for example : customs superintendant , attorney - general ,
automatic dependence surveillance , a system that gives pseudo - radar images to air traffic controllers by using aircraft - derived position data transmitted through a satellite data link ,
lima and the constitutional province of callao have over 100 inhabitants per km2 , while relatively large departments or those on the edge of the jungle , such
the representation of rural women in rural decision - making or lobbying structures such as the rural women ' s confederation ( ccp ) , the national agrarian confederation
the terrestrial applications related to agriculture include soil erosion , land - use planning and siltation , geology and hydrogeology , river - bank erosion ,
nasa has begun addressing educational challenges at several levels - - training the next generation of earth scientists who will approach global change from an interdisciplinary perspective , training teachers
in the case of young women aged 20 to 29 years old , the rate of illiteracy was 7 . 2 per cent , and there were greater
it is estimated that drop - out rates at the primary and secondary school levels , which had been decreasing up until 1990 ( 6 . 2 and 7 .
the size of the target is calculated from the radar cross section , which is defined as the area of an isotropic scatterer whose echo power
figure 1 shows an example of debris observation using eight antenna beams switched from pulse to pulse around the u . t . sato , t . wakayama
although the articles were explicitly declared null and void , they had to be considered tacitly annulled with the entry into force of the 1979 constitution
between 1961 and 1970 , demographic growth speeded up considerably , attaining an annual average rate of 2 . 8 per cent , higher than the latin american average
the report on japan ' s space long term vision , which was published in july 1994 : toward creation of space age in the new century , has been
it has been operating since 1994 with a number of objectives : a ) to care for , entertain and feed children properly while their mothers are working ; b
the space activities commission was established within the office of the prime minister in 1968 as the body to succeed to , and carry on the work of , the
the workshop identified several areas where cooperation could be improved , such as an assessment of user requirements of the developing countries , accessibility of satellite data and information services
nasa developed a portable telescope that can detect objects as small as one - half inch in diameter at altitudes ranging from that of the space station to sun -
the reports of the workshops , which were held in india in 1991 , colombia and costa rica ( 1992 ) , nigeria ( 1993 ) and egypt ( 1994
to develop new integrated curricula in initial , primary and secondary schools , remove stereotypes of male and female behavior and promote cultural reaffirmation in
in the manned space programme of the former union of soviet socialist republics , debris removal has been used consistently through the de - orbiting of the progress supply vehicles
the office for outer space affairs has responded to a recommendation on the establishment of efficient communication links between african scientists and professionals , adopted at a regional conference organized
the other united states upper stages that can be used , the payload assist module ( pam - d2 ) , transtage , inertial upper stage
it denounced the united nations and the international human rights bodies , and non - governmental organizations engaged in promoting and safeguarding human rights , and began openly to
j . a . m . mcdonnell , " eureca ' s hypervelocity impact score : microcrater flux decreases but the large crater
this phenomenon is influenced by the large number of early marriages in the jungle regions ( loreto , ucayali ) and in the sierra ( a .
the exposed facility flyer unit ( effu ) , which is a box - like structure with a top surface that measures 1 . 48 m x 1
the international telecommunications satellite organization ( intelsat ) , a consortium established in 1964 and consisting of 134 member nations that owned and operated the world ' s most
an astronomer from the smithsonian astrophysical observatory ( sao ) , heading an international team , used hst ' s wide field planetary camera 2 in may 1994
el nio is a warm current flowing south along the coast of ecuador around the end of december and extending about every 7 to 10 years down the coast
these applications can be placed into one or more categories : ( a ) feature identification , ( b ) determination of the spatial extent of a feature of interest
through presentations and panel discussions , the symposium addressed key areas of concern identified by the 1994 workshop , placed emphasis on matching existing and expected space capabilities with existing
one of the highlights of the course was a visit to the libreville ers receiving station , which was conducted by mr . k . reiniger ,
some high - priority scientific items were added to the program , such as flight of an additional stratospheric aerosol and gas experiment ( sage
a similar process is currently under way for africa through input that is being received from participants in other courses organized by the united nations and esa in the region
eurecaj . a . m . mcdonnell , g . drolshagen , d . j . gardner , r . aceti and i
the visibility zone will be limited to the topical zone , and the polar and quasi - polar ( sun - synchronous ) orbits that allow accessibility
in addition to the training and practical results that would directly benefit those who participate in the technical assistance programme , one of its main objectives is to enable participants
the royal greenwich observatory has contributed to papers about the feasibility and accuracy of detecting objects in orbit using optical telescopes . r . crowther , r . walker
the general assembly in its resolution 37 / 90 of 10 december 1982 endorsed the recommendations of the second united nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses of outer
if a pregnant women is dismissed by her employer solely on the grounds of her pregnancy , she may make a legal petition for the dismissal to be invalid ,
it was already applied to space debris by using german fgan radar , which showed a clear image of a salyut - kosmos complex .
a joint biotechnology program between nasa and the nih emphasized establishing joint centers to accelerate transfer of nasa technology and allow their application to biomedical research , developing advanced
voluntary cash contributions of $ 20 , 000 were received in 1995 from the government of austria in support of the activities of the programme , and of $ 25
this is stipulated in article 2 , para . 1 , of ilo conventions nos . 41 and 42 , on employment of women during the night , and
a project on the desertification of al - azraq wetlands is being conducted using multi - temporal analysis for the period between 1975 and 1994 to show
17 per cent of pregnant women nationwide are undernourished , this figure increasing to 21 . 7 in the case of women aged 15 to 19 ,
the national environmental satellite , data , and information service ( nesdis ) anticipated collaborating with other noaa and federal agencies and academia in coastal - ecosystem health
the international maritime satellite organization ( inmarsat ) , a london - based international entity with 75 member countries as the fiscal year ended , did not add
on 11 december 1990 , the general assembly endorsed the recommendation that the united nations should lead , with the active support of its specialized agencies and other international organizations
the sross - c2 satellite , put into orbit using the indian launch vehicle aslv - d4 , on 4 may 1994 , is providing valuable
if a women is dismissed in the three months preceding or following parturition , regardless of whether the dismissal is justified or not , the employer must pay
it was between 2 and 8 times greater than that encountered by eureca . r . aceti , g . drolshagen , and j
dbs - 1 , launched by an ariane booster from kourou , french guiana , on december 17 , 1993 , as the satellite is designated
the shielding included adding nextel ( a ceramic fibre cloth ) to thermal blankets , adding bumpers in front of exposed hydrazine lines and wire bundles ,
after six months of expiry of the period provided for each allowance - 90 days for the maternity allowance and eight months of age of the child for
the economic situation and of terrorist violence made it necessary to develop communal strategies for self - defence ( " glass of milk " committees and people ' s canteen
it was suggested that the introduction of enhanced information exchange in rural areas of africa should be achieved through the establishment of telecentres , where services would
the governing board of each centre will oversee all aspects of the centre , including the adoption of its academic programme , and coordination of the programmes of each of
they are not responsible to any authority or jurisdictional body for the opinions they express and the votes they cast in the exercise of their functions ; they can
in particular , canada has been working closely with developing countries in all regions in the canada to address potential uses of radarsat data for a variety of applications
there has been an increase in mothers ' clubs , " vasos de leche " ( glasses of milk ) , low - income cafeterias , and
the second stage of the h - ii second flight of 28 august 1994 , for instance , was deorbited from the ets - vi gt
in 1992 - 1993 when sendero luminoso ' s activities expanded to encompass the city , the number of women victims was greater than in the rest
potentially suitable earth observation missions for small satellites include : global ocean sampling ( by a constellation of satellites ) ; geophysical sampling ( a single satellite in polar
the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space should request all states , particularly those with major space or space - related capabilities , to continue to inform the
the parameters for judging mental health are not absence of psychiatric disease alone ; they also include self - esteem , capacity to live a productive life in harmony with
this is true of apurimac , where the rate of illiteracy among women is 51 . 5 per cent ; huancavelica , 47
one of the world ' s earliest warnings on this issue was made in 1971 by m . nagatomo and his colleagues of the institute of space and
the responsibility for defending the constitutional and fundamental rights of the individual and of the community was vested in the office of the ombudsman under the terms
data from several different satellites , such as european remote sensing satellite ( ers ) , land remote sensing satellite ( landsat ) , systeme pour l
in view of the need for the participation of academic institutions in order to ensure the success and sustainability of the centre , the higher council for science and technology
the french space agency centre national d ' etudes spatiales ( cnes ) , together with arianespace , started residual fuel venting from the upper
its main objectives were the development of techniques for a global tropical forest inventory using data from the advanced very high resolution radiometer ( avhrr ) of
the kagoshima space centre is located in a mostly hilly area of uchinoura - cho , on the east coast of ohsumi peninsula
the return of both the european retrievable carrier ( eureca ) and one of the solar arrays from the hubble space telescope ( hs
if the social security recipient has made at least three consecutive monthly contributions or four non - consecutive monthly contributions over the six months preceding the expected date of delivery
reaffirming all its previous resolutions on the situation in rwanda , in particular its resolution 872 ( 1993 ) of 5 october 1993 , which established
in its resolution 49 / 34 , paragraph 32 , of 9 december 1994 , the general assembly considered it essential that member states pay more attention to the problem
the second stage of the h - ii second flight of 28 august 1994 , for instance , was de - orbited from gto with an apoge
for the development of technology for data application in the field of natural disaster reduction , nasda is considering cooperative research projects , such as the global earth observation
its general objectives are : a ) to promote awareness at national level of the current situation of discrimination against and subordination of women , and to promote
as a collaborative study with nasda , the national astronomical observatory in japan ( nao ) has been conducting observations of the geo satellites since 1992 , using
the general assembly in its resolution 50 / 27 of 6 december 1995 endorsed the recommendation of the committee that " these centres be established on the basis of affiliation
in order to reduce the ground segment costs , there are limits on simplification because it is still necessary to ensure the achievement of capabilities such as reliable
in the more recent use of the arecibo radio telescope , continued timing of the millisecond binary pulsar psr b1257
the report of the working group of the whole was adopted by the scientific and technical subcommittee at its thirty - first session , and the recommendations contained therein
an individual who works at home , that is , one who carries out their or her work in his or her domicile , gets both the maternity
at the beginning of the calendar year , noaa announced that two new ground stations had been added to the network of satellite search and rescue facilities throughout the
in support of activities associated with the identification of the impacts and hazards caused by severe flooding along the mississippi river and its tributaries in fy 1993 , the
two supernova remnants ( designated e0519 - 69 . 0 and n103b ) in the large megallanic cloud , a team
1european space agency , committee on earth observation satellites : coordination for the next decade , 1995 ceos yearbook ( united kingdom , smith system engineering
foci of the program include data base development ( rescue , digitization , and assembly of high - priority data sets ) ; data access and archive
with regard to the participation of women as representatives of the state at international events , although this tends to occur chiefly for missions involving subjects related to women or
efforts should be made to promote the involvement of women in local and national decision - making and power structures under equitable circumstances through the effective integration of social
the worker acquires pension rights after 15 years of real and remunerated service , according to article 4 of decree - law no . 20530 on
ets - vi is a satellite in the 2 - tonne class satellite with a bipropellant apogee engine and additional features :
in the report on the work of its ninth session ( a / ac . 105 / 605 , annex ii ) , the working group of the whole
four united states investigator teams used the german electromagnetic containerless processing facility ( tempus ) to conduct studies of nucleation in solidification , while
the absence of women among leaders of trade unions and trade union organizations seems to be attributable to their limited employment in the jobs classically represented
in accordance with article 2 , para . 2 , of the 1979 constitution , article 1916 of the 1984 civil code did away with the unjustbited
an effort is being made to decrease the orbital life of the second stage of the h - ii . t . ujino , i . yama
at its thirty - second session , the scientific and technical subcommittee of the committee on the peaceful uses of outer space agreed that it would be beneficial to give
within the engineering branch , the number of women graduates is higher than the average in chemical engineering and manufacturing ( 28 . 6 per cent ) , environmental engineering
the governing board is the general policy - making body of the centre , overseeing all aspects of its activities , and is composed of representatives of the states of
thomas l .l ( goddard space flight center ) , stuart jeffries ( bartol ) , jack w . harvey ( national solar observatory , tucson )
the vita hotline has provided information on civil strife , floods , food shortages , earthquakes , droughts and rains in algeria , angola , benin , burundi
even though regulations will phase out the production of chlorofluorocarbons in the future , the removal of chlorine from the strat
on the other hand , the ad hoc commission on women ' s rights was established in 1986 with two outstanding contributions : first , the creation of the women
provincial institutions and provincial authorities are responsible for ensuring strict compliance with the regulations intended to benefit women , failing which , and following a medical examination that shows that
in 1993 , the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , in close cooperation with the economic and social commission for asia and the pacific ( escap
application forms and information on the training course were sent out in september 1994 by the united nations to offices of the united nations development programme ( undp )
through the application of empirical impact formulae relating the material characteristics of both impactors and spacecraft surfaces and the impactor speed and incidence to these surfaces to
due to a failure , the following satellites have been re - orbited : ots - 2 ( 318 km above gso ) , geos -
their predecessors were the committee for the revaluation of women ( 1972 ) , which had the purpose of formulating policy for multisectoral efforts
these articles refer to the promotion or incitement of sexual exploitation for lucrative purposes , the exploitation of illegal gains obtained by a person through prostitution or by
a formal course - evaluation session ( see section iii , below ) was held on the last day of the training course to gather input which would be useful
the office of the attorney - general instituted the offices of ombudsman and procurator for human rights for the whole nation , charged with assuming
the use of m - v launch vehicles is being discussed for a variety of space science projects and fields of study in the near future , including : x
the state will develop the necessary programmes to reduce mortality and prevent illness , educate the family on hygiene and sanitation and combat malnutrition , with priority
the two indian remote sensing satellites , irs - 1a and irs - 1b , both launched in march 1988 and august 1991 , together with irs - p2
the representation of rural women in rural decision - making or lobbying structures such as the rural women ' s confederation ( ccp ) , the national agrarian confederation
in its resolution 37 / 90 of 10 december 1982 , the general assembly took into account the recommendations of unispace 82 , and expanded the mandate of
a number of member states , including austria , brazil , canada , france , red cross and red crescent societies , international telecommunications satellite organization , japan , mexico
the european communities , european organization for the exploitation of meteorological satellites ( eumetsat ) , european telecommunications satellite organization ( eutelsat ) and international telecommunications
presentations were made by experts from ghana , japan , norway , south africa , united republic of tanzania , united states of america and zimbabwe , as well as
this project will allow nasa to meet its goal of obtaining long - duration experience in a similar environment to test regenerative food , water , and waste
the symposium of the european communities , esa , international astronautical federation ( iaf ) , inter - american development bank , china , colombia , egypt ,
and the loss of life , property damage and social disruption caused by natural disasters such as earthquakes , tsunamis , floods , landslides , wildfires and
flight opportunities for satellites in the range of 400 - 800 kilogram within the short ariane dual launch external bearing structure ( spelda ) adapter
to advise central government institutions and those of regional and local governments on policies to overcome women ' s subordination and marginalization and on implementation and evaluation
in order to eradicate domestic violence , it mentioned the possibility of carrying out a variety of activities , including the following : strengthening ethical values and respect for
in 1989 , the senate committee on violence and peacemaking described the various formative stages of the ideological conception of " sendero luminoso " ,
the main instruments on board the satellites are an active microwave instrument ( ami ) , which comprises a synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) and a wind scatter
in an economic context that is highly unfavorable to both men and women , the main changes in the employment of women in peru over the past
these elements included the physical infrastructure ( i . e . academic , research and living facilities ) , financial support , equipment available on a dedicated or shared basis
the activities scheduled for 1996 under the regular budget , and took note of other activities of the programme , all of which are to be implemented as part of
the overall ( a ) offers and commitments of each of these six countries in support of these centres , as well as the reports of the evaluation missions ,
the guiding principles to be observed in carrying out the reductions in canadian space activities are fivefold : first , that space remains a key priority of the government
the ad hoc commission on women ' s rights , which was established in 1988 to promote mechanisms for guaranteeing the exercise of women ' s rights in peru
the earth observation centre now receives and processes data from the marine observation satellites 1 and 1b ( mos - 1 / 1b ) of japan , the united
in the event of the maternal and paternal orphanage of a child , lack of other relatives or abandonment by or ignorance of the child ' s progenitors
preliminary results from the mission include new insights into the transport of mass and energy in systems at vapor - liquid critical point - - a unique condition of matter
the kitt peak national observatory ' s 4 - and 2 . 1 - meter telescopes in arizona and the cerro - tolodo interamerican
on 10 september 1993 , the main leader of " sendero luminoso " was captured , together with 95 per cent of the gang ' s other
as a follow - up to the workshop on space technology for resource development and environmental management , which was co - organized by the united nations and the government
the objectives of the workshop were to expose the participants , particularly managers of emergency response agencies , to ways and means of utilizing space technology ( remote sensing ,
nasa ' s ozone measurements are part of the agency ' s mtpe program and include measurements from instruments on free - flying spacecraft and the space shuttle ;
through its official journal el diario , which is published in an important european country with the backing of libertarian theories , " sendero luminoso "
title i , article iv : " the present code shall apply to all children and adolescents in the territory of peru with no distinction whatsoever on grounds of race
experiments are being carried out with groups such as the peruvian section of the latin american committee for the defense of women ' s rights ( cladem ) ,
