this provision establishes the procedure for identification of the newborn .
the two ers satellites provide a wealth of radar information for many applications .
displacement has had grave consequences for the lives of these women .
discussions following the formal presentation allowed for more inputs to be made by all participants .
the problems were regulatory , legal , political , institutional , financial and educational .
determining that the situation in rwanda constitutes a threat to peace and security in the region .
it had been realized that space technology could be a useful tool for enhancing international security .
once fires started , the fs shifted to more use of imagery from aircraft .
differential interferometry allows for the monitoring of volcanic eruptions and earthquakes .
in general , health services have been concentrated in the area of maternal and child health .
the office took three steps in order to identify the host countries for these centres .
it plays an important role as the nucleus for tracking and control of satellites in japan .
in 1995 there have been flash floods in parts of southern africa .
the people of rwanda bear ultimate responsibility for national reconciliation and reconstruction of their country .
production , use or transport of flammable , explosive or toxic substances .
this form of organization spread to other departments , such as junin and piura .
poverty and ethnic and cultural disparities are not limited to rural areas .
to execute and enforce the sentences and decisions of the jurisdictional organs .
hope is a winged space vehicle designed to be launched on the h - ii launch vehicle .
domestic workers make up 11 . 2 per cent of the female eap in metropolitan lima .
the potential of space technology for improving public health - care services was recognized by participants .
having the data in digital format allowed for the eventual integration of remotely sensed information into a gis .
ers - 2 was launched on 21 april 1995 in order to ensure continuity of data acquisition .
intelsat expects dama to be of great benefit in re - establishing communications after natural disasters .
mobile satellite services are one of the most recent and dynamic communications technologies available to disaster managers .
on the use of ers - 1 data for the mapping and inventory of natural resources in africa .
economic activity rates for people aged 15 and above , by sex and age group men women women .
only limited and uncorrelated information is available on organizations for rural women .
prostitution and trafficking in women will be discussed in relation with article 6 of the convention .
visual interpretation of enhanced prints made from digital images was less costly , on the other hand .
radar penetration of vegetation - forests and agricultural crops is influenced by the wavelength of the signal .
two groups are involved in the detection and observation of debris objects from the ground using optical telescopes .
in order to condemn treaties that require congressional approval , prior approval from congress is required .
the original intent was to use low earth orbit ( leo ) satellites to reach rural and remote areas .
in the early 1980s , there were far fewer men and women members than in the 1990s .
governments and agencies should be encouraged to reduce prices on remote sensing data and reduce copyright restrictions .
on march 15 , the tether was severed by a micrometeoroid .
improved limb atmospheric spectrometer ( ilas ) is provided by the environment agency of japan .
the study , which is only available in english , is presented in the annex to the present note .
broadcasters started using the satellite service of panamsat during 1995 in addition to the intelsat system .
systems research , which is needed to clarify conceptual aspects of the spaceplane , is an important field .
over this time span , 3 million people have been killed and 1 billion have been affected by natural disasters .
matters that are classified as non - delegable may not be delegated to the standing commission .
it will be clear from the above that no difference is made between men and women .
the first meeting of the governing board of the centre was held in new delhi on 2 november 1995 .
a new space awareness programme is being developed to encourage canadian youth to take careers in science and technology .
in 1993 , the unemployment rate for women in urban areas was 8 . 2 per cent .
to act after the president of the republic , as the authorized spokesman for the government .
these are the primary roles assigned to women in peru ' s mass media , but they are not the only ones .
we started a statistical study of space debris in 1988 and made use of these previously discarded echoes .
there was a need for a more liberal approach to pricing in the area of commercial telecommunications .
there is a pilot project for promotion of women ' s economic activities in one urban and one rural area .
poverty has spread and diversified as a result of the poor standard of living of the population .
the highest mountain is nevado huascaran , which is 6 , 746 metres above sea level .
this data will support technological developments and environmental monitoring in response to concerns of those governments about pollution and disease control .
more precise observations of damaged areas , with 2 m resolution , will be possible several times a day .
to promote cooperation and harmonization in the development and utilization of satellite communications in the region .
the space debris environment to be encountered by radarsat was defined using the environet database of nasa .
this experiment provided data on the debris caused by the burning of a solid rocket motor .
the state bank for development and nearly all the mutual and cooperative savings and loan institutions are being liquidated .
india is planning the launch of an irs - p series of satellites on its pslv launch vehicle .
until the child is eight months old , the allowance is provided in the form of milk coupons or in cash .
a more advanced small scientific satellite , called freja , was launched in october 1992 by a chinese launcher .
there are 92 areas that have been given priority for generating action plans for integrated land and water resources development using irs data .
access to education is an aspiration shared by women of all social levels and ethnic and cultural groups .
the second stage depletion burn was first implemented in september 1981 , just four months after the investigation had started .
those satellites carried instruments that measured the travel time of the back - scattered microwave signal .
it used these maps and other spatial data in a gis with environmental models to estimate consumptive water use .
the satellites were low cost and could be used for electronic mail , with delivery anywhere in the world within 12 hours .
there will be an inter - african astronomical observatory and science park on the gamsberg in namibia .
polarization and directionality of the earth ' s reflectances instrument ( polder ) are measured by cnes .
their was retrieved by the space shuttle in january 1996 after being launched by the h - ii launch vehicle .
the idndr secretariat is looking for ways of encouraging the development of cooperative approaches for sharing space - based resources .
the lightweight booster program will include minor structural weight reductions and replace the current nylon parachutes with kevlar versions .
engineers involved in oxidizer turbopump development successfully solved all of the major technical problems encountered early in development .
the first includes those that have an employer , either in public or private economic activity .
this is usually reached from a standard geostationary transfer orbit ( gto ) provided by a large launch vehicle .
a hardware , software and data components allowed the efficient storage , analysis and presentation of information .
the isas group led by t . yokota investigated the laser radar system for detecting space debris .
protection of girls was slightly higher than that of boys , compared with 56 . 8 per cent .
in mid - 1994 , the eos program was redesigned to respond to a reduction in program budget through the year 2000 .
this campaign of eight rocket flights made up a significant part of the space physics division ' s 41 rocket flights this fiscal year .
within the given mass limit , the satellite could carry both visible and near infrared radiometer and a thermal infrared radiometer .
although many developing countries have indigenous experts in space applications , their was difficult for them to solve environmental problems on their own .
for example , technical exchanges continued with russia , brazil , indonesia , mexico , canada , australia , and kenya among other countries .
the international space station is an international collaborative project involving canada , europe ( esa ) , japan , russian federation and the united states .
mothers with children in these services can use blocks of time not to exceed a total of one hour a day to nurse their .
they also called for access to land and credit and the right to establish and manage their own organizations and to produce radio programmes .
current and future satellite systems could help correct the gross knowledge imbalance that existed in many parts of the world .
to approve legislative decrees , emergency decrees and the other decrees and decisions provided for by the constitution and the law .
there is a programme to monitor surface temperatures of the mediterranean sea and compare their with actual on - site measurements in ships .
only pegasus and taurus are flight - proven , of the major low - cost launchers of european countries and the united states .
e - mail links are being established between rrsp , rewu and meteorological services in the sadc countries to support this .
glosnetad would be connected by a network of ground stations as a global arrangement for education , health care and disaster management .
analyses and comparisons of current and historical maps allow for an objective assessment of the effect of prevailing or emerging drought conditions in a timely fashion .
the departments that receive the most displaced persons are lima , ica , ayacucho , apurimac and junin .
satellite - derived early warning of unusual crop conditions allowed for price adjustments in commodity markets and helped maximize united states farmers ' returns .
recent improvements in satellite communications technology and information systems have resulted in a dramatic increase in telehealth programmes and projects worldwide .
through the new inter - american institute for global change research , such cooperation could be facilitated on the american continent .
that will be accomplished over a nine - month period as laid out in the curricula of the education programme of each centre .
in the context of article 16 of the convention , individual relations among spouses , parental authority and guardianship will be covered .
shielding was added to the spacecraft in order to bring the survivability of the vehicle to an acceptable level .
the electronic navigation research institute is conducting research and development on satellite - based technologies for air navigation and air traffic control .
magion - 1 was launched on 24 october 1978 as a subsatellite of the intercosmos - 18 geophysical satellite .
the eirp for the ku - band is 50 decibels above 1 watt , and their bandwidth is 54 megahertz .
in addition , organized into peasant ' s patrols , they have also taken part in the defence of their communities .
in 1982 district associations of rural women were set up in both the quechua - and aymara - speaking zones .
" sendero luminoso " has been compared by leading international political analysts with the tragic pol pot regime in cambodia .
longer wavelengths may be scattered by the tree canopy , however , longer wavelengths tend to penetrate their and be reflected by the underlying soil .
the credit programmes being carried out by the ngos focus on urban and marginalized areas and are directed at the financing of production and trade .
since the earthquake in kobe , japan in january 1995 , there have been over 20 large disasters reported in africa , asia and latin america .
the second stage uses the le - 5a engine , an improved version of the le - 5 engine of the h - i launch vehicle .
areas that required policy review included financing , technology transfer , data dissemination , national , regional and international cooperation , institutional arrangements and national security .
in 1991 the technical commission for displaced people was set up to deal with families displaced from their places of origin by terrorist violence .
the responses on the completed course evaluation forms were analysed by a small committee of participants who were selected by the participants themselves .
two other communications satellites that were not in the domestic fixed category but did provide domestic service were the first direct broadcast satellites .
using techniques developed for collision dynamics in rarefied gas systems , the group have been able to model systems - induced breakups within the population .
the four main large surfaces are the planned targets for pfa , and the total area of exposed surfaces is about 1507 .
in the past , the main areas of concentration have been training in health and nutritional matters , management , leadership and handicrafts .
adverse social , economic and political phenomena have touched everyone , men and women alike , and the schooling of young girls and boys has been restricted .
these have been building up and becoming more acute with time and culminated in the complete abandonment by the state of large areas of the national territory .
the 190 kg satellite is going to be launched in 1996 by a pegasus rocket into a circular orbit of 550 km with an inclination of 37 degrees .
this satellite , the first developed by a south african university , is a significant research project for the department of electrical and electronic engineering at the university .
the participants from countries in the equatorial regions of africa showed the greatest interest in the terrestrial applications of images obtained using the sar instrument .
the working group on urban services and women in low - income groups deals with women and social services and policies .
the exercise of constitutional rights may not be restricted by the dignity of the worker disregarded or demeaned , by any employment relationship .
those space activities that were or could be the subject of greater international cooperation have particular emphasis on the needs of developing countries .
when the satellite is not over vegetated areas , their sensor system can contribute to other remote sensing tasks related to high temperature detection .
the committee consists of members from the national aerospace laboratory ( nal ) , isas , nasda , universities and major space - related companies .
these measurements will help to assess how much carbon dioxide transferred to the ocean from the atmosphere is being transformed into oceanic plant biomass .
women took part in " family kitchens " as health promoters , providers of basic education and beneficiaries of training activities and some production workshops .
the fund ' s resources are made up of government allocations , donations , and non - repayable contributions from foreign governments , foundations and international organizations .
commercial providers of remote sensing data are likely to press for the adoption of such approaches in attempts to reduce the cost of distributing and processing the data .
to preside over the national defence system and organize , distribute and direct the use of the armed forces and the national police .
the average rotation period of the galactic bulge was found to be 8 . 5 x 107 years from sio maser sources towards the galactic centre .
the constitution states that the community and the state should give special protection to abandoned children , adolescents , mothers and elderly persons .
if scaffolding is required and the work is done at an altitude exceeding ten metres , then construction , repair , cleaning and painting of buildings .
ulysses will take direct measurements of many complex solar phenomena that cannot be observed remotely , thanks to the european built by both european and united states instruments .
both indemnification for work accidents and indemnification for unjustified dismissal are covered in the concept of indjustnification .
satellite communications ( launch of msat , a programme for advanced satellite communications development , a programme for development of technologies for mobile communications ) .
the exposed section will be attached to the exposed facility and will be used for transporting and accommodating extravehicular experimental equipment and supplies .
the ionic composition of the solar wind , measured by ulysses , shows that their source in the coronal gas is just over a million degrees centigrade
participants emphasized that remote sensing and geographic information systems were valuable tools for resource managers and policy makers concerned with the preservation of the environment and national development plans .
during the 1994 crop season , nass continued to produce biweekly vegetative index map products based on noaa - 11 avhrr data
russia has begun delivery of items called for in the contract signed in june , and there has been a number of successful technical interchange meetings with the russians .
joint research with nasda on the aerodynamics , guidance and control , and structure of the h - ii orbiting plane .
one of the principles to be respected in labour relations is equality of opportunity and freedom from discrimination , according to article 26 of the political charter .
the department of energy ( doe ) has developed a new model rtg with a more efficient fuel design called the general purpose heat source .
in august , the first launch of united states research hardware aboard a russian progress rocket included an acceleration measurement system to support both united states and russian research programs
over 80 studies were conducted on the effects of microgravity on astronauts , including back pain and changes in nerve conduction and in the cardiovascular system .
in may 1987 a new telemetry centre was built at the top of mount ohkubo , 4 . 1 kilometres west of the launch site .
india will host a centre for space science and technology education for the asia - pacific region , which is being established as a united nations initiative .
when the first annual ordinary legislature begins its sitting , it is necessary to address messages to congress at any time and on an obligatory basis , personally and in
" clark " will help city planners and developers evaluate sites and construction needs by using an optical element with very high spatial resolution and capabilities for stereo imaging .
mercure , a satellite - based communications capability donated to the united nations environment programme ( unep ) , was discussed during the workshop .
remote sensing is used in preventive studies , as well as in monitoring dynamic geological processes such as terrain deformation , neotectonic activities and flooding .
each centre should offer the best possible education , research and applications programmes , opportunities and experience to the participants in all its programmes .
the bureau continued land cover inventories on reservations in new mexico and arizona with an emphasis on modeling the burn rate of different vegetation types in response to fires
a new class of f - type star has been established , and discoveries have been made of new pulsating stars , including members of rare classes .
the number of women participating in politics does not mean that representation is linked to their demands and aspirations or the promotion of their rights .
in april 1995 results from the 1993 toga - coare field exercise in oceanography and long - term atmospheric effects will be presented .
observations suggest that baryonic matter ( mass seen as stars and gas in all wavelengths ) makes up 15 percent of the estimated total mass of the galaxy
for example , the rates of illiteracy have dropped , school attendance rates are very similar to those of young men and women who are acceding to
financing for productive activities , support for small and microenterprises , reforestation , small - scale fishing , etc .
in order to facilitate the implementation of space programmes , international cooperation between developed and developing countries , as well as among developing countries themselves , still needs to be
the objects on the gto are increasing and are considered to be hazardous to future space activities because of their long orbital life .
the dust of space debris collectors ( dc ) and material sample holders ( msh ) are used for evaluation of the atomic oxygen effect in space .
they will be mounted on top of the jfd experiment apparatus in the shuttle payload bay and will be exposed to the shuttle flight direction for 40 hours
the sponsoring governments would need to ensure that returning scholars remain employed , with appropriate levels of remuneration and benefits , for a minimum of 3 to 5
equitable treatment of women and men , of residents of urban as well as of rural areas , is regardless of their socioeconomic condition .
the united nations and other international organizations could influence policies that would result in the development of telehealth , distance education systems and further networks where their
tdrs - 1 started relaying data on december 6 , 1993 , during the shift from its former to their new location , a year from project start
nasa planned to sponsor a series of multiyear grants to scientists to examine clementine ' s lunar data in expectation of discovering new insights about the moon '
if the work is remunerated on a piecemeal basis , the official daily wage must be their equivalent .
coin - sized mirrors on the wide field and planetary camera 2 and corrective optics space telescope axial replacements units have since been used as " contact lenses "
the applications used landsat tm satellite images and airborne multispectral scanner data and were tested in the cripple creek mining district in central
the duos system is based on the optical intersatellite communications engineering test satellite , which is scheduled to be launched in 1998 .
nasa installed a highly automated ground terminal , gro remote terminal system , at its deep space network location in australia to control tdrs - 1 .
the food aid programme for mothers and children was carried out by an agreement with the world food programme and the united nations development fund for women .
they constructed maps that show the flow of plasma in the ionosphere and the characteristics of ions and electrons precipitating into the atmosphere .
the nursery services provided for under articles 20 and 21 of act no . 2851 is an additional benefit for working mothers , perhaps one of the most significant
in 1993 , more than 50 , 000 cases of cholera and up to 73 , 000 cases of shizella were recorded in five southern african countries .
the following are lunar and planetary missions being discussed by isas : comet coma sample return mission ; mars rover mission ; and venus aerocapture / balloon
satellite data processed by the project and the resulting information products are sent to contact points and a number of users in the sadc region using mail courier services
matters relating to constitutional reform or approval of international treaties , organizational laws , the budget act and general accounts of the republic act may not be delegated to
this performance is different from that of men , for whom the economic activity rates in all age groups are decreasing , with the largest reduction in those for men
the participation of women in parliament did not translate into an increase in the leadership posts held in the chambers by the women elected .
the workshops focus on education , research and cooperation as necessary for the development of space science and technology capabilities at the national , regional and international levels .
the self - defence of these communities at serious risk is caused by the plundering of the flora and fauna and the serious effects of drug - trafficking
digital image processing required access to related equipment , such as a computer and large - format printer , and software which might be lacking in some academic departments .
nurses are exposed to communicable diseases and toxic substances , as well as the tension created by work overloads and their responsibilities for the care
arrangements will be made for supporting selected projects within the framework of an assistance programme currently being developed by the office for outer space affairs and the european space agency
the members of the public prosecutor ' s department are subject to the same rights and prerogatives as those of the judiciary in the relevant category .
adeos - ii will have two core sensors developed by nasda , the advanced microwave scanning radiometer ( amsr ) and the global imager
emphasizing the importance of the peace agreement to peaceful resolution of the conflict in rwanda and the necessity for all parties to recommit themselves to their full implementation
in general , the multispectral and radar instruments exploited different regions of the electromagnetic spectrum , and could often yield information useful for tackling a variety
ets - viii is undergoing research and development with a focus on mobile satellite communications and satellite sound broadcasting using the technology of large deployable antennas operating in
to develop outlines of recommendations that could be useful in disaster - related activities , participants assigned themselves to one of the above groups according to their professional background .
the department of meteorology of jordan has two satellite stations , one of which is installed at the old airport , the other at the queen alia international
its united nations disaster assessment and coordination teams , dispatched to a disaster site within hours , carry messaging or phone / fax satcoms when assessing disasters
vita has developed its own communications programmes , which include leo satellites ( vitasat ) , terrestrial digital radio networks ( vitapac ) and electronic mail services .
their work proved to be appropriate as a theory of gravitation under extreme conditions and indirectly confirmed the existence of the gravitational radiation albert einstein had predicted .
storage and supply facilities for liquid hydrogen , liquid oxygen , helium and nitrogen , as well as facilities to supply water and electricity are designed for common use by
satellite mass and size must be constrained to take full advantage of low - cost launch opportunities because they represent a large portion of total programme costs .
the discovery of helium in the constellation of cetus , which is 13 billion light years away , gives scientists information about conditions at the time of the universe
for parts and components sent into an orbit with a longer orbital lifetime , it is necessary to take measures to tether them with the main object in order
in the first international effort to discuss this issue broadly , 37 scientists from 10 countries met at the beginning of the fiscal year at a conference sponsored by doe
under an interagency agreement between nasa and the nih , the two agencies established a center for three - dimensional tissue culture at the national institute of
the decision of the general assembly on the organization of a third united nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space may affect the implementation of the
russian cooperation has added more capability to the international space station , making the station an important aspect in the new and evolving relationship between the two countries .
women have remained absent from the leadership of trade unions , political parties and other classical power structures despite the leadership that a ceiling has been created for access to
a knowledge of cartographic concepts , including those relating to geodetic datum , reference ellipsoid , map projection and global positioning system ,
training students , engineers and scientists in different disciplines , including engineering , software development for computers on board and on the ground and management of sophisticated technical programmes ,
in the past decade , technological advances in materials and microelectronics , along with experience gained , have allowed many significant space missions to be performed
the first spanish microsatellite , upm / sat 1 , with a mass of 47 kg , has been designed and manufactured by the universidad polite
first to support the organizations , then to rural development projects on production , output and income generation and projects devoted specifically to the cultural demands of women ' s
the current deficit in satisfaction of basic needs will continue for a long time , although it may decrease by comparison with total production or the number of people in
between 1962 and february 1994 , a total of 336 rockets were launched , of which 24 mu , 25 lambda , 119 kappa and 172 s and test rockets
the south african national antarctic research programme is carried out at sanae base in the antarctic in collaboration with other research institutions in south africa and other countries .
synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) will be used to observe the earth , even in darkness and through clouds , providing data essential to a variety of applications for
the amount of daily maternity allowance is equivalent to the average daily remunerations for the last four calendar months preceding the month in which the maternity allowance
the h - ii launch vehicle is capable of launching a satellite in the 2 - tonne class to geostationary materials and a satellite of about 10
an saao differential image motion monitor ( dimm ) to measure seeing has been commissioned and tested at sutherland and compared with a european southern observatory dimm
if the upward wave causes a brightening in the area of the sun ' s surface , then there will be a correlation with the wave coming back at
at the start of the pandemic , 20 cases of aids were recorded in men for each case in women , but today , 4 cases in men
there was a strong effort during the late austral winter and early spring of 1994 to support the nasa - sponsored er - 2 aircraft flights from christchurch ,
participants , ethiopia , kenya , nepal , nigeria , pakistan , senegal , sri lanka , swaziland , uganda , united republic of tanzania , and zimbabwe
to recommend appropriate measures in response to violations of the embargo imposed by paragraph 13 above and provide information on a regular basis to the secretary - general
in view of the poverty prevailing in peru , it is more appropriate to measure underemployment by income rather than by time on the job .
necessarily , a demonstration should involve african institutions and professionals who are knowledgeable of ground conditions and can attest to the usefulness and applicability of
" the birth certificate shall include the fingerprints of the mother and footprints of the newborn , as well as other information appropriate to the nature of the document "
of primary interest is the remote sensing of earth , so that precise stabilization is required both for observation and for a high data transmission rate to allow real -
as a special type of academic training on gender issues , the department of social sciences of the catholic university offers a degree in gender studies ( deg )
all other occupations which , in the opinion of the executive , may be hazardous to health or public morals , should be added to this list , according to
strongly condemning the ongoing violence in rwanda and also condemning the impunity with which armed individuals have been able to operate and continue operating therein .
the constitution states that the death penalty can be imposed only for the offence of treason in time of war and terrorism , in accordance with the laws and treaties
the scientific goal of the viking satellite was to study ionospheric and magnetospheric phenomena at high geomagnetic latitudes in the
scientists discovered this large - scale flow by comparing the motion of the local group with the motion with the cosmic microwave background , which is assumed to be a
the government committed itself to funding 65 per cent of the food provided by grass - roots organizations , including the canteens and " glass of milk " committees
once a host country is identified for the centre in a given region , the process of inaugurating and establishing the centre , including its governing board
after the successful conclusion of discussions with nasa , canada would remain a full partner in the international space station project , albeit at a reduced cost .
in the early 1980s , the right to vote for illiterates and legal majority , and the right to vote were granted as from 18 years of age
sunsat was increased to a height of 62 centimeters to fly laser reflectors and a nasa precision gps receiver for research in gravity recovery and atmospheric tomography
observation posts in nine countries , each of which has an inmarsat - a portable satellite communication system , report regularly on climate and soil conditions in real
coral stresses that there is a greater sense of initiative and legitimacy acquired by displaced women when they transcend their traditional roles and become head of the family and
adolescents are the most vulnerable group for the consumption of psychotropic substances , women tend to consume legalized drugs such as tobacco and alcohol , and their
ministries in many developing countries were still constrained by the lack of funds and of executive responsibility , despite the significant improvement regarding the use of satellite remote sensing as
a booklet entitled " centres for space science and technology education - education curricula " , prepared by the office for outer space affairs of the united nations
in the most difficult years of the conflict - from 1982 to 1984 - the number of primary school students in the departments of ayacucho , ap
under the united nations regular budget , a sum of $ 446 , 200 was approved by the general assembly at their fiftieth session for implementing
at the 17th and 18th meetings of the fourth committee of the general assembly , held in november 1995 , brazil and mexico informed the committee that they had reached
an experiment to use the communications transmitter for active , bistatic measurements produced supportive but not conclusive evidence for the existence of ice in the permanent shadows
according to data from the ninth population and fourth housing censuses , 4 , 921 , 020 people stated they were born in a different locality from
the initial work showed that acoustic waves with frequencies greater than a critical value predicted from the physical conditions in the solar atmosphere are not reflected by the atmosphere ,
the symposium was hosted by the federal ministry for foreign affairs of austria and was co - sponsored by the state of styria , the city of graz ,
after the end of the tether reentered the upper atmosphere and burned , about 10 to 12 kilometers of its length remained attached to the rocket '
however , an unfortunate trend might be seen in the data distribution plans of commercial companies that intend to offer exclusive rights to the customers on a first - come
the campaign obtained important information on midocean storms and generation , propagation , and filtering of gravity waves in the mesosphere and stratosphere
scientists believe that hydrogen and helium evolved within three minutes after the big bang , while heavier elements such as oxygen and carbon came later , and this finding lend
in zimbabwe , the famine early warning system ( fews ) , a donor - supported programme , used the advanced very - high - resolution radiometer (
the shift of the kuroshio , the swift current southeast of japan , which has been traced back to the el nino event of 1982 - 83
as the need arose for local or global image enhancements or classifications appropriate for a range of applications , access to the data in digital format gave the user
the new satellite is the 50th that intelsat has launched ; 22 of them remain in operation providing business services such as international video , teleconfer
a large number of women have more children than they consider ideal : this is the case for 46 per cent of women with four children , 41 per cent
the development of an autonomous basic research capability in scientific and technical disciplines , including space - related fields , should be a main goal of ongoing activities within the
all parties in rwanda must respect the persons and premises of the united nations and other organizations serving in rwanda , and refrain from any acts of intimidation or violence
jem is intended to be attached to the core of the space station , where it will depend for meeting such needs as electric power , heat dissipati
an advanced system of l - and s - band satellite mobile communications will be developed to provide ka - band and millimetre - wave satellite mobile switches
in 1985 feminists made an incursion into politics with the participation of two women in presidential elections as " independents " with the united leftist front .
a satellite health network has been proposed for western africa by a non - profit agency in the united states , volunteers in technology assistance , using a constellation of
within 30 days of taking office , the president of the council must go before congress with the other ministers to explain and discuss the general policy of the government
the agencies of the usgcrp made significant progress during the year in improving coordination in education and outreach , including development of teacher training materials , provision of
the first group at the university of southampton in hampshire are using their reputation as a centre of excellence for astrodynamics studies to find novel and efficient
the international community promoted the adoption of instruments and political commitments as a way of advancing the discussion relating to the protection of women against discrimination , violence and the
during menopause , as well as the symptoms and signals derived from hormonal deprivation , depression , anxiety , irritability and sleep disturbances are
the first provisions of the constitution state that the fundamental rights of the individual and respect for his dignity constitute the supreme purpose of society and the state .
the japanese experimental module flight demonstration ( jfd ) is planned on board the space shuttle as a verification test of the manipulator system for
during fy 1994 it used aerial photographs and multispectral data from the landsat and spot to map irrigated lands , riparian vegetation
the thailand ground receiving station has the ability to receive data from a variety of satellites , including landsat , spot , ers - 1 sar imagery ,
it should be emphasized that the overall mission of the centres is to assist participating countries in developing and enhancing the knowledge and skills of their people in relevant aspects
in aloha - 93 , a sodium lidar , optical imager , and spectrometer gathered data from an aircraft , the flights being coordinated
the use of contraceptives is most common among women with a higher education or those living in metropolitan lima , while it is women without formal education or
although the tropospheric ch4 concentration is a small fraction of that of co2 , ch4 accounts for about 12 percent of the global
anyone who promotes or facilitates another person ' s travel to or from the country or movement within the republic for the purpose of engaging in prostitution is subjected to
the threat to a satellite constellation from the breakup of one of the satellite elements , s . p . barrows , g . g . swinerd
the satellite systems that had been used were ers - 1 and ers - 2 , the japanese earth resources satellite ( jers - 1 ) ,
women with family responsibilities , regardless of their age or civil status , have family responsibilities and are prepared to do part - time or short - term work ,
the vice - minister for justice , a woman , who has recently been elected vice - chairman of the inter - american commission of women of the organization of
this includes the preparation of national disaster emergency and contingency plans , establishment of pools of expertise and equipment for such purposes , inclusion of emergency telecommunications systems
the programme ' s implementation is of special importance because it will improve the status and protection of women by coordinating the treatment currently given to women not only in
" the worker shall have the right to equitable and appropriate remuneration such as to ensure his or her material and spiritual well - being and that
nasa modified its planning for eosdis architecture , making it more extensible and accessible , and continued the development of the means by which information from
more detailed proposals than those elaborated during the course will be solicited from participants in order to evaluate the relative merits of the various proposals and to facilitate
csa , in collaboration with the united states national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) and the centre national d ' etudes spatiales ( cnes ) ,
the two astronomers used the joint german - u . k . x - ray satellite roentgen satellite ( rosat ) , launched in june 1990 ,
at the request of the supreme court or the board of senior government procurators at all instances , enforcement of the penalty of dismissal in the case
feminist groups initially focused on sexuality and feminist self - awareness . they opened up their activities to address grass - roots organization for women , women ' s lack
at its session in 1995 , the council of the international telecommunication union ( theiru ) approved the application of apscc for membership and added apsc
the first attempts at popular resistance with the formation of the self - defence " peasant patrols " and the successful initiative of self - managed grass - roots organizations
additional geodetic and climatological information is generated from the former , which leads to the availability of some important climatic change indicators , such as
landsat , spot , and avhrr satellite data plus aerial photographs supported ecosystem - based management of mineral resources , land use planning , fire fuels mapping
there are currently 13 ministries : foreign affairs ; the interior ; justice ; defence ; fisheries ; agriculture ; economy and finance ; education ; health ; labour and
observations of gas clouds associated with the high - redshift quasar pc + 46a using the 42 and 12 - meter radio telescopes at the
the eros data center was planning to archive and distribute other data sets through its land processes daac , such as data from the advanced very high resolution
in order to study maternal undernutrition , one must first go back to infancy , when both boys and girls frequently show signs of chronic undernut
in order to assist in adjusting the scope of an activity organized by the programme and to determine whether a particular activity is geared towards the development of capabilities in
on the technological side , the optical charge - coupled device ( ccd ) was improved , and a highly successful ccd autoguider was commissioned on
knowledge of radar image interpretation is becoming more important because of the growing number of operational and planned radar satellites ( e . g . ers - 1 ,
the regional remote sensing ers - 1 project of the european communities and asean ; the globesar project ; the global research network system project ; joint research
the office for outer space affairs proposed to examine the possibility of organizing , through sida , a more advanced course for remote sensing educators , during which operational
since 1992 the usgs has been working with nasa , noaa , esa , and more than 31 foreign ground receiving stations to collect avhrr data
while the international community is looking at the problem from a global standpoint and deciding which legal and political criteria the organizations will adopt in order to avert
in order to minimize the creation of space debris , the canadian radarsat programme has established a system - level requirement that any solid debris resulting from the operation
nasa and the office of satellite data products and distribution forged a partnership with nasa for the development and joint funding of a united states ground system to support real
lower figures were recorded for women without formal education , and for those living in the sierra region ( 12 . 3 per cent ) and rural areas ( 14
the employer is obliged to pay the maternity allowance , which is due as from 45 days preceding the birth and must continue to be paid for 45 days after
remote sensing as a business is based on the reception , processing and distribution of resource data from the polar orbiting satellites of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ,
legislative decree no . 052 ( public prosecutor ' s department organization act ) , promulgated on 16 march 1981 , states that " the public prosecutor
in these circumstances , women have played a more leading role , partly by preserving the family , which has been deeply affected in a number of ways , ranging
since the entire country is located in the tropical zone , its climate should be hot and humid , however , the existence of various geographical accidents and features -
these cities have achieved accelerated growth through migration from the countryside , ilo , tacna , and the jungle region because of the emergence and vitality
at its eighth session ( a / ac . 105 / 571 , annex ii , para . 17 ) , the working group of the whole to evaluate
the main objective is the eradication of domestic violence , both physical and psychological , through a number of initiatives : educational and consciousness - raising campaigns , introduction
