this provision establishes the procedure for identification of the newborn .
the two ers satellites provide a wealth of radar information for many applications .
118 . displacement has had grave consequences for the lives of these women :
discussions following the formal presentation allowed additional inputs to be made by all participants .
the problems were regulatory , legal , political , institutional , financial and educational .
determining that the situation in rwanda constitutes a threat to peace and security in the region ,
it had been realized that space technology could be a valuable tool for enhancing international security .
once fires started , the fs shifted to greater use of imagery from aircraft .
differential interferometry also allows for the monitoring of volcanic eruptions and earthquakes .
in general , health services have been concentrated in the area of maternal and child health .
4 . the office took three steps in order to identify the host countries for these centres .
it also plays an important role as the nucleus for tracking and control of satellites in japan .
in 1995 there have been flash floods in botswana , northern namibia and parts of southern africa .
recognizing that the people of rwanda bear ultimate responsibility for national reconciliation and reconstruction of their country ,
f . production , use or transport of flammable , explosive or toxic substances .
subsequently this form of organization spread to other departments such as junin and piura .
poverty and ethnic and cultural disparities are not confined to rural areas , however .
( i ) to execute and enforce the sentences and decisions of the jurisdictional organs ;
hope is a winged unmanned space vehicle designed to be launched on the h - ii launch vehicle .
- domestic workers represent 11 . 2 per cent of the female eap in metropolitan lima .
the potential of space technology for improving traditional public health - care services was recognized by participants .
having the data in digital format also facilitated eventual incorporation of remotely sensed information into a gis .
ers - 2 was launched on 21 april 1995 in order to ensure continuity of data acquisition .
intelsat expects dama to be of great benefit in re - establishing communications after natural disasters .
mobile satellite services have been one of the most recent and dynamic communications technologies available to disaster managers .
on the use of ers - 1 data for the mapping and inventory of natural resources in africa
economic activity rates for people aged 15 and above , by sex and age group men women men women
466 . only limited and uncorrelated information is available on organizations for rural women .
43 . prostitution and trafficking in women will be discussed in connection with article 6 of the convention .
visual interpretation of enhanced prints made from digital images was , on the other hand , less costly .
radar penetration of vegetation - forests and agricultural crops - is influenced by the wavelength of the signal .
two groups are involved in the detection and observation of debris objects from the ground using optical telescopes .
in order to denounce treaties that require congressional approval , prior approval from congress is also required .
the original intent was to use low earth orbit ( leo ) satellites to reach rural and remote areas .
306 . in the early 1980s , there were far fewer men and women members than in the 1990s .
governments and agencies should therefore be encouraged to reduce prices on remote sensing data and to reduce copyright restrictions .
the tether apparently was severed by a micrometeoroid ( or debris ) on march 15 .
( e ) improved limb atmospheric spectrometer ( ilas ) by the environment agency of japan ;
the study , which is available in english only , is presented in the annex to the present note .
in addition to the intelsat system , broadcasters started using the satellite service of panamsat during 1995 .
another important field is that of systems research , which is needed to clarify conceptual aspects of the spaceplane .
over this timespan , 3 million people have been killed and 1 billion have been affected by natural disasters .
matters that are classified as non - delegable may not be delegated to the standing commission .
371 . it will be clear from the above that no distinction is made between men and women .
the first meeting of the governing board of the centre was held at new delhi on 2 november 1995 .
( f ) a new space awareness programme to encourage canadian youth to undertake careers in science and technology .
387 . in 1993 , the unemployment rate for women in urban areas was 8 . 2 per cent .
( a ) to act , after the president of the republic , as the authorized spokesman for the government ;
these are the primary roles assigned to women in peru ' s mass media , but not the only ones .
we decided to make use of these previously discarded echoes and started a statistical study of space debris in 1988 .
there was a need for better standards and a more liberal approach to pricing in the area of commercial telecommunications .
166 . a pilot project for promotion of women ' s economic activities in one urban and one rural area .
poverty has spread and diversified as a result of the deterioration of the standards of living of peru ' s population .
the highest mountain is nevado huascaran , which stands 6 , 746 metres above sea level .
this data will support technological developments and environmental monitoring in response to concerns of those governments about pollution and disease control .
more precise observations of the damaged areas , with 2 m resolution , will also be possible several times a day .
( a ) to promote cooperation and harmonization in the development and utilization of satellite communications in the region ;
the space debris environment to be encountered by radarsat was defined using the environet database of nasa .
as a result , this experiment provided data on the orbital debris caused by the burning of a solid rocket motor .
the state bank for development and nearly all the mutual and cooperative savings and loan institutions are currently being liquidated .
india has planned the launch of an irs - p series of satellites on board its pslv launch vehicle .
the allowance is provided in the form of milk coupons or in cash until the child is eight months old .
a more advanced small scientific satellite , called freja , was launched on 6 october 1992 by a chinese launcher .
priority has been given to 92 specific areas for generating action plans for integrated land and water resources development using irs data .
329 . access to education is an aspiration shared by women of all social strata and ethnic and cultural groups .
the second stage depletion burn was first implemented in september 1981 , just four months after the investigation had started .
those satellites carried instruments that transmitted microwave energy in pulses and measured the travel time of the back - scattered microwave signal .
it used these maps and other spatial data in a gis with environmental models to estimate consumptive water use .
the satellites were low cost and could be used for electronic mail , with delivery anywhere in the world within 12 hours .
( c ) the development of an inter - african astronomical observatory and science park on the gamsberg in namibia ;
( c ) polarization and directionality of the earth ' s reflectances instrument ( polder ) by cnes ;
it was launched by the h - ii launch vehicle in march 1995 , and retrieved by the space shuttle in january 1996 .
therefore , the idndr secretariat is seeking ways of encouraging the development of cooperative approaches for sharing space - based resources .
the lightweight booster program will replace the current nylon parachutes with kevlar versions and will include minor structural weight reductions .
engineers involved in the oxidizer turbopump development successfully resolved all of the major technical problems encountered early in development .
the first includes those that have an employer , either in public or private economic activity ( article 2 ( a ) ) .
this orbit is usually reached from a standard geostationary transfer orbit ( gto ) provided by a large launch vehicle .
a gis consisted of hardware , software and data components which allowed the efficient storage , analysis and presentation of information .
the laser radar system for detecting space debris has been investigated by an isas group led by t . yokota .
protection of girls was slightly higher than of boys ( 58 . 7 per cent compared with 56 . 8 per cent ) .
in mid - 1994 , the eos program was redesigned to respond to a reduction in program budget through the year 2000 .
this campaign of eight rocket flights formed a significant part of the space physics division ' s 41 rocket flights this fiscal year .
within the given mass limit , the satellite could carry the visible and near infrared radiometer and a thermal infrared radiometer .
although many developing countries had indigenous experts in space applications , it was nevertheless difficult for them to solve environmental problems on their own .
for example , technical exchanges continued with russia , brazil , indonesia , mexico , canada , australia , and kenya among other countries .
the international space station is an international collaborative project involving canada , europe ( esa ) , japan , russian federation and united states .
mothers with children in these services can use blocks of time not to exceed a total of one hour a day to nurse them .
they also called for access to land and credit and the right to establish and manage their own organizations and to produce radio programmes .
current and future satellite systems could do much to rectify the gross knowledge imbalance that existed in many parts of the world .
( c ) to approve legislative decrees , emergency decrees and the other decrees and decisions provided for by the constitution and the law .
there is also a programme to monitor surface temperatures of the mediterranean sea and to compare them with actual on - site measurements in ships .
of the major low - cost launchers of european countries and the united states , only pegasus and taurus are flight - proven .
to support this , e - mail links are being established between rrsp , rewu and meteorological services in the sadc countries .
glosnetad would be connected by a network of ground stations as a global arrangement for education , health care and disaster management ,
analyses and comparisons of current and historical maps enable the objective assessment of the effect of prevailing or emerging drought conditions in a timely fashion .
the departments receiving the most displaced persons are lima , ica , ayacucho , apurimac and junin .
satellite - derived early warning of unusual crop conditions allowed for price adjustments in commodity markets and helped maximize united states farmers ' returns .
recent improvements in satellite communications technology and information systems had resulted in a dramatic increase in telehealth programmes and projects worldwide .
in the latter case , such cooperation could be facilitated on the american continent through the new inter - american institute for global change research .
that will be accomplished over a nine - month period as laid out in the curricula of the education programme of each centre .
27 . individual relations among spouses , parental authority and guardianship will be covered in the context of article 16 of the convention .
where required , shielding was added to the spacecraft in order to bring the survivability of the spacecraft to an acceptable level .
( a ) the electronic navigation research institute is conducting research and development work on satellite - based technologies for air navigation and air traffic control .
magion - 1 was launched on 24 october 1978 as a subsatellite of the intercosmos - 18 geophysical satellite .
the eirp for the ku - band is 50 decibels above 1 watt , and its bandwidth is 54 megahertz .
in addition , organized into peasant ' s patrols , they have actively participated in the defence of their communities ( amelia fort 1993 ) .
in 1982 , district associations of rural women were set up in both the quechua - and the aymara - speaking zones .
67 . " sendero luminoso " has been compared by leading international political analysts with the tragic pol pot regime in cambodia .
shorter wavelengths may be scattered by the tree canopy , however , longer wavelengths tend to penetrate it and be reflected by the underlying soil .
the credit programmes being carried out by the ngos focus on urban and marginalized areas and are directed at the financing of production and trade .
since the earthquake in kobe , japan , in january 1995 , there have been over 20 large disasters reported in africa , asia and latin america .
the second stage uses the le - 5a engine , an improved version of the le - 5 engine of the h - i launch vehicle .
areas that required such policy review included financing , technology transfer , data dissemination , national , regional and international cooperation , institutional arrangements and national security .
180 . in 1991 the technical commission for displaced people was set up to deal with families displaced from their places of origin by terrorist violence .
the responses on the completed course evaluation forms were analysed by a small committee of participants whose members were selected by the participants themselves .
two other communications satellites that were not in the domestic fixed category but did provide domestic service were the first direct broadcast satellites ( dbs ) .
applying techniques developed for collision dynamics in rarefied gas systems , the group have been able to model collision - induced breakups within the population .
the total area of the exposed surfaces of sfu is about 150 m² and the four main large surfaces are the planned targets for pfa :
175 . the principal areas of concentration in the past have been training in health and nutritional matters , management , leadership and handicrafts .
adverse social , economic and political phenomena have touched everyone , men and women alike , and the schooling of young girls and boys has been restricted .
these have been building up and becoming more acute with time and culminated in the complete abandonment by the state of large areas of the national territory .
the 190 kg satellite is to be launched in 1996 by a pegasus rocket into a circular orbit of 550 km with an inclination of 37 degrees .
this satellite , the first developed by a south african university , is a significant research project for the department of electrical and electronic engineering at the university .
13 . the participants from countries in the equatorial regions of africa showed the greatest interest in the terrestrial applications of images obtained using the sar instrument .
197 . the working group on urban services and women in low - income groups ( sumbi ) deals with women and social services and policies .
the exercise of constitutional rights may not be restricted , nor the dignity of the worker disregarded or demeaned , by any employment relationship .
( a ) those space activities that were or could be the subject of greater international cooperation , with particular emphasis on the needs of developing countries ;
furthermore , when the satellite is not over vegetated areas , its sensor system can contribute to other remote sensing tasks related to high temperature detection .
the committee consists of members from the national aerospace laboratory ( nal ) , isas , nasda , universities and major space - related companies .
among other things , these measurements will help to assess how much carbon dioxide transferred to the ocean from the atmosphere is being transformed into oceanic plant biomass .
women took part in " family kitchens " as health promoters , providers of basic education and beneficiaries of training activities and some production workshops .
the fund ' s resources consist mainly of government allocations , donations , and non - repayable contributions from foreign governments , foundations and international organizations .
commercial providers of remote sensing data are likely to press for the adoption of such approaches in attempts to reduce the cost of distributing and processing the data .
( l ) to preside over the national defence system , and organize , distribute and direct the use of the armed forces and the national police ;
from sio maser sources towards the galactic centre , the average rotation period of the galactic bulge was found to be 8 . 5 x 107 years .
21 . article 4 of the constitution provides that the community and the state shall give special protection to abandoned children , adolescents , mothers and elderly persons .
b . construction , repair , cleaning and painting of buildings if scaffolding is required and the work is done at an altitude exceeding ten metres .
built by esa and equipped with both european and united states instruments , ulysses will take direct measurements of many complex solar phenomena that cannot be observed remotely .
233 . the concept of indemnification covers both indemnification for work accidents and indemnification for unjustified dismissal .
( b ) satellite communications ( launch of msat , a programme for advanced satellite communications development , a programme for development of technologies for mobile communications ) ;
the exposed section will be attached to the exposed facility , and will be used for transporting and accommodating extravehicular experimental equipment and supplies .
the ionic composition of the solar wind , measured by ulysses , indicates that its source in the coronal gas measures just over a million degrees centigrade .
participants repeatedly emphasized that remote sensing and gis were valuable tools for resource managers and policy makers concerned with the preservation of the environment and national development plans .
nass continued to produce biweekly vegetative index map products based on noaa - 11 avhrr data during the 1994 crop season .
there has been a number of successful technical interchange meetings with the russians , and russia has begun delivery of items called for in the contract signed in june .
( b ) joint research with nasda on the aerodynamics , guidance and control , and structure of the h - ii orbiting plane ( hope ) ;
article 26 of the political charter stipulates that one of the principles to be respected in labour relations is that of equality of opportunity and freedom from discrimination .
the department of energy ( doe ) has developed a new model rtg with a more efficient fuel design called the general purpose heat source ( gphs ) .
in august , the first launch of united states research hardware aboard a russian progress rocket included an acceleration measurement system to support both united states and russian research programs .
approximately 80 studies were conducted on the effects produced by microgravity on astronauts , including back pain and changes in nerve conduction and in the cardiovascular system .
in may 1987 , a new telemetry centre was constructed at the top of mount ohkubo , 4 . 1 kilometres west of the launch site .
india is to serve as host to a centre for space science and technology education for the asia - pacific region , which is being established as a united nations initiative .
( g ) to address messages to congress at any time and on an obligatory basis , personally and in writing , when the first annual ordinary legislature begins its sitting ;
" clark " will help city planners and developers evaluate sites and construction needs through the use of an optical element with very high spatial resolution and capabilities for stereo imaging .
mercure , a satellite - based communications capability donated to the united nations environment programme ( unep ) by member states of esa , was discussed during the workshop .
remote sensing is not only used in preventive studies , but also in the monitoring of dynamic geological processes such as terrain deformation , neotectonic activities and flooding .
each centre is conceived as an institution that should offer the best possible education , research and applications programmes , opportunities and experience to the participants in all its programmes .
the bureau continued land cover inventories on reservations in new mexico and arizona with emphasis on modeling the potential burn rate of different vegetation types in response to fires .
discoveries have been made of new pulsating stars , including members of rare classes , and a new class of pulsating f - type star has been established .
267 . the number of women participating in politics provides no insurance , however , that such representation is linked to their demands and aspirations or the promotion of their rights .
results from the 1993 toga - coare field exercise in oceanography and long - term atmospheric effects will be presented in melbourne , australia , in april 1995 .
observations indicate that baryonic matter ( mass seen as stars and gas in all wavelengths ) makes up some 15 percent of the estimated total mass of the galaxy .
for example , the rates of illiteracy have dropped , school attendance rates are very similar to those of young men and women are acceding to higher education .
( c ) overall support for production : financing for productive activities , support for small and microenterprises , reforestation , small - scale fishing , etc .
in order to facilitate the implementation of space programmes , international cooperation between developed and developing countries , as well as among developing countries themselves , still needed to be improved .
the objects on the geostationary transfer orbits ( gto ) are increasing and are considered to be hazardous to future space activities because of their long orbital life .
the esem system consists of dust of space debris collectors ( dc ) and material sample holders ( msh ) for evaluation of the atomic oxygen effect in space .
they will be mounted on the top of the jfd experiment apparatus in the shuttle payload bay and will be exposed to the shuttle flight direction for 40 hours .
the sponsoring governments would also need to ensure that returning scholars remain employed , with appropriate levels of remuneration and benefits , for a minimum of 3 to 5 years .
in other words , equitable treatment of women and men , of residents of urban as well as of rural areas , irrespective of their socioeconomic condition .
the united nations and other international organizations could influence policies that would result in the development of telehealth , distance education systems and further networks where they were needed .
tdrs - 1 started relaying data operationally on december 6 , 1993 , during the shift from its former to its new location , a year from project start .
nasa planned to sponsor a series of multiyear grants to scientists to examine clementine ' s lunar data in expectation of discovering new insights about the moon ' s formation .
if the work is remunerated on a piecemeal basis , the official daily wage must be its equivalent ( article 28 of act no . 2851 ) .
coin - sized mirrors on the wide field and planetary camera 2 and corrective optics space telescope axial replacements units have since served as " contact lenses " for hst .
the applications utilize landsat tm satellite images and airborne multispectral scanner data and were field tested in the cripple creek mining district in central colorado .
the duos system is based on the optical intersatellite communications engineering test satellite , which is currently scheduled to be launched by the j - 1 in 1998 .
nasa installed a highly automated ground terminal , gro remote terminal system ( grts ) , at its deep space network location in australia to control tdrs - 1 .
171 . the food aid programme for mothers and children ( pami ) was carried out by agreement with the world food programme and the united nations development fund for women .
they constructed maps similar to those used by meteorologists showing the flow of plasma in the ionosphere and the characteristics of ions and electrons precipitating into the atmosphere .
211 . an additional benefit for working mothers , perhaps one of the most significant , is the nursery services provided for under articles 20 and 21 of act no . 2851 .
in 1993 , more than 50 , 000 cases of cholera and up to 73 , 000 cases of shizella dysentery were recorded in five southern african countries .
the following are among the lunar and planetary missions under discussion by isas : comet coma sample return mission ; mars rover mission ; and venus aerocapture / balloon mission .
at present , satellite data processed by the project and the resulting information products are sent to the contact points and a number of users in the sadc region using mail courier services .
matters relating to constitutional reform or approval of international treaties , organizational laws , the budget act and the general accounts of the republic act may not be delegated to the standing commission .
this performance contrasts with that of men , for whom the economic activity rates in all age groups are decreasing , with the largest reduction in those for men aged 45 and older .
272 . the participation of women in parliament did not , however , translate into any perceptible increase in the leadership posts held in the chambers by the women elected .
the workshops focus in particular on education , research and cooperation as prerequisites for the development of space science and technology capabilities at the national , regional and international levels .
the total or partial plundering of the flora and fauna and the serious effects of drug - trafficking on the environment place the self - defence of these communities at serious risk .
digital image processing , however , required access to related equipment ( e . g . a computer and large - format printer ) and software which might be lacking in some academic departments .
nurses are exposed to communicable diseases and toxic substances , in addition to the tension created by work overloads and by their responsibilities for the care of their patients .
( b ) subsequently , arrangements will be made for supporting the selected projects within the framework of an assistance programme currently being developed jointly by the office for outer space affairs and esa .
the members of the public prosecutor ' s department have the same rights and prerogatives and are subject to the same obligations as those of the judiciary in the relevant category .
adeos - ii will have two core sensors developed by nasda , namely the advanced microwave scanning radiometer ( amsr ) and the global imager ( gli ) .
stressing the importance of the arusha peace agreement to the peaceful resolution of the conflict in rwanda and the necessity for all parties to recommit themselves to its full implementation ,
in general , the multispectral and radar instruments exploited different regions of the electromagnetic spectrum , and could often yield complementary information useful for tackling a variety of national development problems .
ets - viii is undergoing research and development , with the focus on mobile satellite communications and satellite sound broadcasting using the technology of large deployable antennas operating in the s - band .
to develop outlines of recommendations that could be useful in disaster - related activities , the participants assigned themselves to one of the above groups according to their professional background . ii . summary of presentations
the department of meteorology of jordan conducts space activities through its two satellite stations , one of which is installed at the old airport , the other at the queen alia international airport .
its united nations disaster assessment and coordination ( undac ) teams , dispatched to a disaster site within hours , routinely carry messaging or phone / fax satcoms when assessing disasters .
therefore , vita has developed its own communications programmes , which includes leo satellites ( vitasat ) , terrestrial digital radio networks ( vitapac ) and electronic mail services ( vitanet ) .
their work demonstrated convincingly the appropriateness of general relativity as a theory of gravitation under extreme conditions and indirectly confirmed the existence of the gravitational radiation albert einstein had predicted .
storage and supply facilities ( for liquid hydrogen , liquid oxygen , helium and nitrogen ) and facilities to supply water and electricity are designed for common use by the complex and adjacent installations .
launch costs represent a large portion of total programme costs ( generally over 25 per cent ) and satellite mass and size must therefore be constrained to take full advantage of low - cost launch opportunities .
the discovery of helium in the constellation of cetus , which is 13 billion light years away , gives scientists valuable information about conditions at the time of the universe ' s initial evolution .
for parts and components sent into an orbit with a longer orbital lifetime , it is necessary to take measures to tether them with the main object in order not to produce more debris .
in the first international , interdisciplinary effort to discuss this issue broadly , 37 scientists from 10 countries met near the beginning of the fiscal year at a conference sponsored by doe and noaa .
under an interagency agreement between nasa and the nih , the two agencies established a center for three - dimensional tissue culture at the national institute of child health and human development .
the implementation of the above - mentioned activities may be affected by the decision of the general assembly on the organization of a third united nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space .
furthermore , russian cooperation has added greater capability to the international space station and further reduced united states costs , making the station an important aspect in the new and evolving relationship between the two countries .
yet a ceiling has been created for access to positions of power within traditional institutions : women have remained absent from the leadership of trade unions , political parties and other classical power structures . trade unions
a knowledge of cartographic concepts , including those relating to geodetic datum , reference ellipsoid , map projection and global positioning system was necessary to fully exploit that capability .
small satellites also offer excellent opportunities for training students , engineers and scientists in different disciplines , including engineering , software development for computers on board and on the ground and management of sophisticated technical programmes .
in the past decade , however , technological advances in materials and microelectronics , together with the experience gained , have allowed many significant space missions to be performed with small satellites .
for example , the first spanish microsatellite , upm / sat 1 , with a mass of 47 kg , has been designed and manufactured by the universidad politecnica de madrid .
178 . priority is given first to support for the organizations , then to rural development projects on production , output and income generation and projects devoted specifically to the cultural demands of women ' s groups .
as a result , the current deficit in the satisfaction of basic needs will tend to continue for a long time , although it may decrease by comparison with total production or the number of persons in need .
between 1962 , when the use of ksc began , and february 1994 , a total of 336 rockets ( 24 mu , 25 lambda , 119 kappa and 172 s and test rockets ) were launched .
share and amigo form part of the south african national antarctic research programme , which is carried out at sanae base in the antarctic in collaboration with other research institutions in south africa and other countries .
radarsat - i will use synthetic aperture radar ( sar ) to observe the earth , even in darkness and through clouds , providing data essential to a variety of applications for resource management and environmental monitoring .
221 . the amount of the daily maternity allowance is equivalent to the average daily insured remunerations for the final four calendar months preceding the month in which the maternity allowance is first paid .
the h - ii launch vehicle is capable of launching a satellite in the 2 - tonne class to geostationary orbit and a satellite of about 10 tonnes with supply materials to space station orbit .
an saao differential image motion monitor ( dimm ) to measure seeing has been commissioned and tested at sutherland , and compared with a european southern observatory dimm on the gamsberg in namibia .
if the upward wave causes a brightening in the area of the sun ' s surface , then there will be a correlated brightening where the wave resurfaces at a later time .
at the start of the pandemic , 20 cases of aids were recorded in men for each case in women , but today , 4 cases in men are recorded for each case in women .
there was a particularly strong effort during the late austral winter and early spring of 1994 to support the nasa - sponsored er - 2 aircraft flights from christchurch , new zealand , to study the ozone levels .
participants came from the following countries : egypt , ethiopia , kenya , nepal , nigeria , pakistan , senegal , sri lanka , swaziland , uganda , united republic of tanzania , viet nam and zimbabwe .
( c ) to recommend appropriate measures in response to violations of the embargo imposed by paragraph 13 above and provide information on a regular basis to the secretary - general for general distribution to member states ;
381 . in view of the poverty prevailing in peru , it is more appropriate to measure underemployment by income rather than by time on the job ( length of the working day ) .
necessarily , such a demonstration should involve african institutions and professionals who are knowledgeable of ground conditions and can attest to the usefulness and applicability of the radar data under their local conditions .
60 . article 7 . identification . " the birth certificate shall include the fingerprints of the mother and the footprints of the newborn , as well as other information appropriate to the nature of the document " .
of primary interest is the remote sensing of earth , so that precise stabilization is required both for observation and for a high data transmission rate to permit real - time or almost real - time reception of the pictures .
202 . as a special type of academic training on gender issues , the department of social sciences of the catholic university offers a degree in gender studies ( deg ) for professionals in a number of specialized fields .
230 . under the above - mentioned article 12 of this decree , all other occupations which , in the opinion of the executive , may be hazardous to health or public morals should be added to this list .
strongly condemning the ongoing violence in rwanda and particularly condemning the very numerous killings of civilians which have taken place in rwanda and the impunity with which armed individuals have been able to operate and continue operating therein ,
125 . the constitution also stipulates that the death penalty may be imposed only for the offence of treason in time of war and terrorism , in accordance with the laws and treaties to which peru is a party .
the scientific objective of the viking satellite was to study ionospheric and magnetospheric phenomena at high geomagnetic latitudes in the altitude region of up to about two earth radii .
scientists discovered this large - scale flow by comparing the motion of the local group with respect to clusters versus the motion with respect to the cosmic microwave background , which is assumed to be a " stationary " reference .
under this act , the government committed itself to funding a minimum of 65 per cent of the cost of the food provided by grass - roots organizations , including the canteens and " glass of milk " committees .
once a host country is identified for the centre in a given region , the process of inaugurating and establishing the centre , including its governing board , is set in motion by the host country itself .
also in june 1994 , the government announced that , following the successful conclusion of discussions with nasa , canada would remain a full partner in the context of the international space station project , albeit at a reduced cost .
the right to vote 269 . in the early 1980s , the new constitution mandated the right to vote for illiterates and legal majority and the right to vote were accorded as from 18 years of age .
in exchange , sunsat was increased to a height of 62 centimeters to fly laser reflectors and a nasa precision gps receiver for research in gravity recovery and atmospheric tomography as part of the nasa mission to planet earth .
observation posts in nine countries , each of them equipped with an inmarsat - a portable satellite communication system , report regularly on climate and soil conditions in real - time , complementing gis and remote sensing data .
coral ( 1994 ) stresses the greater sense of initiative and legitimacy acquired by displaced women when they transcend their traditional roles and become head of the family and / or interlocutors of state and societal institutions .
adolescents are the most vulnerable group for the consumption of psychotropic substances ; women tend to consume legalized drugs such as tobacco and alcohol and their consumption of tranquilizers is higher than that of men .
while that was a significant improvement regarding the use of satellite remote sensing as a tool for policy - and decision - making , ministries in many developing countries were still constrained by the lack of funds and of executive responsibility .
a booklet entitled " centres for space science and technology education - education curricula " , prepared by the office for outer space affairs of the united nations and currently under peer review , will be published in 1996 .
in the most difficult years of the conflict - from 1982 to 1984 - the number of primary school students diminished in absolute terms in the departments of ayacucho , apurimac and huancavelica .
under the united nations regular budget , a sum of $ 446 , 200 was approved by the general assembly at its fiftieth session for implementing the activities of the programme during the biennium 1996 - 1997 .
at the 17th and 18th meetings of the fourth committee of the general assembly , held in november 1995 , brazil and mexico informed the committee that they had both reached agreement on all aspects relating to the establishment of a centre .
an in - flight contrived experiment to use the communications transmitter for active , bistatic measurements produced supportive but not conclusive evidence for the existence of ice in the permanent shadows of craters near the lunar poles .
38 . according to data from the ninth population and fourth housing censuses , 4 , 921 , 020 persons stated they were born in a different locality from their place of residence at the time of the census .
the initial work showed that acoustic waves with frequencies of oscillation greater than a critical value predicted from the physical conditions in the solar atmosphere are not significantly reflected by the atmosphere , with less than 2 - percent reflection coefficient .
the symposium was hosted by the federal ministry for foreign affairs of austria and co - sponsored by the state of styria , the city of graz , the european space agency ( esa ) and the commission of the european communities .
thereafter , the end of the tether reentered the upper atmosphere and burned , while about 10 to 12 kilometers of its length remained attached to the rocket ' s second stage and continued orbiting until may 8 , 1994 .
however , an unfortunate trend might be seen in the data distribution plans of some commercial companies that intend to offer exclusive rights to the customers on a first - come , first - served basis , denying access to the images for late customers .
the campaign obtained important information on midocean storms and generation , propagation , and filtering of gravity waves in the mesosphere and stratosphere . this should lead to better parameterization of gravity waves in global circulation models .
additionally , this finding lends further weight to the scientists ' conception of chemical evolution in the universe ; scientists believe that hydrogen and helium evolved within three minutes after the big bang , while heavier elements such as oxygen and carbon came later .
in zimbabwe , the famine early warning system ( fews ) , a donor - supported programme , used the advanced very - high - resolution radiometer ( avhrr ) satellite system to produce crop assessments during the growing season .
observations made by topex / poseidon in the north pacific revealed a northward shift of the kuroshio , the swift current southeast of japan , which has been traced back to the el nino event of 1982 - 83 .
however , access to the data in digital format gave the user the added flexibility to carry out , at his or her convenience and as the need arose , local or global image enhancements or classifications appropriate for a range of applications .
the new satellite is the 50th that intelsat has launched ; 22 of these remain in operation providing customers such business services as international video , teleconferencing , facsimile , data , and telex .
a large number of women have more children than they consider to be ideal : this is the case for 46 per cent of women with four children , 41 per cent of those with five and 29 per cent of those with six .
the development of an autonomous basic research capability in scientific and technical disciplines , including space - related fields , should be a main goal as advocated in ongoing activities within the united nations , most notably through the office for outer space affairs .
11 . demands that all parties in rwanda strictly respect the persons and premises of the united nations and other organizations serving in rwanda , and refrain from any acts of intimidation or violence against personnel engaged in humanitarian and peace - keeping work ;
jem is designed to be attached to the core of the space station , on which it will depend for meeting such needs as electric power , heat dissipation , living quarters for on - board engineers , air and communications .
an advanced system of l - and s - band satellite mobile communications will be developed to provide ka - band and millimetre - wave satellite mobile communications systems with demodulator / modulator on - board satellite switches .
302 . in 1985 , feminists made an incursion into politics with the participation of two women in presidential elections as " independents " with the united leftist front ( frente izquierdas unidas ) .
a satellite health network has been proposed for western africa by a non - profit agency in the united states , volunteers in technology assistance , using a constellation of small leo communication satellites to link regional medical centres with village clinics and mobile health teams .
98 . within 30 days of taking office , the president of the council must go before congress , together with the other ministers , to explain and discuss the general policy of the government and the principal measures required for the implementation of this policy .
the agencies of the usgcrp made significant progress during the year in improving coordination in education and outreach , including development of teacher training materials , provision of fellowships in environmental research , and contributions to new national standards for the teaching of science .
the first group at the university of southampton in hampshire are building upon their reputation as a centre of excellence for astrodynamics studies to find novel and efficient methods for characterizing the collision hazard that a breakup could pose for satellite systems .
the international community , through such bodies as the united nations , promoted the adoption of a series of instruments and political commitments as a way of advancing the discussion relating to the protection of women against discrimination , violence and the violation of their rights .
434 . during menopause , in addition to the symptoms and signals derived from hormonal deprivation , depression , anxiety , irritability and sleep disturbances are also common , as are symptoms of hypochondria .
80 . the constitution ' s first provisions relate to the fundamental rights of the individual , its first article stipulating : " the defence of the individual and respect for his dignity constitute the supreme purpose of society and the state . "
the japanese experimental module flight demonstration ( jfd ) is planned on board the space shuttle as a verification test of the manipulator system for the japanese experimental module ( jem ) of the international space station alpha ( issa ) .
during fy 1994 , it used aerial photographs and multispectral data from the landsat tm and spot to map irrigated lands , riparian vegetation , and open water at a number of locations in the western united states .
the thailand ground receiving station currently has the capability to receive data from a variety of satellites , including landsat , spot , ers - 1 sar imagery , and mos , jers and noaa advanced very high resolution radiometer data .
it should be emphasized that the overall mission of the centres is to assist participating countries in developing and enhancing the knowledge and skills of their people in relevant aspects of space science and technology , so that returning scholars can effectively contribute to national development programmes .
in aloha - 93 , a sodium lidar , optical imager , and spectrometer gathered data from an aircraft , the flights being coordinated with selective overpasses of nasa ' s uars ( launched in 1991 ) .
the use of contraceptives is most common among women with a higher education or those residing in metropolitan lima , while it is women without formal education or those in rural areas who are recorded as using contraceptives with the least frequency .
although the tropospheric ch4 concentration is a small fraction ( 5 percent ) of that of co2 , ch4 accounts for about 12 percent of the global temperature rise , due to strong absorption in a relatively transparent part of the infrared .
252 . anyone who promotes or facilitates another person ' s travel to or from the country or movement within the republic for the purpose of engaging in prostitution is subjected to a custodial sentence for a minimum of five and a maximum of ten years .
the threat to a satellite constellation from the breakup of one of the satellite elements , s . p . barrows , g . g . swinerd and r . crowther , " the cascade fragmentation of a satellite constellation " . adv .
the satellite systems that had been used included ers - 1 and ers - 2 , the japanese earth resources satellite ( jers - 1 ) , landsat , the shuttle imaging radar ( sir - c ) and the experimental earth observation system ( spot ) .
among the potential beneficiaries of such programmes are women with family responsibilities , i . e . all women who , irrespective of their age or civil status , have family responsibilities and are prepared to do part - time or short - term work .
325 . the peruvian delegation to the recent international conference on population and development at cairo was headed by the vice - minister for justice , a woman , who has recently been elected vice - chairman of the inter - american commission of women of the organization of american states .
this includes the preparation of national disaster emergency and contingency plans , establishment of pools of expertise and equipment for such purposes , inclusion of emergency telecommunications systems in national development plans and revision of national regulatory policies to allow effective deployment of telecommunications in disasters and emergencies .
47 . the programme ' s implementation is of special importance in so far as it will improve the status and protection of women by coordinating the treatment currently given to women not only in the legislative and political arenas but also in the implementation and effective development of programmes to benefit women .
369 . article 24 of the same instrument states the following about remuneration : " the worker shall have the right to equitable and appropriate remuneration such as to ensure his or her material and spiritual well - being and that of his or her family .
meanwhile , development continued on the eosdis , the means by which information from mtpe observations and analysis will be archived and made available to researchers and other worldwide users ; nasa modified its planning for eosdis architecture , making it more extensible and accessible .
in this regard , more detailed proposals than those elaborated during the course will be solicited from the participants in order to evaluate properly the relative merits of the various proposals and to facilitate the selection , on a competitive basis , of a number of projects worthy of support ;
csa , in collaboration with the united states national aeronautics and space administration ( nasa ) and the centre national d ' etudes spatiales ( cnes ) ( the french national centre for space studies ) , has recently made important discoveries with the wind imaging interferometer ( windii ) .
the two astronomers used the joint german - united states - u . k . x - ray satellite roentgen satellite ( rosat ) , launched in june 1990 , to observe an x - ray - bright elliptical galaxy , ngc 507 , some 300 million light years from earth .
( c ) enforcement of the penalty of dismissal in the case of members of the supreme court and senior government procurators and , at the request of the supreme court or the board of senior government procurators , judges and procurators at all instances ;
301 . feminist groups initially concentrated their in the areas of sexuality and feminist self - awareness . they subsequently opened up their activities to address grass - roots organization for women , women ' s lack of legal recourse against violence , women ' s health , child care , etc .
at its session held in 1995 , the council of the international telecommunication union ( itu ) approved the application of apscc for membership and added apscc to its list of international organizations ( itu " notification no . 1332 " , dated 10 july 1995 ) .
( b ) 1987 - 1989 : terrorist violence increased in response to anti - terrorist activity by the military , the first attempts at popular resistance with the formation of the self - defence " peasant patrols " and the successful initiative of self - managed grass - roots organizations opposed to violence ;
additional geodetic and climatological information is generated from the former , which leads to the availability of some important climatic change indicators , such as anomalies in ocean topography ( e . g . el nino and la nina ) or in ice melting ( e . g . antarctic caps ) .
landsat , spot , and avhrr satellite data plus aerial photographs supported ecosystem - based management of mineral resources ; land - use planning ; fire fuels mapping ; characterization of wildlife habitat ; and delineation of hazardous materials and their impacts at a number of sites on public lands throughout the united states .
90 . there are currently 13 ministries : foreign affairs ; the interior ; justice ; defence ; fisheries ; agriculture ; economy and finance ; education ; health ; labour and social advancement ; energy and mines ; transport , communications , housing and construction ; industry , tourism , integration and collective international negotiations .
observations of gas clouds associated with the high - redshift quasar pc 1643 + 4631a using the 42 and 12 - meter radio telescopes at the national radio astronomy observatory ( nrao - - kitt peak , arizona ) have revealed the presence of carbon monoxide emission .
the eros data center was also planning to archive and distribute other data sets through its land processes daac , including data from the advanced very high resolution radiometer ( avhrr ) on noaa ' s polar - orbiting satellites , digital aircraft scanner data , digital topography , and associated ancillary data .
412 . to study maternal undernutrition , one must first go back to infancy , when both boys and girls frequently show signs of chronic undernutrition : 36 . 5 per cent nationwide , 53 . 7 per cent in the inca region and 50 . 6 per cent in the libertadores wari region .
held in 1990 , 1992 and 1993 in order to assist in adjusting the scope of an activity organized by the programme and to determine whether a particular activity is geared towards the development of capabilities in a given country , the office of outer space affairs seeks the views of those who have participated in the activities of the programme .
on the technological side , the large - format platinum - silicon infrared camera ( the outcome of collaboration between saao and japan ) was improved , the optical charge - coupled device ( ccd ) was developed further , and a highly successful ccd autoguider was commissioned on the 1 . 9 metre telescope .
knowledge of radar image interpretation is becoming increasingly important because of the growing number of operational and planned radar satellites ( e . g . ers - 1 , ers - 2 , jers - 1 , radarsat ) and the attendant increasing use of spaceborne radar as a tool to monitor tropical regions .
cooperative projects conducted in 1995 include : the regional remote sensing ers - 1 project of the european communities and asean ; the globesar project ; the global research network system project ; joint research on enhancement of remote sensing technology in tropical environment monitoring ; joint research on the changes of tropical forest and their influence ; and the asian jers - 1 project .
in light of the results of the course evaluation indicating strong interest by participants in having greater exposure to digital image - processing techniques , the office for outer space affairs proposed to examine the possibility of organizing , through sida , a more advanced course for remote sensing educators , during which operational computer techniques in the application of remotely sensed data would be emphasized .
in a separate project using lower - resolution satellite data , since 1992 the usgs has been working with nasa , noaa , esa , and more than 31 foreign ground receiving stations to collect avhrr data ( 1 - km resolution ) for each afternoon pass of the noaa polar - orbiting satellite over the earth ' s land surface .
peru has indicated to the international community that , while the international community is examining the problem from a global standpoint and deciding which legal and political criteria the multilateral organizations will adopt in order to avert the problem , it is essential to begin emergency action in support of national efforts to prevent these internal migratory movements from becoming refugee flows .
in order to minimize the creation of space debris , the canadian radarsat programme has established a system - level requirement that any solid debris resulting from the operation of a restraint / release mechanism must be contained ; that is , all contractors are required to design systems in which no debris is released by the spacecraft during its deployment in orbit .
additionally , noaa / nesdis ' s office of satellite data products and distribution forged a partnership with nasa for the development and joint funding of a united states ground system to support real - time collection of high - priority scatterometer and ocean color data from the japanese advanced earth observing satellite , scheduled for launch in 1996 .
419 . lower figures were recorded for women without formal education ( 11 . 5 per cent ) and for those living in the sierra region ( 12 . 3 per cent ) and in rural areas ( 14 . 4 per cent ) , who are precisely those women with less access to professional care at the time of childbirth .
during the 90 days preceding and following parturition , the employer is obliged to pay the above - mentioned maternity allowance , which is due as from 45 days preceding the birth and must continue to be paid for 45 days after the birth , providing that the recipient refrains from all remunerated work ( article 28 of decree - law no . 22482 ) .
remote sensing as a business is based on the reception , processing and distribution of resource data from the polar orbiting satellites of the national oceanic and atmospheric administration ( noaa ) , the landsat thematic mapper sensor , the french spot series ( panchromatic and multispectral data ) and the sar sensors of esa ers - 1 and ers - 2 .
170 . in this regard , legislative decree no . 052 ( public prosecutor ' s department organization act ) , promulgated on 16 march 1981 , stipulates in its article 1 that " the public prosecutor ' s department is an autonomous state agency whose principal function is to defend legality , the rights of citizens and the public interest . . . " .
45 . in these circumstances , women have played a more leading role , partly by preserving the family , which has been deeply affected in a number of ways , ranging from the disappearance of familiar surroundings and disintegration , to the death of family members and the ceaseless exposure to high ~ risk situations , and partly by entering the production sector , helping to organize the community for self - defence , etc .
since the entire country is located in the tropical zone , its climate should be hot and humid ; however , the existence of various geographical accidents and features - the andes , high - pressure movement of air masses from the south pacific , humboldt current , etc . - makes the peruvian territory geographically complex , not only from a climatic standpoint , but also from the morphological , geological , ecological and economic standpoints .
these cities ( departmental and provincial capitals ) have achieved accelerated growth through migration from the countryside and expectations of finding greater advantages in medium - sized and small cities because of the emergence and vitality of the local and regional markets that make up urban systems in several areas of the country , such as the southern andean region ( cusco , sicuani , juliaca , puno ) , which is linked to a market extending into bolivia , the northern coast ( piura , sullana , tumbes ) , the southern coast ( arequipa , moquegua , ilo , tacna ) , and the jungle region ( pucallpa , tarapoto , moyobamba ) .
the working group of the whole to evaluate the implementation of the recommendations of the second united nations conference on the exploration and peaceful uses of outer space ( unispace 82 ) , at its eighth session ( a / ac . 105 / 571 , annex ii , para . 17 ) , proposed that several studies on space applications should be undertaken by the office for outer space affairs in view of the recommendations adopted at the workshops , seminars , symposia and conferences organized by the united nations programme on space applications .
77 . the central objective is the eradication of domestic violence , both physical and psychological , through a number of initiatives : educational and consciousness - raising campaigns ; introduction of effective legal mechanisms for victims and treatment for aggressors ; establishment and reinforcement of police commissioner ' s offices for women ( comisarias de mujeres ) ; institution at municipal level of temporary shelters ; training of members of the police force , prosecutors and judges and investigation of the causes of domestic violence .
