So what's it like to be a baby? 
But in 2007, two remarkable individuals, Shinya Yamanaka of Japan and Jamie Thomson of the United States, made an astounding discovery. 
The spirit of these labs, it's open, it's positive, but, you know, sometimes when people think of us, the first thing that comes to mind is bio-safety, bio-security, all the dark side stuff. 
So, this is the building. 
There are hundreds of student innovators with fantastic projects. 
This is me building a prototype for six hours straight. 
For 900 points, I'd agree to go out on a date, and I wouldn't even consider any kind of relationship before somebody had crossed the 1,500 point threshold. 
So, our cell phones can now build a place history. 
The second thing remarkable about the Tarahumara is, deep into old age -- 70 to 80 years old -- these guys aren't running marathons; they're running mega-marathons. 
I was pretty fast, but I was not fluid at all. 
Do you know what the size of life in this necktie will be? 
In order to create, we have to stand in that space between what we see in the world and what we hope for, looking squarely at rejection, at heartbreak, at war, at death. 
It's as lavish and intricate as it is simple and minimal. 
Isn't that interesting. 
It hasn't yet been launched. It's called Duolingo. 
And it's beginning to tell us a lot about evolution. 
One is a low estimate, and one is a high estimate. 
Since there was nothing there, you might as well not look. 
So we used the pins of the display to represent people's hands, allowing them to actually touch and manipulate objects at a distance. 
It can hover, fly backwards, even upside down. 
Like the Rockefeller Center model, which is kind of from another era. 
And I was happy to see that at the party last night that he was still saying, very forcibly, "It's really important to have a lot of data." 
This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written by these people -- these elitists, if you will. 
"Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history." 
He is just going to use his hand, his body and his voice, just like humans interact with their hands, body and voice. 
Agnes de Mille is one of the great choreographers in our history. 
Nobody really knows what the Internet is right now because it's different than it was an hour ago. 
There's hundreds, up to a 1,000 or 1,200 miles of dunes. 
Finally, at the very end in 1964, NASA steps in and says, "OK, we'll support a feasibility study for a small version that could be launched with Saturn Vs in sections and pieced together." 
Rather, it could be much more like this. 
You can ask expensive escorts in New York City, brothel workers in Cambodia, street workers in South Africa and every girl on the roster at my old job in Soho, and they will all tell you the same thing. 
This is the really secret stuff: how to get directed energy explosions. 
They took up the challenge, and Korea was able to double the proportion of students achieving excellence in one decade in the field of reading. 
This is a spectacular coral garden. 
So I want you to imagine that these nine biscuits that I found in the bin represent the global food supply, okay? We start out with nine. 
And so this woman, Mrs. Young-Soon Han, I suppose will have taught me the most that I have learned about race. 
These were the first cloned calves, the first cloned grey wolves, and then, finally, the first cloned piglets: Alexis, Chista, Carrel, Janie and Dotcom. 
And that was amazing, to be able to know that we had empowered that, and that blogging was something that she felt comfortable doing, and the idea that blogging doesn't have to be scary, that we don't always have to be attack of the blogs, that we can be people who are open, and wanting to help and talk to people. 
I love being a police officer because it's always been a calling for me and never a job. 
And around eight o'clock he sort of sneaks away from his oven, cleans his hands from the flour and calls his wife. 
We see this general bagginess of the structure, the lack of concern with rules and the way that we're used to learning on the blackboard, and so we think that something has gone wrong. 
This is one very large crater. Geologists love craters, because craters are like digging a big hole in the ground without really working at it, and you can see what's below the surface. 
Another aspect of contemporary design that I think is mind-opening, promising and will really be the future of design, is the idea of collective design. 
I had one arm in plaster, one arm tied down by drips. 
Maybe two brains of a similar size can actually be made of very different numbers of neurons. 
So in planning to be a professional naturalist -- I never considered anything else in my entire life -- I found that I was lousy at bird watching and couldn't track frog calls either. 
Some pretty radical technology, a radical approach --but it worked perfectly. 
But if you're a virus and you see this, you cross those little legs of yours and you think, "We rock." 
But this technology could not find tumors when they're small, and finding a small tumor is critical for survival. 
What can managers do -- enlightened managers, hopefully -- what can they do to make the office a better place for people to work, so it's not the last resort, but it's the first resort, so that people start to say, "When I really want to get stuff done, I go to the office." 
Or, are we going to condemn them to some century-long struggle, as if this was still revolutionary France and the best method was coitus interruptus? 
So another one that comes up is "Computers dumb math down." 
but a whopping 68 percent is for the purpose of creating the goods and delivering the services that most of us rely on every day, in sectors like agricultural work, domestic work and construction. 
And here's what started coming into very clear focus for me. 
but I was getting younger than everybody else? 
So a firefly vampire, brought to you by natural selection. 
That's more than the emissions from all electricity and industry, or from all the world's planes, trains and automobiles. 
Ten years ago, there was a skier in Norway that was trapped in an icy waterfall, and she was there for two hours before they extracted her. 
First one is the political system. 
Okay. Left to right? 
What do I need? I need a lot of circles. 
The third child doesn't really come back. 
As the fire department worked to remove her from the car, I climbed in to begin to render care. 
This simple idea has far reaching implications. 
It shortens their lifespan, it reduces their ability to fly, it can even kill them before they're even adults. 
Up here we have a parachute. This was all about safety. 
And this is one of the things that we are looking for everywhere. 
Every sound the child hears uncorrected is muffled. 
But what happened was that he had to be on medication that, at that time -- Diflucan, which in the States is used for yeast infections -- cost 30 dollars a pill. 
And as long as we can solve the problems of automobiles, and I believe we can, with fuel cells or hydrogen, like BMW is really hip on, and lots of other things, then I think we can look past that and try and understand why this hook is in many of us -- of this car-y-ness -- and what that means, what we can learn from it. 
I'm also concerned about the plastic in the refrigerator, and I'm concerned about the plastic and the toxins that leach from plastic into us and into our bodies. 
OK. Those climbers were up near the summit, along that summit ridge that you see up there, and I was down here in Camp Three. 
It's insane. And they have these systems where you can level-up. 
We go into the Cold War, and we continue to try and build walls. 
You know that everybody thinks they should be eating more, and more, and more. 
That can be sent out wirelessly to the bionic limb, then [sensory information] on the bionic limb can be converted to stimulations in adjacent channels, sensory channels. 
And we installed networks there to allow basic communication, because I think, I believe, it's not only that we have to speak about the refugees, I think we need to start talking to them. 
Adaptations all get buried under the stucco. 
For every X you sell, you get Y, or services of Z. 
And as Michelangelo proved in his painting, hardship, setbacks and obstacles, they don't limit excellence, they forge it. 
None of these things is likely, but my, my philosophy is, look for what's detectable, not for what's probable. 
I learned that my mom had a right to own property. 
What this demonstrates, I think, is how impressionable and vulnerable we are in the face of a story, particularly as children. 
But today, we need to bring people and their communities back into the heart of the way we design new systems and new services, in an approach that I call "Relational Welfare." 
It's like you're in the jaws of some enormous dog and there's a foot in the small of your back pushing you into space, accelerating wildly straight up, shouldering your way through the air, and you're in a very complex place -- paying attention, watching the vehicle go through each one of its wickets with a steadily increasing smile on your face. 
 Also, the person to your left is a liar. 
And it's vice versa, and it helps stop problems of misunderstanding and stereotypes from happening. 
It's really an island continent. 
IM: Yeah, it is, exactly. 
They did that in the summer, and it was very warm. 
And it's in that spirit that I want to introduce you to one last friend, very quickly. 
Tough thing to do. 
He's a 17-year-old. 
I wanted to put these people on a pedestal. 
And you see someone at CVS or -- not CVS -- at Christian Dior or something, and then ... 
And that's not true. Don't let anybody tell you that we knew this already, because we did not know this already. 
But then there's that moment when the drill first punctures through the other side of the wall, and right at that moment the wall can't push back anymore. 
What we did was we found what were the locally available sources of biomass. 
We don't know what the atmospheres of these planets are like because the planets are so small and dim compared to their stars and so far away from us. 
And then, for instance, this other exhibition that was entitled Workspheres in 2001, where I asked different designers to come up with ideas for the new type of work styles that were happening in the world at that time. 
They listen to his metaphors and analogies, and they start learning these little things that if they practice enough becomes the key to magic. 
