Sources: Reports of the Special Committee against Apartheid, the United Nations Council for Namibia and the Ad Hoc Working Group of Experts on southern Africa; information received from non-governmental organizations.	0
And the man said, "He's come down a long way, hasn't he?" 	1
In its 1994 report, the Ad Hoc Working Group of Experts stated that in 1993, a large number of magisterial districts had been declared “unrest areas”, thus creating a situation analogous to that under the declaration of an emergency (E/CN.4/1994/15, paras. 44 and 136).	0
Be a green consumer. You have choices with everything you buy, between things that have a harsh effect, or a much less harsh effect on the global climate crisis. 	1
(b) One session of five weeks with one week of two meetings each working day and four weeks of one meeting each working day (Note: the total number of meetings would be 30);	0
So the rains come -- they go down the rivers and the flooding happens. 	1
II. PROPOSALS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 44 — 47 10	0
It has no nutritional value, so they don't feed it to the animals. 	1
2. During the 1970s, non—governmental organizations, human rights advocates and legal experts and, in some countries, the democratic opposition — when able to state its views — mobilized to argue for an amnesty for political prisoners.	0
And conveniently, one of my students was from Ghana, and he remembered a dish his mom used to make for him called "kokonte," which is a very sticky porridge made out of the cassava root. 	1
What we did was we found what were the locally available sources of biomass. 	1
But this is one of the incredibly rare situations where you also have economic benefits. 	1
26. This implies that any victim can assert his rights and receive a fair and effective remedy, including seeing that his oppressor stands trial and obtaining reparations.	0
And we need to think about how we can do that effectively. 	1
These measures are of a preventive, not punitive, character and must be taken by administrative decision, giving the official the opportunity to seek effective remedy.	0
47. Annexed to this final, revised and expanded report is the revised text of the set of principles as requested by the Sub—Commission in its decision 1996/119.	0
Our educational systems are inherited from the 19th century. 	1
B. Distribution of jurisdiction between national, foreign and international courts	0
Then, tens of thousands of people were trained in terrorism -- from all sides. 	1
Principle 35: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges	0
Afghans have become deeply internationalist. 	1
Principle 39: Scope of the right to reparation	0
And everybody was telling me it was a different world. 	1
Principle 49: Implementation of administrative measures	0
The U.S. and Europe should give us a zero percent tariff. 	1
PRINCIPLE 7. DEFINITION OF THE COMMISSIONS' TERMS OF REFERENCE	0
And that is, instinctively we've gone out and climbed over difficult places, went to more hostile places, and found out later, maybe to our surprise, that that's the reason we survived. 	1
The recommendations shall, in addition, set out legislative or other measures to put these principles into effect and to prevent any further violations.	0
You notice here's a big jump when I was a little kid -- and I think that had something to do with giving me the courage to go out and try something that other people weren't having the courage to try. 	1
PRINCIPLE 26. SCOPE OF RESTRICTIVE MEASURES	0
But what happened, the fact that we had this big industry, big development, big improvement and capability and so on, and they get out there in enough homes -- we were ripe for a new invention. 	1
Under article 1, paragraph 2, of the Declaration on Territorial Asylum, adopted by the General Assembly on 14 December 1967, and article 1 F of the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951, States may not extend such protective status, including diplomatic asylum, to persons with respect to whom there are serious reasons to believe that they have committed a serious crime under international law.	0
The military fighters had a -- highest-performance military airplane was the SR71. It went a whole life cycle, got too rusty to fly, and was taken out of service. The Concorde doubled the speed for airline travel. 	1
Conversely, judges unlawfully appointed or who derive their judicial power from an act of allegiance may be relieved of their functions in accordance with the principle of parallelism.	0
And as long as we can solve the problems of automobiles, and I believe we can, with fuel cells or hydrogen, like BMW is really hip on, and lots of other things, then I think we can look past that and try and understand why this hook is in many of us -- of this car-y-ness -- and what that means, what we can learn from it. 	1
And this idea that there is more to love, more to design, when it gets down to your neighbor, your other, it can be physical like this, and maybe in the future it will be. 	1
7. For a better understanding of the final stage of the study, this report needs to be seen in the context of the Sub—Commission's work as a whole.	0
And I'm telling myself, "This is going to be a great car, they're doing research that I've never even thought about before." 	1
Presentation by Mr. Joinet, in his capacity as Special Rapporteur on amnesty, of a final report entitled “Study on amnesty laws and their role in the safeguard and promotion of human rights” (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1985/16/Rev.1).	0
And -- at least they told me it was her house, I guess it was at one time, she had a party there or something. 	1
In its decision 1991/110, the Sub—Commission asked two of its members, Mr. El Hadji Guissé and Mr. Louis Joinet, to draft a working paper on the guidelines that a study on impunity might follow.	0
And one of the young women in the project, she was a fantastic lady, she actually built her room in the bathroom. 	1
20. Experience shows that care must be taken not to allow such commissions to be diverted from their purpose and to furnish a pretext for not going before the courts.	0
You can probably remember Tiburon, it used to look like this. 	1
(d) Publicity for the commissions' reports	0
This cannot be. This cannot be that I'm expecting a certain number of sketches, and to me that's my quantification method for qualifying a team. 	1
So in the last decade, a large number of genomes have been added: most human pathogens, a couple of plants, several insects and several mammals, including the human genome. 	1
It must have no legal effect on any proceedings brought by victims relating to the right to reparation.	0
It's very tough duty; we're doing this on a sailing vessel, in part to help excite young people about going into science. 	1
And if they insert in the middle of the gene, they disrupt its function. 	1
These should be administrative measures, of a preventive, not punitive, character, duly safeguarding the officials' rights.	0
And we got these overlapping circles. And we found only 173 genes common to all 13 organisms. 	1
Principle 5: Role of the extrajudicial commissions of inquiry	0
Principle 12: Publicizing the commissions' reports	0
We're also combining cellulases, the enzymes that break down complex sugars into simple sugars and fermentation in the same cell for producing ethanol. 	1
Principle 32: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges	0
With your fading strength, you call 9-1-1 and you pray for a trained MD. But you get me. 	1
B. Guarantees of non—recurrence of violations	0
So, I've always been a technology nut, and I absolutely love it. 	1
Convinced, therefore, that national and international measures must be taken for that purpose with a view to securing jointly, in the interests of the victims of human rights violations, observance of the right to know and, by implication, the right to the truth, the right to justice and the right to reparation, without which there can be no effective remedy against the pernicious effects of impunity,	0
This is what the computer interface used to look like, DOS. 	1
If judicial institutions are wanting in that respect, priority should initially be given to establishing extrajudicial commissions of inquiry and to ensuring the preservation of, and access to, the archives concerned.	0
And the technician said, "Well, ma'am, what do you mean your mouse is squeaking?" 	1
PRINCIPLE 17. SPECIFIC MEASURES RELATED TO THE RESTORATION OF OR TRANSITION TO DEMOCRACY AND/OR PEACE	0
Extradition should always be denied, however, especially by abolitionist countries, if the individual concerned risks the death penalty in the requesting country.	0
 So, the signs might indicate that the complexity crunch is only going to get worse. 	1
The fact that, once the period of persecution is over, a perpetrator discloses the violations that he or others have committed in order to benefit from the favourable provisions of legislation on repentance cannot exempt him or her from criminal or other responsibility.	0
Conversely, judges unlawfully appointed or who derive their judicial power from an act of allegiance may be relieved of their functions by law in accordance with the principle of parallelism.	0
And the truth is, for years I was a little depressed, because Americans obviously did not value it, because the Mac had three percent market share, Windows had 95 percent market share -- people did not think it was worth putting a price on it. 	1
B. Guarantees of non-recurrence of violations PRINCIPLE 37.	0
What I do is, I take out the memory card, and I fold it in half, revealing USB contacts. 	1
(b) Thoroughly investigate intelligence and security services with a view to redirecting their activities;	0
Here we go. Whoa! It's magnetic -- it doesn't pull the laptop onto the floor. 	1
  And conversely, if somebody sends me hate mail -- which happens daily -- I say, "Piss off." 	1
(b) Suspended altogether pending his or her confirmation or appointment to another post;	0
And if you're among the people who create this stuff: Easy is hard. 	1
There's a new place in New York where the crowds are thickest -- Ground Zero. 	1
JA: So many, in fact, that seeing has become a bit of a problem. 	1
Report of the sessional working group on the administration of justice and the question of compensation on its 1996 session (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/16).	0
How did the shock that all of us -- and especially all of us in New York -- felt on the 11th of September transmute into your desire to do this thing? 	1
Article 9 (4) states: 'Anyone who is deprived of his liberty by arrest or detention shall be entitled to take proceedings before a court, in order that the court may decide without delay on the lawfulness of his detention and order his release if the detention is not lawful.'	0
KA: But then you've got to figure out a way -- we will skip over the insanely tedious process of getting permits and getting everybody on board -- but simply funding this thing. 	1
'Each State Party to the present Covenant undertakes:	0
It looks like a fairly simple thing, but this was a half a million dollar project? 	1
“It has been more than 15 years since the Human Rights Committee issued its general comment on article 4 of the Covenant.	0
26. Finally, Mr. Joinet said that priority should be given to measures for encouraging prevention of the crime of genocide, by defining two areas: repressive measures and incentives designed to combat incitement to and provocation of genocide and the role of a working group on prevention of genocide.	0
And I convinced him that we should leave the room with the agreement to build it as designed. 	1
She did not advise revising this mechanism, but she did suggest an additional protocol to the Convention which would expand the definition of the crime of genocide.	0
Making too many changes in order to improve it would, on the contrary, be liable to hamper any positive progress in combating genocide.	0
And it allows -- by sort of the procession of the movement, up by Saint Paul's and down the other side -- it gives you about 300 feet to go up 13 feet from the ground to where you get the 360 degree view. 	1
She pointed out the main elements of the nature of the juvenile offender and of juvenile justice, following the provisions contained in the relevant international instruments.	0
This is clearly not a work for the ages. 	1
He found the concept of the study very useful.	0
They pointed out that, I believe it was between 30 and 50 years from today, they will be steering cars by wire, without all that mechanical stuff. 	1
He stressed the need precisely to define the purpose of the study.	0
That's pretty good, but why not get rid of the wires? 	1
59. Mr. Chernichenko pointed out that he had been requested by the Sub—Commission to prepare an expanded working paper.	0
So the car was the clean environmental alternative to a horse and buggy. 	1
5. The following articles of the Universal Declaration throw light on the question of "related issues":	0
Because technically I've got motors; I've got wheels -- I'm a motor vehicle. 	1
Or maybe we should be out in the street in front of a Greyhound bus or a vehicle. 	1
So I get off, and she gets on, and with a little bit of the usual, ah, then she turns around, and she goes about 20 feet, and she turns back around, and she's all smiles. 	1
Thus, for example, article 44 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations states: "The receiving State must, even in case of armed conflict, grant facilities in order to enable persons enjoying privileges and immunities, other than nationals of the receiving State, and members of the families of such persons, irrespective of their nationality, to leave at the earliest possible moment.	0
We don't need sophisticated heart transplants around the world. 	1
This was particularly true as regards the right of a national to return to his country, which had thus been informally recognized by 16 additional countries.	0
And I propose to bring into this TED conference, as I always do around the world, the voice of the animal kingdom. 	1
He also selectively considered the laws and administrative regulations of certain countries in relation to this matter.	0
Because the chimps have a very promiscuous mating society. 	1
In many countries, the right to freedom of movement has effectively been replaced by an enforced lack of freedom to move or flee.	0
They have a sense of humor, and these are the kind of things which traditionally have been thought of as human prerogatives. 	1
30. Thus, in the countries of Eastern Europe, migrants are divided into internal and external.	0
Once we're prepared to admit that after all, we're not the only beings with personalities, minds and above all feelings, and then we start to think about ways we use and abuse so many other sentient, sapient creatures on this planet, it really gives cause for deep shame, at least for me. 	1
In 1996, a refrigerator truck transporting Chinese nationals was stopped at the State frontier between Ukraine and Slovakia.	0
And the air is harming them, and the food that's grown from the contaminated land is poisoning them. 	1
If we are unable to leave the country, we go back to jail and nobody can get us out.	0
Then, you see, it is a message of hope. 	1
I. INTERNATIONAL COVENANTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS	0
And something about it just kind of drew me towards it. 	1
A report on the mission is to be submitted to the Committee at its seventeenth session.	0
So I presented those results at the International Science Fair, which was just one of the most amazing experiences of my life. 	1
10. The Committee's report on its fourteenth and fifteenth sessions (E/1997/22—E/C.12/1996/6) will be submitted to the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997 in July.	0
And I stumbled across something called "cancer stem cells." 	1
14. A report on the Committee's fifty-fifth to fifty-seventh sessions was submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session (A/51/40) and a report on its fifty-eighth to sixtieth sessions will be submitted to the General Assembly following the Committee's sixtieth session in July 1997.	0
Under its early—warning and urgent procedures, the Committee adopted three decisions and one resolution at its forty-ninth session.	0
It hasn't yet become fine-tuned enough to finish what has been initiated. 	1
It also continued in closed meeting its activities under articles 20 (inquiries) and 22 (individual communications) of the Convention.	0
So, I looked further into it, found as many articles as I could, and it was amazing -- because it turned out that it was very rare. 	1
During its two sessions, the Committee took one decision declaring a communication inadmissible and adopted six Views under article 22 of the Convention.	0
Some articles even went as far as to say that skeletal muscle tissue is resistant to cancer, and furthermore, not only to cancer, but of metastases going to skeletal muscle. 	1
25. As of 1 June 1997, the Convention on the Rights of the Child had been ratified or acceded to by 190 States.	0
So the fact that not only did cancer not seem to originate in skeletal muscles, but cancer didn't seem to go to skeletal muscle -- So these articles were saying, you know, "Skeletal -- metastasis to skeletal muscle -- is very rare." 	1
But it was left at that. No one seemed to be asking why. 	1
26. At its thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth sessions, held in September-October 1996, January and May-June 1997 respectively, the Committee considered 18 reports submitted under article 44 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.	0
So I decided to ask why. At first -- the first thing I did was I emailed some professors who specialized in skeletal muscle physiology, and pretty much said, "Hey, it seems like cancer doesn't really go to skeletal muscle. 	1
The draft programme includes a proposal to establish a coordinating panel on technical advice and assistance in juvenile justice, which will consist of representatives of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights, the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division, UNICEF, UNDP and other relevant United Nations organizations and specialized agencies, as well as other interested intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.	0
So angiogenesis is really a central process to the pathogenesis of cancer. 	1
Special attention will be given to ensuring effective coordination and collaboration, especially in the efficient use of resources and joint activities.	0
So, I think he's Icarus and Phoenix all in one guy. 	1
The ILO also took an active part in the Subregional Conference of Senior Governmental Experts on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action in Central and Eastern Europe and made contributions both in financial and technical terms to the Arab Regional Conference on the follow—up to the Beijing Conference.	0
He's become the head of Art Center, and there's a building by Craig Ellwood there. 	1
Proposals for improvements to these measures form part of the project’s output, reported in a series of publications.	0
I like the idea of collaboration with people like that because it pushes you. 	1
29. Through participatory action-oriented research methodologies, data have been collected on the most common practices of a number of indigenous peoples in the Philippines in a broad range of domains, including fishing, farming, traditional handicraft production, and land and natural resource management.	0
Like the Rockefeller Center model, which is kind of from another era. 	1
Thus, recognizing the importance of creating a world-wide movement against child labour and placing child labour issues on top of the global agenda, ILO is actively participating and contributing to the international debate on child labour, such as the international conferences in Amsterdam, Cartagena de Indias, and Oslo.	0
And I told her the Frank Lloyd Wright story. 	1
I said to my team, "Let's get out of here." 	1
Information sheet provided by the Centre for Disarmament Affairs 15 GE.97—12891 (E) page	0
They followed -- the guy that dragged us there followed us and he said, "You mean you're not going to have lunch with the mayor?" 	1
11. The use of nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, fuel-air bombs, napalm, cluster bombs, biological weaponry and weaponry containing depleted uranium, like the dumping of other toxic and dangerous chemicals and wastes in the developing countries, violates the rights to life, health, physical security and other human rights, such as economic, social and cultural rights and the right to development.	0
Of course, it's also a great liberating force that makes possible, you know, publishing and so forth, and standards, and so on. 	1
However, illegal weapons do not have that protection, and their war-time use easily meets the rest of the definition of torture: their use causes severe pain and suffering, both physical and mental; their use is intentional; they are used to unduly coerce the enemy or the civilian population into surrender, submission or other state favourable to the user of the weapons; and their use is under the direct order of public officials.	0
I don't work with people in any kind of traumatic situation. 	1
At this point there is insufficient technology to prevent eventual contamination.	0
I would say, "Would you die for him or her?" 	1
In a recent statement, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States, in its Press Communiqué No. 13/93 of 25 May 1993, declared that the obligation to respect and guarantee civil and political rights is an obligation erga omnes.	0
You know, if you ask somebody to go to bed with you, and they say, "No, thank you," you certainly don't kill yourself or slip into a clinical depression. 	1
It was only in 1992, after increasing rates of rare cancers were detected among villagers of Point Hope, that the United States Government admitted that the radioactive waste was still buried there.	0
But in fact, women moving into the job market is having a huge impact on sex and romance and family life. 	1
Declaration of St. Petersbourg (banning certain projectiles)	0
They're now saying that the 21st century is going to be the century of what they call the "symmetrical marriage," or the "pure marriage," or the "companionate marriage." 	1
We're also seeing a rise of romantic love. 	1
I even think that marriages might even become more stable because of the second great world trend. 	1
IN FAVOUR: President Bedjaoui; Vice-president Schwebel; Judges Oda, Guillaume, Ranjeva, Herezegh, Shi, Fleischhauer, Vereshchetin, Ferrari Bravo, Higgins;	0
But these three brain systems: lust, romantic love and attachment, aren't always connected to each other. 	1
Report of the Secretary—General submitted pursuant to Sub—Commission resolution 1996/16	0
And when you tamper with one brain system, you're going to tamper with another. 	1
I want to end with a story. And then, just a comment. 	1
2. The Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force is not in possession of any weapons of aerial delivery or nuclear, chemical or biological weaponry, nor does it intend to acquire weapons of mass destruction in the future.	0
And the context is the Earth -- the same context that we're trying to solve our problems in. 	1
Introduction 1. At its forty—eighth session, the Sub—Commission, in resolution 1996/20 entitled “Human rights and terrorism”, reiterated “the unequivocal condemnation of all acts, methods and practices of terrorism regardless of their motivation, in all its forms and manifestations, wherever and by whomever committed, as acts of aggression aimed at the annihilation of human rights, fundamental freedoms and democracy, threatening territorial integrity and international peace and security, destabilizing legitimately constituted governments, undermining pluralistic civil society and having adverse consequences on the economic and social development of States”.	0
As a consequence, it will only present some issues central to the understanding of the human rights dimension of the phenomenon of terrorism and then conclude with methodological considerations relating to the future work of the Sub—Commission.	0
All these anti—terrorist conventions are characterized by the criminalization of the acts they cover regardless of whether in a particular case they could be described as terrorism, and by the requirement that Member States either extradite or submit the case of the alleged perpetrator to its authorities for prosecution (the principle of aut dedere aut judicare).	0
Here's another big idea: CO2 as a feedstock. 	1
largely as a result of the attitude of the States concerned.	0
That little guy over there is a tardigrade. 	1
B. Crimes against international law 19 — 26 8	0
 Chris Anderson: Talk about foreplay, I -- we need to get to 12, but really quickly. 	1
The question that I came up with was this question: what does technology want? And by that, I don't mean, does it want chocolate or vanilla? By what it wants, I mean, what are its inherent trends and biases? 	1
It may be noted that some of these acts can only be committed by States or primarily by States, whereas others are committed mainly by private individuals.	0
Even when we try to get rid of a technology, it's actually very hard. 	1
28. In the light of these references, which reflect established trends in doctrine and practice, and for complete clarity in the terminology used, it is appropriate to use international crime only for the acts of States directed against the international community which constitute serious breaches of international law.	0
And that's why we continue to grab technology -- because we want those things. Those things are good. 	1
32. The correspondence between the acts of a State constituting an international crime and the acts of individuals acting on behalf of the State which together amount to that international crime is far from complete.	0
We'd like you to figure out how much aspartame we should put in each can of Diet Pepsi in order to have the perfect drink." 	1
The acts performed personally by an official, however highly placed, who makes use of the State to commit an international crime, cannot embrace all the acts of the State constituting that crime.	0
Now that sounds like an incredibly straightforward question to answer, and that's what Howard thought. Because Pepsi told him, "We're working with a band between eight and 12 percent. 	1
“Violations of other human rights, including violations of economic, social and cultural rights may also be gross and systematic in scope and nature and must consequently be given all due attention in connection with the right to reparation.” Ibid.	0
The same can also be said of systematic violations of human rights.	0
So they came to Howard, and they said, fix us. 	1
40. Attempts have been made to “measure” violations of human rights.	0
And then he took this whole raft of 45 spaghetti sauces, and he went on the road. 	1
But in principle, “measuring” human rights violations like this is clearly the right way to go.	0
And he sat them down for two hours, and over the course of that two hours, he gave them ten bowls. 	1
However, the translation of this trend into a principle of international law is hampered to a considerable extent by the lack of precise criteria for deciding which categories of human rights violations should be regarded as international crimes.	0
There is no good mustard or bad mustard. 	1
51. The international community's demand that a particular category of human rights violations should be classified as an international crime would obviously not fully be met even if article 19, subparagraph 2 (c), of the draft articles on State responsibility was already in force in its present form.	0
Third thing that Howard did, and perhaps the most important, is Howard confronted the notion of the Platonic dish. 	1
52. Crimes against the peace and security of mankind and crimes against international law in general can be perpetrated by officials and private individuals.	0
Now that same idea fueled the commercial food industry as well. 	1
If each of these forms constitutes an international crime then the category itself may also be so characterized.	0
It is the movement from the search for universals to the understanding of variability. 	1
The persons participating in the commission of such acts bear criminal responsibility for their actions and the basis for such responsibility must be sought in international law.	0
They cannot be equated, for there is a qualitative difference between them.	0
This was an illustration about my camp experience when I was 11 years old, and how I went to a YMCA camp, Christian camp, and basically by the end, I had made my friends hate me so much that I hid in a bunk, They couldn't find me, they sent a search party, and I overheard people saying they wish I had killed myself -- jumped off Bible Peak. 	1
If an organization can be declared criminal, then in principle and in certain circumstances nothing prevents a State from being declared criminal, since the State is also a specific organization.	0
And I set a goal. I said, "I'm going to win an award," because I had never won an award in my entire life. 	1
For this reason, it would not be right to assimilate States to other organizations in matters of criminal responsibility.	0
Because the joke in this is that this person is not a tyrant, this person is so loving and so sweet that he lets me dress him up and post pictures of him to my blog. 	1
The principle of individual responsibility for international crimes is, of course, fully applicable to gross and massive violations of human rights constituting international crimes.	0
Hundreds of millions and billions of people. 	1
We're getting into China, we want to be there, but there are so many people that won't have the access to write a blog. 	1
5. The second basic document was the Guidelines concerning its methods of work which the Sub—Commission adopted at its forty—forth session pursuant to paragraphs 6 and 7 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1992/66.	0
But the big thing that really influenced us was, her sister wrote to me, and she said -- and she wrote on this blog -- that writing her blog during the last couple of months of her life was probably the best thing that had happened to her, and being able to talk to people and to share what was going on, and being able to write and receive comments. 	1
These Guidelines were the outcome of an inter—sessional working group chaired by Mr. Louis Joinet, in which the author had the privilege to participate.	0
And that was amazing, to be able to know that we had empowered that, and that blogging was something that she felt comfortable doing, and the idea that blogging doesn't have to be scary, that we don't always have to be attack of the blogs, that we can be people who are open, and wanting to help and talk to people. 	1
(h) A non—governmental organization, subject to paragraph 4 of this rule.	0
In science, we keep the whole database, and look to see if the number of hits somehow stands out from the total number you'd expect by chance. 	1
Three IQ points per 10 years, going up. 	1
Rule 12 (Rights of representatives pending confirmation)	0
Or is it more likely that a reader of "Skeptic" did this with Photoshop? 	1
1. If the Chairperson finds it necessary to be absent during a meeting or any part thereof, he or she shall designate one of the Vice—Chairpersons to take his or her place.	0
So he wrote that he had seen -- "I have observed that the furthest planet has three bodies." 	1
Rule 19 (Replacement of the Chairperson or other officers)	0
This is Christiaan Huygens's book that catalogs all the mistakes people made trying to figure out what was going on with Saturn. 	1
3. The Sub—Commission may limit the time allowed to speakers and the number of times each member may speak on any question; permission to speak on a motion to set such limits shall be accorded only to two members favouring and to two opposing such limits, after which the motion shall be put to the vote immediately.	0
It didn't really get anywhere, and then the Rodney King incident happened, and people thought, OK, if you have a camera in the right place at the right time, or, perhaps, the wrong time, depending who you are, then you can actually start doing something, and campaigning, and being heard, and telling people about what's going on. 	1
What I mean by that is that anyone in the world is free and allowed to create new music and musical ideas. 	1
Think of it as a massive iTunes for book-type content. 	1
A proposal or motion before the Sub—Commission for decision shall be voted upon if any member so requests.	0
So, imagine we could do that and imagine we could put people into this. 	1
* In its decision 1991/103, the Sub—Commission decided that any vote on draft resolutions submitted under item 6 of the agenda pertaining to allegations of violations of human rights in countries should be by secret ballot.	0
And so this is just indicating the tremendous thirst for this kind of open, free content. 	1
+ In its decision 1992/105, the Sub—Commission decided, pursuant to Council resolution 1991/32, to vote on resolutions, decisions and any proposals of a substantive nature under agenda item 6 of its forty—fourth session by secret ballot, whenever a vote was requested thereon.	0
A lot of teachers are using this stuff. 	1
1. When one or more elective places are to be filled at one time under the same conditions, those candidates, in a number not exceeding the number of such places, obtaining in the first ballot a majority of the votes cast and the largest number of votes, shall be elected.	0
(c) Reference to the decisions concerning the budgetary implications and an indication of the total amount; for each of these decisions, the total amount of the appropriations actually used after the completion of the appropriate phase of the study;	0
Should several observers on the list subsequently agree to make a joint statement, the time of the chosen speaker can be extended.	0
Connexions and open content is all about sharing knowledge. 	1
+ In its decision 1995/113, the Sub—Commission decided that, in the light of the good results of the consideration of agenda item 6 at the beginning of the session, it would continue the practice and consider item 6 at its forty—eighth session starting on the day following the adoption of the agenda.	0
I wrote this poem after hearing a pretty well known actress tell a very well known interviewer on television, "I'm really getting into the Internet lately. 	1
# It was decided by the Council that consideration of procedure provided for in its resolution 1503 (XLVIII) shall be made in private meetings.	0
The present document is submitted pursuant to that request.	0
B. Proposed method of work for the study	0
6. To this end, the proposed study will analyse those historical and cultural factors that may affect the acceptance, entrenchment and furtherance of democracy through the exercise of human rights.	0
Democracy is based on a constitutional limitation of the powers of the legislator, the Government and the judiciary.	0
22. Such participation will be ensured by directly or indirectly choosing representatives, by taking the initiative in introducing legislation or appealing against it before the courts, but also by helping to resolve potential problems within society through a general election or referendum.	0
Biopolymers, these new ideas for materials, will come into play in probably a decade. 	1
Claims by States parties that racial discrimination is absent in their territory	0
This kind of effervescent -- fully charged sense of soup that delivers ideas. 	1
These distinctions may amount to total exclusion of persons, depriving them of the most fundamental rights and having racist implications.	0
I'm going to show you something a bit weird now. 	1
Everything's holistically integrated. It opens and closes like a bread bin. 	1
The Government's view is that such a measure is still justified and thus retain its derogations to article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights and article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and political Rights.	0
If you put it next to contemporary architecture, it feels totally natural to me. 	1
I'm not putting Charles Eames' furniture in buildings anymore. 	1
On the narrow question of denial of access to a legal adviser at a time when inferences from silence might be drawn, the Court found against the United Kingdom.	0
This is the data that goes with that. Incredibly complex. 	1
Until the inquest has been held and a verdict returned we are unable to comment further.	0
— The powers and responsibilities of the Secretary of State, police and others;	0
It's self-inspirational, again. I mean, the rare times when I'm there, I do enjoy it. 	1
22. It is understood that the use of plastic baton rounds is not free from risk — no method for controlling public order situations is safe — but there are strict rules governing the use of plastic baton rounds which are intended to minimize the possibility of injury and ensure that the law is respected.	0
Because there's a soul in this whole thing. 	1
4. For the information of the Sub-Commission, the Secretariat has also prepared, as annex II to the present document, a list of country situations currently being considered by the Commission under the agenda items entitled “Organization of the work of the session”, “The right of peoples to self—determination and its application to peoples under colonial or alien domination or foreign occupation” and “Advisory services in the field of human rights”.	0
But this guy named Otto Rohwedder invented sliced bread, and he focused, like most inventors did, on the patent part and the making part. 	1
I think that all this stuff applies to everybody regardless of what we do. 	1
At the heart of spreading ideas is TV and stuff like TV. 	1
And "remarkable" is a really cool word, because we think it just means "neat," but it also means "worth making a remark about." 	1
In 1992, the Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences (CIOMS) adopted “International ethical guidelines for biomedical research involving human subjects”.	0
It's really simple -- you sell to the people who are listening, and just maybe, those people tell their friends. 	1
That's a purple cow; that's something worth noticing. 	1
Now, you had a lot of power, and you got to beat people up -- you got a lot of prestige, a lot of respect. 	1
51/127 Offers by Member States of grants and scholarships for higher education, including vocational training, for Palestine refugees	0
You couldn't charge dues to the people in the gang, because the people in the gang didn't have any money. 	1
(b) Rules 5 and 6 (Drawing up of the provisional agenda and communication of the provisional agenda).	0
Defied all kinds of boundaries: Was he black or white? Was he man or woman? 	1
It was felt that rule 20 of the rules of procedure should not apply to the proceedings of its working groups;	0
9. The issue of the nature of the exercise being undertaken with respect to the document submitted by Mr. Hatano and the follow—up to be given to it was also raised in the course of the debate.	0
So Sudhir went home, took a shower, took a nap. 	1
 Sudhir, on the other hand, got right back, walked down to the housing project, went up to the second floor, and said: "Hey, guys, I had so much fun hanging out with you last night, I wonder if I could do it again tonight." 	1
QUESTION OF THE VIOLATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS, INCLUDING POLICIES OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION AND SEGREGATION AND OF	0
 And Sudhir says it's not like these guys had a very sophisticated view of what happened in American corporate life, but they had seen movies like "Wall Street," and they had learned a little bit about what it was like to be in the real world. 	1
Surprisingly however, a draft “resolution” designed to impair the sovereignty and dignity of our country has been tabled.	0
STATEMENT The Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the other relevant international instruments clearly define refugee status.	0
That 14-year-old kid would say to his friends, "Hey, look at all the money I got in the gang." 	1
No Mauritanian can thus give any valid reason based on a well—founded fear in order to claim refugee status.	0
Often, our theories fail quite miserably when we over the data, but what's kind of interesting is that in this setting, it turned out that some of the economic theories that worked not so well in the real economy worked very well in the drug economy, in some sense, because it's unfettered capitalism. 	1
Because they're not willing to be at risk. 	1
And the beauty of the second cure for this disease was that it could be used on infants and one-year-olds. 	1
It doesn't turn out to be the case when you look at seatbelts versus car seats. 	1
So what we do in the study is -- and this is just presenting the same information, but turned into a figure to make it easier. 	1
The obligation to adopt appropriate measures of law and policy	0
And then finally, the last set of bars, which are really controlling for everything you could possibly imagine about the crash, 50, 75, 100 different characteristics of the crash. 	1
The obligation to explore all possible alternatives	0
(a) A fair hearing before a competent, impartial and independent court or tribunal;	0
Now, eventually, one did. Under the conditions of anonymity, they said they would be happy to do this test for us -- so anonymity, and 1,500 dollars per seat that we crashed. 	1
The answer both to why has a car seat been so successful, and why this may someday be adopted or not, lies in a story that my dad told me, relating to when he was a doctor in the U.S. Air Force in England. And this is a long time ago: you were allowed to do things then you can't do today. 	1
And he would say, listen, I know I gave you that huge pill, that complicated, hard-to-swallow pill before, but now I've got one that's so potent, that is really tiny and small and almost invisible. 	1
The essential purpose, however, is surely to pave the way for a discussion on the subject and to promote an exchange of ideas on those questions.	0
But it's obviously a critical question. 	1
That would make it possible to supplement the study and contribute to the genuine realization of economic, social and cultural rights.	0
The question is even if -- are there enough serious injuries to make these cost-effective? It's kind of tricky. 	1
Some of them have, moreover, stated that they attach high priority to economic and material development and strengthening their institutions.	0
And what I'm doing is attempting to synthesize the way one sees the world and the territories which are useful as generative material. 	1
14. This interdependence of civil and political rights and of economic, social and cultural rights confirms their identical legal basis, even if each category of rights has its own rules.	0
The most important instruments enshrining this principle include the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:	0
The International Conference on Human Rights at Tehran had been the opportunity to review the progress made in protecting human rights since the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to assess the effectiveness of the methods and techniques used and to identify the main obstacles encountered in the area;	0
(g) The Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States (General Assembly resolution 3281 (XXIX));	0
And it has also to do with an interest in the vast kind of territory that architecture touches. 	1
26. These instruments and many more unequivocally lay down the obligation of individuals, groups of persons, States and the international community to combat impunity for those who violate economic, social and cultural rights.	0
And all of a sudden we're kind of moving away, and we're separating the skin from the body, and that's going to lead to broader performance criteria, which I'm going to talk about in a minute. 	1
The following are examples of international practices that give rise to serious violations of economic, social and cultural rights: debt, structural adjustment programmes, deterioration of terms of trade, corruption, laundering of drug money, the fraudulent activities of transnational corporations, etc.	0
It adjusts continually. And we removed the air conditioning. 	1
It is for the State and the international community to organize the political and legal framework needed to undertake, with any chance of success, the campaign against impunity for violations of economic, social or cultural rights, whether individual or collective.	0
So it puts 200,000 square feet of stuff that make a high school work in the surface of that Earth. 	1
It was systematized and generalized to the point of being called the “black-slave trade”.	0
It has to do with a broad, consistent logic, and that logic could be understood as one occupies the building. 	1
This trend intensified with the arrival of the British and other “white” population groups which, by violence or cunning, appropriated nearly all the agricultural and residential lands in South African territory.	0
And it led us to the project, the courthouse, which is absolutely a part of a negotiation between tradition and pieces of the traditional courthouse. 	1
That system was not peculiar to South Africa only.	0
The courts were made of that. The skin is this series of layers that reflect even rusticated stonework, but which were embedded with fragments of the Constitution, which were part of the little process, all set on a plinth that defined it from the community. 	1
52. The practices listed above belong to the past but have baneful consequences for the economic life of the peoples and countries that were the victims.	0
You know, when I was a teenager, I was a creator. 	1
Those discussed below are perhaps the most usual, but they are not the only ones.	0
You couldn't really say what you wanted to say; you had to invent ways of doing it. 	1
In the latter case, the damage takes the form of a high rate of unemployment accompanied by an intense social crisis.	0
My first job in Brazil was actually to develop a way to improve the readability of billboards, and based on speed, angle of approach and actually blocks of text. 	1
But I wasn't into selling whiskey; I was into selling ice. 	1
59. The main consequences of such practices are to multiply and exacerbate the problems of the developing countries.	0
They lived in Brazil, long time ago.  This is the Ashanti joystick. 	1
These methods of managing shortages which steadily worsen the state of dire poverty of the peoples concerned were imposed on them by the debtor countries with the complicity of the international financial institutions in a fictitious context of negotiation in which the creditors had the power to lay down the law.	0
And you become trapped into this kind of representation. 	1
This lack of harmony demonstrates, if need there still be, the deviation of the financial institutions from their primary mission.	0
Then you have this double take and see that it's actually something that existed in time. 	1
To understand the many forms of corruption, it is first necessary to consider the nature of the situations and persons concerned: civil servants, businessmen, private individuals or companies using the same processes.	0
They do a DNA scan of this, they will come up with a great mailing list. 	1
Corruption can also engage the responsibility of the State if the latter is organizing it	0
80. Corruption, trafficking in influence and breach of trust by officials are offences generally connected and usually carried out in the same context and by means of the same methods.	0
That's why we pay to go to magic shows and things like that. 	1
They include misappropriation of public funds, misuse of company assets, financial speculation, unlawful enrichment, laundering of drug money and the complicity of certain credit establishments in receiving funds which have been fraudulently acquired.	0
Because it's got all those A's lined up I guess. 	1
This is gobbledygook for if the United States fights somebody we're going to be huge. 	1
90. Such practices, when combined with the perverse impact of indebtedness and of the deterioration in the terms of trade, together with the baneful activities of the transnational corporations, prevent the developing countries and their peoples from effectively enjoying their right to development.	0
There is no battle space the U.S. Military cannot access. 	1
They all revolve around and centre on that right, if by "life" is meant everything that contributes to the continued existence and improvement of the human condition.	0
In a perfect world we'd have 50,000 there. 	1
100. Shortages or serious crises have inevitable consequences on the labour market with increasingly frequent recessions hampering the development of any policy aimed at improving the conditions of the worker and his family.	0
Frankly, we do it better than anybody and we still suck at it. 	1
Speculative dealings in foodstuffs of prime necessity by some national and international firms, especially with regard to importation and distribution, further frustrate all hope of securing everyone's right to a minimum of food.	0
 And then we look over the body and we find an old cigarette lighter and we say, "Jesus, it was dark." 	1
In many African countries the principle of free primary and even secondary education had in the past enabled many poor people to receive at least basic teaching.	0
You've got to track coalition partners. Create a record of success. 	1
While it is true that every people or region has its own specific character, the necessary interdependence between the different human rights must not be overlooked.	0
Thus, an international offence, as determined by international legal standards, is the result of an act or of conduct that is morally and legally imputable to a subject of international law.	0
I knew we'd kick ass in the war with the Leviathan Force. 	1
It is most reprehensible that certain States should establish legislation which protect the goods or property of certain national companies and give them total impunity for any violations they commit of the economic, social and cultural rights of citizens or private economic groupings.	0
As regards trade unions, the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights has already enshrined the principle by enabling them to submit to it for consideration a collective labour conflict.	0
You're going to build the Sys Admin Force inside the U.S. Military first. 	1
This idea is summarized in the decision handed down by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in the Velásquez Rodríguez case:	0
We're going to have a Department of Something Else between war and peace. 	1
In order to satisfy this request the Secretary-General sent a note verbale and a letter on 3 March 1997.	0
How are you going to get them to work for this force? 	1
Most firemen in this country do it for free. 	1
I. GLOBALIZATION AND INCOME DISTRIBUTION 23 - 44 12	0
They said, "Al Qaeda could be listening." 	1
18. The method of understanding distribution and income at the international level consists simply in comparing a country's annual product with the global product of the region or group of countries in question.	0
And the way we do it is, we do it in workshops, and we bring people who want to learn digital workflow and storytelling, and have them work with the kids. 	1
And there was an unexpected speaker who wasn't on the program, and he talked about DNA. 	1
E. Globalization, "flexibilization", and the diminishing	0
Social disintegration, in its twofold sense of "atomie" and "anomie", in the language used by Johan Galtung, is one of the main effects of globalization as a "wild" uncontrolled process of mobility in economic factors, communications and exchanges and the subsequent destruction and restructuring of life systems.	0
And on both occasions, you know, one of us was missing the tie. 	1
The system for the prevention of human rights violations at the international and regional level must bear in mind that the application of certain policies, especially policies resulting in high income concentration, high levels of redundancy and poverty, will bring as consequences the social disintegration (atomie) and cultural disintegration (anomie) of society, with serious consequences for the rights of individuals.	0
And we knew, basically, DNA provides the information for RNA. 	1
II. INCOME DISTRIBUTION AT THE INTERNATIONAL AND NATIONAL LEVELS	0
It's not a -- it's only a partial look, but it's a -- I think it's going to be very, very useful. 	1
A. Income distribution at the international level	0
And now I have a sort of vested interest: I want to do it for prostate cancer. So, you know, you aren't treated if it's not dangerous. 	1
The United States, by contrast, is at the bottom of the list, giving less than 0.2 per cent of its GNP to other countries in the form of foreign aid".Bradshaw and Wallace, op. cit., p. 141.	0
And so, I'll conclude by saying we've looked at 20 people with schizophrenia. 	1
Once atop the pile, one of the boys lowered his shorts, squatted, and defecated. 	1
The most boring headline agreed by consensus by all the bored editors was "Slight earthquake in Chile.	0
But the green building, on behind, you can see that the top floor is not occupied, so people are building with the possibility of expansion. 	1
The most complex processes now being experienced by developed societies, including new forms of racism, are a direct consequence of deregulated economic activities at the international level and of an inequitable and "wild" process of globalization.	0
This is a marketplace, also in Kenya, Toi Market, lots of dealers, in almost everything you want to buy. 	1
Talk about more plastic bags than plankton. 	1
Recent studies have shown that women "heads of household" are among those in situations of greatest disadvantage and poverty.	0
And when you're a legal sub-municipality, you suddenly have politics. 	1
The future of these communities is in the people and in our ability to work with those people. 	1
Today it has become almost a platitude in spite of the impotence and drama inherent in it.	0
So when Yochai is talking about new methods of organization, he's exactly describing Wikipedia. And what I'm going to do today is tell you a little bit more about how it really works on the inside. 	1
Global ratification and acceptance of the Covenant is fundamental for the improvement of the human condition.	0
So the servers are managed by a ragtag band of volunteers. 	1
The Special Rapporteur appeals for an increase in international cooperation, in self-sustaining development programmes, training and education of local management capacities.	0
We hired Brian because he was working part-time for two years and full-time at Wikipedia, so we actually hired him, so he could get a life and go to the movies sometimes. 	1
90. Efforts have to be made to ensure that workers in developing countries receive fair remunerations, related to those paid in developed countries, and are not exploited for the mere economic benefit of transnational corporations.	0
First of all, how good is it? Well, it's pretty good. It isn't perfect, but it's much better than you would expect, given our completely chaotic model. 	1
(d) Proposal of standards and initiatives of a juridical nature, guidelines and other recommendations for consideration by the Commission on Human Rights, the Working Groups on the Right to Development, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the specialized agencies and other instances of the international system of the United Nations;	0
RATIO OF HIGHEST QUINTILE INCOME TO LOWEST QUINTILE INCOME	0
So as soon as he made his change, it went to the "Recent changes" page. 	1
This is really important because a lot of new pages are just garbage that has to be deleted, you know, "ASDFASDF." 	1
But also, that's some of the most interesting and fun things, some of the new articles. 	1
People really want to know about administrators, things like that. 	1
They still have to follow all the rules -- but they're elected by the community. 	1
Sometimes people -- random trolls on the Internet -- like to accuse me of handpicking the administrators to bias the content of the encyclopedia. 	1
You got a hint of that when I mentioned, like, RickK's voice would carry a lot more weight than someone we don't know. 	1
I mean, this could happen. What if some group gets really seriously organized and comes in and wants to vote?" 	1
And the storyline is, there's this crazy thing, Wikipedia, but academics hate it and teachers hate it. And that turns out to not be true. 	1
But we do have the potential to overcome disease and poverty, and I'm going to talk about those issues, if we have the will. 	1
(b) Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations.	0
And I'm going to show you a small sample of this, but there's really a theoretical reason why technology develops in an exponential fashion. 	1
They think they're going to continue to develop a problem or address a problem using today's tools, at today's pace of progress, and fail to take into consideration this exponential growth. 	1
So we are gaining the potential to overcome these problems. 	1
The information provided is considered by them as strengthening ongoing efforts of the United Nations system to recognize, promote, protect and restore the rights of indigenous peoples.	0
Processor performance on Intel chips, the average price of a transistor -- 1968, you could buy one transistor for a dollar. 	1
This recommendation was endorsed by the Commission in its resolution 1995/30 of 3 March 1994 and the workshop was requested to report on the outcome to the thirteenth session of the Working Group.	0
Freitas has a design for a robotic white blood cell. 	1
31. In its resolution 1997/30 of 11 April 1997, the Commission on Human Rights requested the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights to convene the second workshop on a permanent forum.	0
It will intersect human intelligence in terms of capacity in the 2020s, but that'll be the hardware side of the equation. 	1
It was said that a definition of indigenous people was essential in order to enable efficient protection of the rights of indigenous peoples.	0
And of course, the last thing I'm going to talk about is how to reach that intermediate step, that point of maybe 30 years life extension. 	1
The group of experts in international law submitted its recommendations to the Commission in 1997 and concluded that the Saami people have right to ownership and possession of certain traditional areas.	0
24. The Saami in Russia do not have their own official institutions.	0
You can look at medical care. I mean, hygiene, vaccines, antibiotics -- you know, the same sort of time frame. 	1
During the Soviet era there were limitations on the Saami fishing rights, but the Saami were entitled to use the land and water for their own subsistence.	0
This is a very important point for me to get across. 	1
But irrespective of that age, I'm claiming that the first person to live to 1,000 -- subject of course, to, you know, global catastrophes -- is actually, probably, only about 10 years younger than the first 150-year-old. 	1
“Citizens and their associations have the right to possess land as private property.	0
Owing to the general isolation of some indigenous peoples and the poverty which severely limits their ability to pay for medical services, indigenous peoples face problems of unequal access to health facilities and services.	0
There's a proposal to actually put together an institute. 	1
5. For many indigenous peoples health is a part of a greater order and closely related to the spirit, the environment and their very existence.	0
Audience: Since you've been talking about aging and trying to defeat it, why is it that you make yourself appear like an old man? 	1
7. At its fourteenth session, in (1996), the Working Group on Indigenous Populations considered the question of health and indigenous peoples as sub—item (b) of its agenda item 3 on the review of developments pertaining to the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people.	0
AG: Brilliant. Thank you for asking a question that I can answer with an uncontroversial answer. 	1
provided a brief overview of the need for considering the issue of health and indigenous people, the social and cultural context of indigenous health, indigenous approaches to health and best practices.	0
In other words, we have aging because it's hard work not to have aging; you need more genetic pathways, more sophistication in your genes in order to age more slowly, and that carries on being true the longer you push it out. 	1
12. In the general debate statements were made by various indigenous representatives and government observers.	0
The standard numbers are that lifespans have been growing at between one and two years per decade. 	1
20. The first legal instrument addressing the living and working conditions of indigenous and tribal peoples was the International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention (No. 107), concerning indigenous and tribal populations, adopted in 1957 and ratified by 27 countries.	0
Water is the key to life, but in frozen form, it is a latent force. 	1
For example, a technical cooperation project on the safety and health of rural workers applies to indigenous peoples, because many indigenous people work as temporary rural workers.	0
Shallow seas nurtured life early on, and that's where it morphed into more complex forms. 	1
The Advisory Group met for the second time from 16 to 18 April 1997 and adopted the following guidelines for project proposals and the Indigenous Fellowship Programme.	0
They still do what they've done for ages, their enemies long gone. 	1
To provide assistance to projects and programmes advancing the goal of the International Decade: international cooperation for the solution of problems faced by indigenous people in such areas as human rights, the environment, development, education, culture and health.	0
Therefore, it is important that the candidate is proposed and nominated by an indigenous organization or community.	0
Primates emerge from jungles, as tarsiers first, becoming lemurs not much later. 	1
Four alternates should be selected as first, second, third and fourth preferences in the event that any of the four first preferences will not be available.	0
And our brains -- our celebrated brains -- reflect a drainage of a tidal marsh. 	1
3. (a) Reviewing the promotion and practical realization of the	0
And these are two anecdotes -- one was in Cambodia, in a village that has no electricity, no water, no television, no telephone, but has broadband Internet now. 	1
6. Illicit drug traffic and supply, including reports of subsidiary bodies of the Commission.	0
And somebody -- to remain nameless -- called our laptop a "gadget" recently. 	1
In addition, article 8 of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961,United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 520, No. 7515. article 17 of the Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971Ibid., vol. 1019, No. 14956. and article 21 of the Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol.	0
You can spray paint it. You can do anything you want. 	1
The revised draft could then be the object of in-depth discussions by an open-ended intergovernmental working group in the fourth quarter of 1997.	0
The only criticism, and people really don't want to criticize this, because it is a humanitarian effort, a nonprofit effort and to criticize it is a little bit stupid, actually. 	1
The Commission at its fortieth session may wish to continue its consideration of that subject.	0
We depend on stars to make the atoms we're made of. 	1
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary QuestionsThis document has not been edited.	0
And whatever happens in this uniquely crucial century will resonate into the remote future and perhaps far beyond the Earth, far beyond the Earth as depicted here. 	1
For the biennium 1994-1995, less than ten per cent of UNDCP's resources came from the regular budget of the United Nations and about 90.3 per cent from voluntary contributions for the Fund of UNDCP (E/CN.7/1997/8, para. 8).	0
These include voluntary contributions of $122,200,000, interest income of $4,680,000 and public donations and other income of $2,250,000.	0
20. The Advisory Committee recalls that, as indicated in its report E/CN.7/1995/22, paragraph 12, in addition to the posts charged to the headquarters support budget, there are 32 posts at headquarters charged to global projects budgets.	0
And I think that's really, really important. 	1
As shown in table 4, annex I, of document E/CN.7/1997/9, programme support resources for 1996-1997 are estimated to amount to $4,370,100 ($2,931,500 for UNDCP execution, $899,800 for UNDCP and UNOPS and $489,200 for UNDCP and UNIDO execution) or 4.0 per cent of the total estimated project delivery of $109,122,000 and 3.4 per cent of the total general and special-purpose resources for 1996-1997 of $126,453,700 (see table 9 of E/CN.7/1997/9).	0
 It's this, and I think this is a particularly lovely solution. 	1
If this proposal is implemented, UNDCP would recover an additional amount of $650,000 for agency execution in 1996-1997.	0
Elaborates and manages information dissemination (public access, limited or restricted access).	0
Another author doesn't give any numerical estimate, but says the probability is significant that it will fail. 	1
Assists and manages the development of UNDCP's capability to assess, analyse and communicate the global drug problem using economic methods.	0
And you wonder, why can't it be like that all the time? 	1
It's worth recalling that there are a lot of other modification technologies and enhancement technologies that we use. 	1
In consultation with TSB, undertakes technical assessments of drug abuse and trafficking problems in selected countries in the Africa region in relation to economic, social and political developments; analyses trends in drug trafficking and abuse; identifies vulnerable groups, sets forth needs and priorities for assistance. 30. Secretary GS	0
You're changing the microstructure of your brain as you go along. 	1
Provides secretarial and clerical support to the Technical Adviser.	0
So in a broad sense, we don't need to think about technology as only little gadgets, like these things here, but even institutions and techniques, psychological methods and so forth. 	1
I. DRAFT PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND DOCUMENTATION FOR THE FORTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE COMMISSION 1-5 2	0
If you think about what we normally take as giving life a lot of its meaning -- music, humor, eroticism, spirituality, aesthetics, nurturing and caring, gossip, chatting with people -- all of these, very likely, are enabled by a special circuitry that we humans have, but that you could have another intelligent life form that lacks these. 	1
1. The Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-first session will need to act again not only as a functional commission of the Economic and Social Council and the governing body of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP), but also as the preparatory body for the special session of the General Assembly to be held in 1998.	0
All of these would enable, in principle -- be amenable to enhancement. 	1
1056th meeting Item 4 (a). Report of INCB for 1997	0
By pulling a string, it vibrates and produces a sound wave, which passes through a piece of wood called a bridge, and goes down to the wood box and gets amplified, but ... let me think. 	1
Entertainment -- I love the entertainment. 	1
According to that budget cycle, the Commission is called upon to approve the final budget for the current biennium and the initial budget for the next biennium for the Fund of UNDCP at its reconvened sessions, held in December of odd years.	0
  At first, I thought I was just going to be here to perform, but unexpectedly, I learned and enjoyed much more. 	1
It's written around 1834, so even though it's old, I hope you'll like it. 	1
programme budget for 1998-1999 for the Fund of the United Nations	0
B. Lessons learned and major achievements during the biennium 1996-1997 51-52 19	0
The difference between the amount of $127,184,800 for project activities in the 1998-1999 outline and the proposed programme budget of $110,502,000 is $16,682,800, reflecting lower programme delivery amounting to $2,086,400 and changes in the presentation format which account for $12,109,800.	0
So can we have the lights back on please? Thank you. 	1
Now, how do we know about an environment that's so far away and so different and so alien from anything we're used to? 	1
A. New programme budget format The programme budget is presented in a new format that is comparable with those used by other United Nations programmes, including the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).	0
Well, the Earth -- our environment, in the form of us -- is creating knowledge. 	1
Programmes are currently under preparation for the Caribbean region, Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Nigeria, Peru and Viet Nam, and for the construction of a security belt around Afghanistan. E. Fund policy	0
Civilizations end. The overwhelming majority of all species and all civilizations that have ever existed are now history. 	1
Programmes and activities should specify measurable indicators of success in achieving such objectives.	0
Programmes and activities should be planned and carried out with due attention to the absorption capacity of the partners.	0
And I really should have said something smart. 	1
Now, this is actually becoming such an interesting idea. 	1
The feature side is -- you know, people will say, [unclear] down around about 65 nanometers now. 	1
The remainder is converted into 300 tonnes of heroin, the largest part of which is for international illicit markets.	0
We could do a lot more with computers and things generally if we knew how to build things this way. 	1
During the past decade, illicit drug production and trafficking of plant-based and other drugs have spread to new geographical areas.	0
Can we get self-replicating-type behavior? 	1
The experience of UNDCP and its partners during the biennium 1996-1997 has led to a better understanding of the drug-control situation in the various regions, the relative strengths and weaknesses of the parties involved in drug control, and new and better approaches and strategies to tackle such a complex and rapidly changing phenomenon.	0
And the whole point of going with the extremely simple rules here, and the incredibly simple state machines in the previous design, was that you don't need digital logic to do computation. 	1
As a first step in tackling such issues, UNDCP has decentralized activities to the country level by opening a regional office in Cairo.	0
I've probably got a couple of minutes of questions, or I can show -- I think they also said that I do extreme stuff in the introduction, so I may have to explain that. 	1
In south Asia, renewed prominence will also be given to fostering cooperation on the subregional and regional levels between countries in all sectors. Emphasis will be placed on practical measures to suppress drug trafficking.	0
This is something that has editing and it has teams, but in fact, we no longer see within this process, the traditional master architect creating a sketch that his minions carry out. 	1
In east Asia and the Pacific, the thrust of the UNDCP programme will be twofold.	0
Demand reduction activities undertaken in parallel will also increase from $1.4 million to $3.5 million.	0
Now I'm going to talk about -- I'm going to build up the Seattle Central Library in this way before your eyes in about five or six diagrams, and I truly mean this is the design process that you'll see. 	1
In that regard, technical studies are a prerequisite for the provision of the comprehensive information on which sound decision-making processes can occur, at both the policy and operational levels;	0
 And so this was the final operation, which was to take these blocks as they were all pushed off kilter, and to hold onto them with a skin. 	1
Objective: to establish or strengthen national coordinating mechanisms and bodies or inter-ministerial committees and make them fully operational.	0
Objective: to improve the control of licit pharmaceuticals in key countries of the region of east and southern Africa.	0
It was recognizing that public libraries are the last vestige of public free space. 	1
The training will be provided through seminars, workshops or more targeted advisory services.	0
So they in the morning will do something in arena, then they'll do something in proscenium and so forth. 	1
National seminars on demand reduction for policy makers and experts in the field, together with participants from non-governmental organizations, will have been undertaken to increase awareness, to identify needs for human resources development and to elaborate action-oriented programmes.	0
So an artistic director has the ability to have a performance that enters in a Wagnerian procession, shows the first act in thrust, the intermission in a Greek procession, second act in arena, and so forth. 	1
The area under cultivation is estimated at 50,000 hectares.	0
And so instead of being a developer that sees an opportunity to make money, they saw an ability to be a catalyst in their downtown. 	1
Opiates and sedatives are the two main types of drugs abused, followed by cannabis and cocaine.	0
And it also charged us with thinking about how to have something that was both a single building So this is Louisville's skyline, and I'm going to take you through the various constraints that led to the project. 	1
The spread of drugs such as ecstasy, methamphetamine and other ATS is alarming.	0
Cooperation with ILO, the European Commission and the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe was enhanced to optimize assistance in demand reduction.	0
 Now, you don't have to go through the trouble of reading them and I won't read them for you. 	1
The Baltic States, Belarus and Ukraine form a geopolitical belt between south-west Asia and the Russian Federation, on one side, and Poland, as the main gateway for illicit drugs to Germany, the Benelux countries and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.	0
and, I think, particularly, the Swiss , don't seem to be doing all that well. 	1
UNDCP will continue working with the Pompidou Group in expanding its multi-city network to States of eastern Europe, and with UNESCO in strengthening primary prevention to counteract the trend of increasing substance abuse among children and young people.	0
Under "Nirvana" they showed this Constable painting. 	1
The proposed budgetary allocation for the programme for central and eastern Europe for the bienniums 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 is presented in table 5.	0
Everybody who has ridden the New York subway system will be familiar with these signs? 	1
In Kyrgyzstan, assistance was provided to the State Committee on Drug Control for the establishment of a national drug intelligence unit, a national mechanism to control drugs and precursors, as well as for the improvement of a national forensic laboratory and other drug law enforcement infrastructure.	0
While the policy of conditionality will be applied under the project module for reduction of the poppy crop, it is not applicable to other modules.	0
Again, it's the same thing -- "guts" is just the same room, reworked. 	1
Objective: to build up a coordinated drug law enforcement programme aimed at improved interdiction of drugs coming from Afghanistan.	0
After leaving Afghanistan, drug-trafficking routes rapidly branch and spread.	0
So government needs to make us do something painful to fix it. 	1
It's financeable in the private capital market. 	1
In central Asia, a steering committee consisting of senior officials from the memorandum of understanding signatory countries and a UNDCP representative is responsible for the overall implementation and development of the subregional drug control cooperation programme.	0
And these policies work fine without taxes, subsidies or mandates. 	1
During the biennium 1996-1997, the subregional approach was expanded and developed with the launching of new subregional projects in various sectors.	0
I showed here two years ago a little bit about a design of your basic, uncompromised, quintupled-efficiency suburban-assault vehicle --  -- and this is a complete virtual design that is production-costed manufacturable. 	1
Traditionally, UNDCP addressed the elimination of illicit crops through projects that offered alternative sources of income to replace opium.	0
For example, a billion-dollar prize for the first U.S. automaker to sell 200,000 really advanced vehicles, like some you saw earlier. 	1
In the area of alternative development, in the Lao People’s Democratic Republic and Viet Nam, a number of United Nations agencies will be participating in project implementation.	0
And if we start adding tranches of hydrogen in there, we are rapidly off imports and completely off oil in the 2040s. 	1
And in the fall, I'm going to exchange marriage vows with my beloved. 	1
However, a number of factors are very likely to fuel a continuous strong demand for cocaine and other drugs, including patterns of multiple drug abuse, a net increase in the number of new entrants into drugs, and the ability of traffickers and retailers to adjust to new circumstances and remain price-competitive.	0
That's him pressing my buttons back there, which he does all the time. 	1
UNDCP is the region’s principal multilateral drug-control partner of the region, with an average yearly expenditure of $20 million (1994-1996), working closely with the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission (CICAD) of the Organization of American States (OAS), which delivers an average of $3 million per year (1994-1996).	0
Environmental justice, for those of you who may not be familiar with the term, goes something like this: no community should be saddled with more environmental burdens and less environmental benefits than any other. 	1
The role of the private sector was promoted vigorously in all three countries, and major inroads have already been achieved in Bolivia and Peru.	0
Jesus. I grew up with a crack house across the street. 	1
In the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse, the expected result is to have all countries acknowledging demand reduction as a key component of national plans to address the drug problem, and to have built greater social awareness and mobilization against drugs as a deterrent for potential new entrants.	0
I wrote a one-and-a-quarter-million dollar federal transportation grant to design the plan for a waterfront esplanade with dedicated on-street bike paths. 	1
The thematic focus in the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse will be the provision of policy guidance and institutional development support for more effective and wider implementation of preventive education strategies.	0
Physical improvements help inform public policy regarding traffic safety, the placement of the waste and other facilities, which, if done properly, don't compromise a community's quality of life. 	1
Caribbean countries and territories members of the commonwealth will assess the feasibility of establishing subregional protection schemes for witnesses, prosecutors and judges, as well as sentencing options and alternatives to incarceration.	0
Green roofs are soil and living plants. 	1
UNDCP clears the allocation of funding on the basis of satisfactory substantive and financial progress reports.	0
So I don't have a problem with developers making money. 	1
Significant efforts will be made to identify and implement planning and operational linkages and synergies with the work of other organizations, including international financial institutions, to incorporate the drug dimension into their mainstream socio-economic development work.	0
If you're a mayor, you can do something about that. 	1
Cooperation with the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division of the Secretariat and the network of collaborative institutions of the Division included assistance in the formulation and sponsorship of a project related to criminal justice.	0
But when I went to architecture school, it seemed that I was a black sheep in the family. 	1
The Executive Director had two televised interviews in New York (Cable News Network (CNN) and Fox News).	0
We run from a couple of laptops, and in the first couple of days, I had 4,000 emails from people needing help. 	1
A decision was taken by UNDCP management to shift priorities, and this activity is now being terminated.	0
So we decided to embrace an open-source model of business -- so that anyone, anywhere in the world, could start a local chapter, and they can get involved in local problems. 	1
They focus on improving the understanding of the money-laundering phenomenon and the acceptance of the need for countermeasures; assisting Member States in developing strategies, effective laws and countermeasures against money-laundering; and improving international cooperation in this area.	0
This one I personally love, because the idea is that architecture is not just about solutions, but about raising awareness. 	1
The third element in the UNDCP strategy for policy development and methodology work is the focus on the practical applicability of its products.	0
And that's not because they're promiscuous, it's because there's no knowledge. 	1
The joint activities will be complemented by activities aimed at refining the comparative advantage of UNDCP and bolstering its position as a coordinating centre of expertise and knowledge.	0
The main activities described below are proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 in the five categories under the global programme for policy development and methodology.	0
Through IDAAS, information on drug abuse and analysis of trends will be provided, inter alia, for inclusion in reports to the Commission.	0
And we start construction in June, and it will be opened by TEDGlobal. 	1
The handbooks will also be made available to Governments and other organizations active in this field to facilitate their design and implementation of demand-reduction projects and programmes.	0
The kids are out there on-site, building the buildings. 	1
It took 20 years to design this and get it implemented in the field. 	1
This set of activities also includes acquisition and distribution of reference samples of drugs under international control, their metabolites and of controlled chemicals and precursors to national laboratories in developing countries, drug-testing laboratories participating in the international collaborative exercises, regional training centres and collaborating institutions; production and distribution of drug and precursor identification kits to law enforcement agencies; and organization of expert group meetings on laboratory methodologies and standard guidelines.	0
And this is just a selection of things that were built in the last couple of years. 	1
Research in policy development will enable Member States to respond to the global problem of ATS by means of improving the international drug-control system through the action plan against manufacture, trafficking and abuse of ATS for the special session of the General Assembly, and its operationalization and continuing scientific work to keep abreast of the perpetually changing ATS issue.	0
One in seven live in unplanned settlements. 	1
This will include strengthening the research capacity for understanding the different dimensions of the drug problem by more intensive and extensive use of the network of collaborating centres, the awarding of small research grants as seed money and joint projects in developing countries.	0
The databank will continue to be maintained and used by the secretariat of the Board, Division for Treaty Implementation and Policy Development, UNDCP headquarters.	0
 So why not allow designers the opportunity to do this, but still protect their rights here? 	1
6Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol. I (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.94.XI.5).	0
And a long time ago -- well, about 40 years ago -- my mom had an exchange student. 	1
To consider ways and means of improving the coordination of the United Nations drug-control-related activities (section VI, paragraph 4)	0
I got drawn into this community and I began to take pictures there. 	1
But I was looking at this intense emotion and intense feeling that had come out of people just seeing these photographs. 	1
The Committee agrees with this proposal.	0
Furthermore, in paragraph 10 of the report it is indicated that although the national-execution modality “requires significant resources for programme support, the partnership that evolves between the national authority and UNDCP has as positive by-products the development and strengthening of national capacities to develop, manage and monitor technical cooperation activities in drug control”.	0
If you imagine projecting from Times Square to Tahrir Square in Cairo, the same film in Ramallah, the same film in Jerusalem. 	1
. At its meeting at Abudja in September 1996, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), a UNDCP partner, decided to convene a ministerial meeting on drug trafficking and abuse, particularly their impact on youth and criminality, to be held in Cape Verde in early 1997.	0
Thus, Afghanistan continued to be one of the world's major producers of illicit opiates.	0
UNDCP assistance, an integral part of the reconstruction and institution-building process in the post-conflict situation, will also contribute to the development of the legal framework for drug control, strengthen law enforcement services and build up the capacity of educational, health and social welfare agencies involved in drug abuse prevention.	0
UNDCP initiated the second phase of the integrated area development programme in Lebanon in October 1996.	0
It just gives you a sense of, again -- and that's where, really, the whole migration of jobs started going over to China and making the shoes. Nike was one of the early ones. 	1
In the law enforcement sector, UNDCP supported operational and investigative training, providing selected equipment to law enforcement agencies and assisting in establishing and improving the functioning of national drug control coordinating bodies, particularly in Brazil, Cuba and Ecuador and in other countries in Central America and the Caribbean.	0
That's cubed metal. This is armatures, electrical armatures, where they're getting the copper and the high-end steel from electrical motors out, and recycling them. 	1
UNDCP continued to carry out its role as advocate, technical partner, coordinator and source of partial funding of such interventions.	0
Here's another operation. It's all cottage industries, so it's not big places -- it's all in people's front porches, in their backyards, even in their homes they're burning boards, if there's a concern for somebody coming by -- because it is considered in China to be illegal, doing it, but they can't stop the product from coming in. 	1
In Brazil, UNDCP began working with well-known corporate sponsors on the organization of large-scale social mobilization campaigns to support drug abuse prevention and healthy lifestyles.	0
One of them I'm starting from almost nothing, but the other one, I wanted to find out what's going on that's working right now. 	1
The commentary will be published in 1997.	0
And the prize has to be a verifiable thing, so it's not about just ideas. 	1
In addition, UNDCP supported INCB by organizing and funding several subregional training seminars for national drug control administrators on the requirements of the international drug control treaties and compliance with their provisions at the national level.	0
In 1996, UNDCP provided support to Governments and non-governmental organizations in the development and implementation of preventive education strategies and programmes.	0
I'm going to discuss with you three of my inventions that can have an effect on 10 to a 100 million people, which we will hope to see happen. 	1
National and regional seminars have been held in Egypt, Mexico and Namibia to promote the use of the model.	0
The means consist of noting something a little technical, ST segment elevation of the electrogram -- translated into English, that means that if there's an electrical signal in the heart, and one part of the ECG -- which we call the ST segment -- elevates, that is a sure sign of a heart attack. 	1
The assistance led to the launching of 16 subregional law enforcement programmes in Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America, as well as in CIS member States.	0
In 1996, UNDCP provided assistance to counter money-laundering to the following States: Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Cambodia, Chile, Colombia, Estonia, Haiti, Latvia, Lesotho, Lithuania, Nepal, Pakistan, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia and Swaziland.	0
And when you go to the farmyard, you can't easily get pigs to have heart attacks, so we said, well, we're experts in stents. 	1
At the field level, UNDCP has succeeded in integrating drug control as a component in the programmes and activities of other United Nations bodies and agencies.	0
It's not all that bad; you decide not to do anything. 	1
UNDCP has taken a lead role in inter-agency coordination in drug control in Asia and the Pacific, under the umbrella of the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific.	0
And when you have a blockage, the alarm goes off and it sends the alarm and the electrogram to an external device, which gets your baseline electrogram from 24 hours ago and the one that caused the alarm, so you can take it to the emergency room and show them, and say, take care of me right away. 	1
It aims to establish national strategies and organizational and administrative structures for community-based demand reduction programmes using project implementation teams as the main driving force.	0
Then it goes to a network operations center, where they get your data from your patient database that's been put in at some central location, say, in the United States. 	1
In 1996, UNDCP prepared the proposed revised budget programme for the biennium 1996-1997 and the proposed outline for the biennium 1998-1999 for the Fund of UNDCP and programme support cost for submission to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) and to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its fortieth session (E/CN.7/1997/9).	0
SS: Researchers are hoping to present their studies to the FDA this summer. 	1
As expenditure continues to exceed income, the Fund balance will be significantly reduced in the biennium 1996-1997.	0
 The third and last invention began with an idea. 	1
Generally speaking, the abuse of amphetamines, cannabis and opiates seem to be on the increase, while the abuse of cocaine and hallucinogens is stable but at high levels.	0
I'm a tech; I'm into medical gadgetry, which is mostly high-tech stuff like Mr. Bono talked about. 	1
III. YOUNG PEOPLE AND DRUG ABUSE 56-64 18	0
And that's how I'll use my 100,000-dollar prize money. 	1
15. The number of abusers of amphetamine-type drugs was estimated at 6 million from among 37 reporting countries, with Europe being the leading region, followed by the Americas.	0
In 1967, the WHO embarked on what was an outrageous program to eradicate a disease. 	1
Injecting drug use practice is not limited to intravenous injecting, but also include intramuscular or subcutaneous injecting.	0
There are 20 million people on the road at any time, in buses and trains, walking; 500,000 villages, 120 million households, and none of them wanted to report if they had a case of smallpox in their house, because they thought that smallpox was the visitation of a deity, Shitala Mata, the cooling mother, and it was wrong to bring strangers into your house when the deity was in the house. No incentive to report smallpox. 	1
19. In order to present a fuller picture of the situation, data provided through the annual reports questionnaires have has been supplemented by other data.AIDS 1994, vol. 8, pp. 1745-1756 and HIV/AIDS Surveillance in Europe, 1996/2.	0
So, how we eradicated smallpox was -- max vaccination wouldn't work. You could vaccinate everybody in India, but one year later there'd be 21 million new babies, which was then the population of Canada. 	1
In addition, the tendency of those starting to abuse heroin is not to inject at first.	0
In 1995, a large increase was reported by high-prevalence countries such as the United States (prevalence 7.1 per cent).	0
Blindness, polio -- early detection, early response. 	1
Pharmaceutical preparations containing narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances are still widely available throughout Asia without a medical prescription.	0
Let's make it transparent, non-governmental, not owned by any single country or company, housed in a neutral country, with redundant backup in a different time zone and a different continent. 	1
Half of the countries reporting injecting drug use also reported HIV infection among the injecting drug abusers (see map 3, p.10).	0
And we'll add Gapminder's amazing graphics to the front end. 	1
59. There is a large and growing number of "recreational" users of amphetamine-type stimulants, the prevalence of which is similar between males and females.	0
Now, you need a camera that fits in your palm, and a couple of bucks for a blank DVD. 	1
71. Among the countries having a national drug abuse data collection system, resources and capabilities available varied greatly.	0
Civic groups, especially those directly concerned with youth, should disseminate information about the dangers of drug abuse and law enforcement agencies should, where appropriate, participate in information activities.	0
Because there is no way we can look at what's happening in Africa, and if we're honest, conclude that it would ever be allowed to happen anywhere else. 	1
Programmes in the form of lectures and seminars to sensitize parents and make them aware of the problem of drug abuse have been reported by several countries.	0
Anyway, I believe that that kind of thinking offends the intellectual rigor in this room. 	1
85. Targets 29 to 33 and 35 deal with treatment and rehabilitation issues, while target 34 deals with care for drug-addicted offenders within the criminal justice and prison system.	0
And I didn't say that. Colin Powell said that. 	1
91. In general, based on information received, social reintegration seems to be the least addressed aspect of demand reduction.	0
But that's just the easy part, or ought to be. 	1
102. In most parts of the world there are regional and national networks of epidemiologists and epidemiology work groups, like the Asian Epidemiology Work Group, that discuss issues of common concern, organize training and in some cases also develop instruments for common reporting.	0
The Clash wore big army boots, not sandals. 	1
You see, idealism detached from action is just a dream. 	1
However, the scientific quality of the data is variable and not always known.	0
But my disappointment has much more perspective when I talk to American people, and I hear their worries about the deficit, and the fiscal well being of their country. 	1
A. Global rates of interception of heroin and cocaine at a time of expansion of international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods 73-86 22 B. Law enforcement methods to improve rates of interception 87-100 27	0
II. Heroin and morphine: potential global availability and seizures, 1984-1995 5	0
You see, if this is true, and I believe it is, that the digital world you all created has uncoupled the creative imagination from the physical constraints of matter, this should be a piece of piss. 	1
X. Heroin and cocaine: seizures in eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of	0
A few minutes ago, I talked about all the citizens' campaigns that are springing up. 	1
Moreover, analysis of trafficking trends and of conclusions thereon, as well as of specific trafficking routes and methods, is often incomplete as a result of the scarcity of individual seizure reports transmitted by Governments to international organizations and the relatively low rates of interception of illicit drug trafficking in some of the key trafficking countries and regions.	0
I would like one media hit for every person on the planet who is living on less than one dollar a day. 	1
13. Most of the world’s cocaine originates in the Andean region.	0
And having grown up in a segregated city, Baltimore, Maryland, I sort of use that idea to go around America with a tape recorder -- thank God for technology -- to interview people, thinking that if I walked in their words -- which is also why I don't wear shoes when I perform -- if I walked in their words, that I could sort of absorb America. 	1
In 1995, 13 African and 27 Asian countries and territories reported cocaine seizures.	0
And these trains are smooth, and they're quiet and they're efficient. 	1
And Huck gets on the raft with a property named Jim, a slave, see. 	1
In 1995, more than 470,000 indoor-cultivated cannabis plants were seized in the Netherlands.	0
 So, talk about risk taking. I'm going to do somebody that nobody likes. 	1
In 1995, the report of the Secretariat on stimulants and the use of their precursors in the illicit manufacture of and trafficking in drugs (E/CN.7/1996/12) discussed past and present trends in the illicit traffic in amphetamine-type stimulants.	0
I could hear it, but I dared not to move. I didn't move. 	1
However, in 1995, Peru reported a 40 per cent increase in seizures of hydrochloric acid over the previous years.	0
The extent of rise in international cocaine trafficking can be seen in maps 5 and 6.	0
That's why I understand; that's why I have a mixed feeling about the verdict. 	1
Other major trafficking problems are the shipment of bulk loads of cocaine from Latin America and of psychotropic substances from Asia and cannabis shipments through southern and eastern African seaports destined for overland transport through Africa or for reloading, mainly to European seaports.	0
And they would just kind of throw the buckets down there and hope that it would somehow go away, and of course it never really would go away. 	1
62. Overall, regional reports and international meetings have concluded that the amounts of drugs being trafficked through the Caribbean continue to rise more rapidly than local seizure and interception rates suggest.	0
And he'd made the case in a number of papers and done a number of studies, but nothing had really stuck. 	1
United States sources also estimate that 84 tonnes of cocaine transit Puerto Rico en route to mainland United States markets each year.	0
Just an extraordinary, terrifying scene. 	1
The actual weight of heroin seized in east Europe was 1,200 kilograms in 1995 (out of 10.0 tonnes seized in all of Europe) and 2,400 kilograms in 1994 (11 tonnes seized in all Europe).	0
And what it ended up doing is making the idea of large-scale metropolitan living a sustainable one. 	1
international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods	0
As shown, the estimated heroin interception rate stayed fairly stable, ranging from 7 to 10 per cent, except for a peak of 14.7 per cent in 1993.	0
There are several million people dying of HIV and AIDS. 	1
During the same period, the number of cases of air couriers arrested in Europe increased, in contrast to the situation described above for interception of surface trafficking.	0
Major cocaine seizures in Europe were made mainly by the countries with large seaports mentioned above: Spain alone accounted for roughly 32 per cent of all cocaine seizures in Europe in 1995, followed by the Netherlands, Germany and Italy.	0
You know, you have a pizza; you've no idea what the price is. 	1
Most of these measures, however, require not only advanced legal and institutional law enforcement structures but also additional financial resources and sophisticated technical equipment that are often not available.	0
But if you want to know which of the two you should deal with first, you can't ask either of them, because that's not what they do. 	1
89. The changes in global interception rates in heroin and cocaine trafficking noted earlier, from around 14 per cent for cocaine and below 10 per cent for heroin in 1985 to 34 and 14.5 per cent respectively in 1993, indicate the potential to increase the effectiveness of law enforcement programmes and the need for advanced law enforcement methods to be applied at the international level.	0
And just to give you a sense of reference, the U.N. actually estimate that for half that amount, for about 75 billion dollars a year, we could solve all major basic problems in the world. 	1
Nevertheless, while countries in the traditional destination regions for cocaine continue to improve their knowledge on the specific patterns of cocaine trafficking via the Caribbean, that knowledge is not always available in the concerned transit countries.	0
And that is really why it becomes a bad project. 	1
96. All countries that have ratified the 1988 Convention (138 as at 31 December 1996) have committed themselves to implementing the technique of controlled delivery, which, for drug law enforcement purposes, could be applied both to drug trafficking and to major cash movements across borders.	0
97. Only limited information was sent to international organizations on cases of controlled delivery actually conducted in the 1990s.	0
Again, what it tells us is suddenly we start thinking about both sides of the equation. 	1
The above information also displays clearly the significant discrepancy between countries experiencing and reporting major cocaine and heroin trafficking problems and those actually applying advanced law enforcement techniques to counteract and dismantle the networks behind the trafficking.	0
The second best thing would be to focus on malnutrition. 	1
In 1995, the number of countries reporting cocaine seizures was 100 per cent higher than in the early 1980s, and 89 per cent more countries were affected by heroin seizures; for amphetamine-type stimulants, the increase in reporting countries was 60 per cent, and only for cannabis, which is cultivated in almost all regions, did the extent of globalization remain almost unchanged.	0
And again, in an ideal world, we would do both. 	1
B. Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Asia and the Pacific 23-34 8	0
In 1970, the developed world decided we were going to spend twice as much as we did, right now, than in 1970, on the developing world. 	1
Direct reference to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) is limited to recommendation 4, to the effect that UNDCP should continue and increase its assistance to help countries adopt up-to-date and harmonized legislation, and should also assist States in training law enforcement agents.	0
You know, when you ask the world's best economists, you inevitably end up asking old, white American men. 	1
7. The provisional agenda for the Twenty-second Meeting of HONLEA, Asia and the Pacific, approved at the Twenty-first Meeting, is as follows:	0
But also frustrated with the bikes that your dad rode, which sort of had big handlebars like that, and they were too heavy. 	1
8. The attention of the Commission is drawn to paragraph 38 below concerning a proposal made to include an additional item on the agendas of the meetings of the subsidiary bodies in 1997-1998 to review issues to be considered by the General Assembly at its special session in 1998.	0
And out of that, you get the need for the kind of things that Jimmy was talking about, which is our new kinds of organization, or a better way to put it: how do we organize ourselves without organizations? 	1
(d) Implementation of recommendations adopted at the thirty-first session of the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East, held at Amman from 9 to 13 March l996, will be reviewed at the thirty-third session; recommendations adopted at the thirty-second session to be held at Baku from 17 to 21 February 1997, will be reviewed at the thirty-fourth session.	0
To facilitate cooperation, representatives described their country's adoption and continued support for informal agreements to permit the speedy exchange of operational information and more formalized agreements using memoranda of understanding to promote requests for mutual legal assistance in drug-related criminal prosecutions.	0
Best example: who in the music industry, 30 years ago, would have said, "Yes, let's invent a musical form which is all about dispossessed black men in ghettos expressing their frustration with the world through a form of music that many people find initially quite difficult to listen to. 	1
UNDCP is in the process of creating a security zone to combat trafficking from Afghanistan to the neighbouring countries.	0
This has huge organizational implications for very large areas of life. 	1
They want to be part of that flow of information. 	1
Well, how can he service 250 million people from 500 employees? 	1
And one of the reasons they do that is that they turn users into producers, consumers into designers. 	1
I talked to corporate professionals, college professors, actors, sex workers. 	1
Significant progress in drug control cannot be made without that balanced approach.	0
In Great Neck, New York, they call it a Pussycat. 	1
"Recalling its decision 1993/246 of 27 July 1993 and its decision 1996/248 of 23 July 1996, by which it authorized the enlargement of the membership of the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East,	0
I remember when I started practicing Buddhism 14 years ago, and I was told that the end of this practice was to be happy, I said, "How could you be happy and live in this world of suffering and live in this world of pain?" I mistook happiness for a lot of other things, like numbness or decadence or selfishness. 	1
The following recommendations were adopted on issue 2:	0
And every single time I did the show at the beginning, women would literally line up after the show, because they wanted to tell me their stories. 	1
It was stressed that the Russian language should be included as a working language of the Subcommission, since it was the lingua franca of the law enforcement officials of a number of new members of the Subcommission (see chapter I, section A, draft resolution II).	0
300 women have disappeared in a border town because they're brown and poor. 	1
The observer for the Council of Arab Ministers of the Interior informed the Subcommission of action taken by the Council to support drug control in the Arab world.	0
We were there a week ago, when there were 7,000 people in the street, and it was truly a miracle. And as we walked through the streets, the people of Juarez, who normally don't even come into the streets, because the streets are so dangerous, literally stood there and wept, to see that other people from the world had showed up for that particular community. 	1
It's completely intuitive; there's no instruction manual. 	1
Item 6 of the provisional agendaE/CN.7/1997/1.	0
It will focus on the provision of comprehensive guidelines and coordination of the work of other organs to ensure a multidimensional, integrated and gender-sensitive approach to poverty eradication in accordance with, inter alia, the provisions of the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development, the Platform for Action, adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women, and General Assembly resolution 50/227.	0
There's no manual. This is exactly what you expect, especially if you haven't interacted with a computer before. 	1
As reflected in part III of the agreed conclusions, the Council, at this segment, took a number of steps to harmonize the intergovernmental consideration of poverty eradication and to ensure that the different dimensions of poverty are covered in a complementary way by its functional commissions and by the Council itself, also taking into account other fora, in particular policy-making organs of specialized agencies.	0
Since the Secretary-General is required to submit a report to the Council at its next session on the implementation of these agreed conclusions, I would be very grateful if you could provide the Secretary-General with information on action taken by the Commission to implement the agreed conclusions, before the next session of the Council.	0
We're not accessing it. And one of the reasons why I think that is will be helped by things like graphics and visualization and inference tools, but I also think a big part of it is going to be having better interfaces, to be able to drill down into this kind of data, while still thinking about the big picture here. 	1
(d) No State in the region had established special programmes to target container traffic and vessels of particular interest to investigators.	0
33. The working group met once on 19 February 1997.	0
We had the place crammed full of agents in T-shirts: "James Robinson IS Joseph!"  He didn't have to speak, but you know the bit where the three kings come in? 	1
(c) Illicit manufacturing, processing and trafficking in eastern Turkey was reported to be supported by PKK;	0
The three boys came in, four-year-olds with tea towels on their heads, and they put these boxes down, and the first boy said, "I bring you gold." 	1
Further information was available on the existence of more laboratories processing opium into morphine base and morphine base into heroin for export through the Islamic Republic of Iran to western markets.	0
Am I right? They're not frightened of being wrong. 	1
34. The working group drew the following conclusions:	0
I don't mean to say that being wrong is the same thing as being creative. 	1
A. Establishment and management of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme 33-34 8	0
The report examines action taken to implement General Assembly resolutions that were adopted from 1990 to 1995.	0
And we were rather pleased about that, frankly -- Because she was the main reason we were leaving the country. 	1
The report further contains concrete examples of programmes and measures implemented at the national level, an evaluation of progress on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action and recommendations on ways and means of improving implementation.	0
Grown men and women writhing uncontrollably, off the beat. 	1
The high cost of detection and eradication measures in remote areas is, however, a serious obstacle to establishing effective eradication programmes.	0
By the way, there's a shaft of nerves that joins the two halves of the brain called the corpus callosum. It's thicker in women. 	1
In addition, UNDCP has developed model legislation to promote more uniform implementation of the international drug control treaties and to facilitate international cooperation.	0
She did "Cats" and "Phantom of the Opera." 	1
A package of model laws on the regulation of licit activities, the repression of illicit activities, extradition and mutual legal assistance, money-laundering and confiscation of proceeds, as well as on the creation of required drug control bodies and coordination mechanisms, is available in Arabic, English, French, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish, for use in the main legal systems.	0
She's wonderful. I used to be on the board of The Royal Ballet, as you can see. 	1
The Commission concurred with the Executive Director that the problems related to data collection were extremely complex, and would not be easy to solve.	0
So, this oak-paneled room, and she was there with her mother, and she was led and sat on this chair at the end, and she sat on her hands for 20 minutes while this man talked to her mother about the problems Gillian was having at school. 	1
There are regional arrangements on the issue, such as the Council of the European Communities directive 91/477/EEC, of 18 June 1991, on control of the acquisition and possession of weapons,Official Journal of the European Communities, No. L 256/51, 13 September 1991.	0
We walked in this room and it was full of people like me. 	1
And she was thinking about the work I did developing mathematical models for understanding evolution and modern genetics. 	1
Imagine this half of the audience each get out coins, and they toss them until they first see the pattern head-tail-tail. 	1
You know about the Human Genome Project. 	1
Although control of the exchange of information on ATS was a difficult and complex issue, appropriate steps at both the national and international level were possible, in close cooperation with all actors involved, and should be taken.	0
Think of the Human Genome Project as learning what we've got in common, and the HapMap Project is trying to understand where there are differences between different people. 	1
It could also be used effectively for training purposes with participants located in different countries.	0
The development of appropriate control strategies should be tailored to the needs of the individual country and region.	0
Amongst these million individuals, most of them are healthy and some of them will have the disease. 	1
Governments should trace, monitor and curtail assets derived from the clandestine manufacture of ATS (see paragraph 40 below).	0
(i) Emergency or simplified scheduling processes;	0
The annual reports questionnaire and Form D (providing annual information on substances frequently used in the illicit manufacture of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances) should be used and made more specific for such purposes (see paragraphs 18, 30 and 31 above).	0
Please drive your car home over it," they would have said, "Well, pediatricians don't know how to build bridges. 	1
He underlined the historical interplay between the licit and illicit spheres of the ATS problem, as well as the equal contributions of demand and supply to the global expansion of ATS abuse from a few countries prior to the 1970s to the global dimensions witnessed during the 1990s.	0
Social structure adapts to accommodate this possibility and to harness this productive potential, so you get cities, you know, and you get all the non-zero-sum games you don't think about that are being played across the world. 	1
Of increasing concern, however, was the spread of underground literature, including on the Internet, on the various possibilities for clandestine synthesis of ATS.	0
And that's pretty new, and I think it's probably going to get a lot worse -- this capacity -- because of trends in information technology, in technologies that can be used for purposes of munitions like biotechnology and nanotechnology. 	1
I think we're going to have to have a major round of moral progress in the world. 	1
He proposed, in conclusion, a set of countermeasures to address, in particular, the need for appropriate national frameworks, regional and international cooperation, as well as sanctions for precursor-related offences.	0
It's especially hard to do when people hate you, OK, because you don't really, in a sense, want to completely understand why people hate you. 	1
(a) Increasing the effectiveness of the international control system for dealing with clandestine synthetic drugs;	0
The original meaning of the word "salvation" in the Bible is about saving the social system. 	1
He further emphasized the work already initiated by regional groups, such as the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe and the epidemiological network groups that cooperated closely with UNDCP and WHO.	0
I figured, they're not workaholics. They're workafrolics.  Alex Garden says, "To be successful, put your nose down in something and get damn good at it." 	1
Nayera G. El-din Husein (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo	0
I'm often asked, "What surprised you about the book?" 	1
Nobuaki Ito (Japan), Minister, Permanent Mission of Japan to the United Nations (Vienna)	0
David Musto (United States of America), Yale University - Child Study Centre, New Haven, Connecticut	0
D. José Félix Olalla (Spain), Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo, Madrid	0
I think you matter to God; I think you matter to history; I think you matter to this universe. 	1
Fawzi Abd Rabu El Shora (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo	0
Zhu Entao (China), Assistant Minister, Ministry of Public Security, Beijing	0
And all of the sudden, it brought a lot of money and a lot of attention. 	1
III. POSITION OF THE INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL BOARD ON THE CONTROLLED DISTRIBUTION OF HEROIN TO DRUG	0
When he said the word "species," he was revealing his worldview. 	1
The problem is most people never really think it through. 	1
5. The Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961,United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 520, No. 7515. as amended by the 1972 Protocol,Ibid., vol. 976, No. 14152.	0
The second thing was, I stopped taking a salary from the church that I pastor. 	1
Article 2, paragraph 5, leaves the prohibition to the judgement, though theoretically not to the discretion, of each party.	0
And that is, when my wife and I got married 30 years ago, we started tithing. 	1
15. In May 1953, the Sixth World Health Assembly adopted a resolution (WHA6.14) on diacetylmorphine (heroin).	0
Only two States (Switzerland and the United Kingdom) were known to provide heroin to drug addicts.	0
The purpose of influence is not to build your ego. 	1
But God -- my God -- doesn't show up on sprinkler images. 	1
The failure of drug-free treatment services and the number of relapse cases convinced some States of the need to provide narcotic drugs for the chronic drug addicts who had failed in other programmes.	0
Second, it's a symbol of not only his identity, it's a symbol of his income, because all of his assets are tied up in sheep. 	1
Methadone maintenance programmes started later in Bahrain (1985) and Austria (1987).	0
And so, I'm talking to the players, because most of the NBA teams, NFL teams and all the other teams have done this 40 Days of Purpose, based on the book. 	1
In most cases, they received their regular prescription from their family doctor.	0
No figures were given on the number of addicts receiving codeine.	0
And so we have to understand not only why tech's important, where it's going, but also, very importantly, when -- the timing is everything. 	1
Methadone maintenance programmes vary according to admission criteria, length of treatment, dosage, combination with other types of treatment etc.	0
We tend to do any technology that we think is sufficiently important; we'll typically do it twice. Once, we want to do it first. 	1
44. The three experimental studies show similar results: methadone substitution is more efficient than placebo treatment or no treatment at all, particularly with regard to reduction of heroin consumption and involvement in criminal activity, as long as the patients are in long-term treatment.	0
I'd like to talk about a way of thinking about technology trends that I call my "grand unified theory of predicting the future," but it's closer to a petite unified theory of predicting the future. 	1
The majority remained in contact with other drug users and involved in drug-related activities, though often less intensively than before.	0
And then finally, a lot of technologies commoditize. 	1
Most persisted in some criminal activity, though less than half were dependent on crime as a source of income.	0
Towards the end of their life, they become nearly free. 	1
PREPARATORY BODY FOR THE SPECIAL SESSION	0
You can see around 2001 it finally out-sold the VCR. 	1
Free is probably the most interesting thing. 	1
This is the price of a phone call to India per minute. 	1
It's seven cents a minute, in many cases. 	1
So this -- the perfect solution for time-starved professionals who want to, you know, salute the sun, but only want to give over about 20 minutes to it. 	1
I. Participation of non-governmental organizations 11-12 4	0
We're so marinated in the culture of speed that we almost fail to notice the toll it takes on every aspect of our lives -- on our health, our diet, our work, our relationships, the environment and our community. 	1
9. Following the practice of the preparatory committee for the seventeenth special session, the preparatory body for the upcoming special session may wish to recommend to the General Assembly that the Credentials Committee of the special session should have the same membership as the Credentials Committee of the fifty-second regular session of the General Assembly.	0
You think of, you know, urbanization, consumerism, the workplace, technology. 	1
10. The preparatory body may wish to recommend that, following established practice, the General Committee of the special session should consist of the President of the special session of the General Assembly and the 21 vice-presidents and the chairmen of the seven Main Committees of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, on the understanding that they may be substituted by members of their delegations or members of delegations of States belonging to the same regional group and of the chairman of the ad hoc committee of the special session, if such a committee is established. I. Participation of non-governmental organizations	0
But I think if you cut through those forces, you get to what might be the deeper driver, the nub of the question, which is how we think about time itself. 	1
12. Views and matters pertaining to the special session, transmitted by specialized agencies and other relevant bodies of the United Nations system.	0
Now, you know, I like a quickie as much as the next person, but I think that there's an awful lot to be gained from slow sex -- from slowing down in the bedroom. 	1
Several specific objectives linked to the overall purpose of the special session were identified.	0
We fill our head with distraction, with busyness, so that we don't have to ask, am I well? Am I happy? Are my children growing up right? 	1
Secondly, adherence to the international drug control treaties and their full implementation by all States should be advanced by the special session.	0
It's a byword for "lazy," "slacker," for being somebody who gives up. 	1
It could identify how such cooperation could be improved, including specific measures that could be adopted by States.	0
And because children have their own tempo and internal clock, they don't do quality time, where you schedule 10 minutes for them to open up to you. 	1
The report of the Expert Meeting, containing its conclusions and recommendations, is before the Commission (E/CN.7/1997/6).	0
This is a crowd that does know what it is, so I'll like just do like the 60-second crib-note version. Right? 	1
15. Over a period of several decades alternative development as a means of reducing illicit cultivation has come to be widely recognized by the international community as an indispensable component of the international drug-control strategy.	0
And, you know, then you get all the way down to people who live in the Asia-Pacific region, or even more, Africa. 	1
In addition, Member States could commit themselves to providing a more solid, broader-based system of support for international cooperation in drug control through active participation in the activities of UNDCP.	0
And I would say that, at the moment, the alternative is unimaginable. 	1
And they are doing density, new density, better than probably anybody else on the planet right now. 	1
(b) Paper prepared by the International Narcotics Control Board on measures to promote judicial cooperation (INCB/JUD).	0
There's also neo-biological design, where more and more we're actually using life itself and the processes of life to become part of our industry. 	1
14. The Secretariat made an introductory statement on the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation.	0
So this, for example, is hydrogen-generating algae. 	1
General statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Community) and the Russian Federation.	0
They live in the emerging megacities of the developing world. 	1
22. Regarding the conclusions contained in paragraphs 36-37 of the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation, statements were made by the representatives of Argentina, Belgium, Bolivia, India, Peru, Portugal and Sweden.	0
And this is one of the things that we are looking for everywhere. 	1
Like, I don't know if any of you have seen the movie "City of God?" 	1
These are LED lights that help the roughly billion people out there, for whom nightfall means darkness, to have a new means of operating. 	1
We're expecting to have upwards of 200 million refugees by the year 2020 because of climate change and political instability. 	1
2. The meeting was opened by the Chairman of the Commission acting as preparatory body.	0
 I also love it because it seems to me that the example, the tools we use to change the world, ought to be beautiful in themselves. 	1
28. Statements were made by the representatives of Germany and the United States.	0
29. It was agreed that the consolidated paper should be edited and reformatted by the Secretariat and sent to Governments for comments. III. OTHER MATTERS	0
He was running a media systems organization which is still in business, the gentleman is still in business. 	1
34. The Executive Director made a statement on the balanced approach adopted by UNDCP.	0
It's now probably either the biggest or the second biggest media company in the country. 	1
He provided information related to the activities of UNDCP in the field of demand reduction, indicating that on the basis of the resources allocated and the number of technical assistance projects in that field, UNDCP was giving the same importance to demand reduction as to reducing illicit supply and countering illicit trafficking.	0
And I thought that the only thing that we needed at that time was 1,000,000-dollar loan to take us through those hard times. 	1
So I thought, why don't we get into that business? 	1
First independent newspaper in Slovakia. 	1
(iii) Exchange of information between exporting, importing and transit States, and with the International Narcotics Control Board, on the licit uses made of imported precursors;	0
But that is what happens if you're in business of independent media, and if you are a banker for independent media. 	1
Information on the normal patterns of legitimate trade and on the licit uses of, and requirements for, precursors is necessary to verify the legitimacy of individual transactions.	0
And before you know it, any social cause can be actually financed in this way. 	1
Without such information, the Board has found it difficult to see how competent national authorities could possibly monitor the movement of substances in Table I and Table II, as required under article 12.	0
Bonobos are built slightly smaller than the chimpanzee. 	1
(a) If needed and so far as possible on a periodic basis, review their domestic legislation to simplify procedures for extradition, consistent with their constitutional principles and the basic concepts of their legal systems;	0
 Panbanisha is trying to give Nyota a haircut with a pair of scissors. 	1
This is a recording I made of a mantis shrimp that's found off the coast of California. 	1
IV. CALL FOR ACTION A. Assessing the problem 9. Demand reduction programmes should be based on a regular assessment of the nature and magnitude of drug use and abuse and drug-related problems in the population.	0
 So that was really cool and very unexpected. 	1
Efforts to reduce the demand for drugs should be part of a broader social policy approach that encourages multisectoral collaboration.	0
It just looks like a saddle you'd put on a horse. 	1
Member States should develop within the criminal justice system, where appropriate, capacities for assisting drug abusers with education, treatment and rehabilitation services.	0
There needs to be some kind of spring-loaded mechanism in order to generate the amount of force that we observe, and the speed that we observe, and the output of the system. 	1
Those strategies and programmes should be ongoing and should be aimed at meeting the needs of participants.	0
So, we've had very solid evidence showing that that saddle-shaped structure actually compresses and extends, and does, in fact, function as a spring. 	1
I have to do a little bit more background reading, but I think this will be the largest amount of force produced by an animal of a given -- per body mass. So, really incredible forces. 	1
This includes, most notably, an emphasis on counselling, intensification of a reproductive health perspective and an emphasis on adolescent health.	0
And we can violate your expectations in a whole variety of ways about representation, about shape, about color and so forth and it's very primal. And it's an interesting question to ponder, why these things -- we find these things joyful. Why would we find them joyful? So, here's something that Lionel did a while ago. I like these sort of little things like this. 	1
These include coverage of governmental workers and some private-sector employees in 10 countries — including Indonesia, Thailand, the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Philippines.	0
Again, this is not an optical trick. This is what you would see. In other words, it's not a camera cut. It's a perceptual trick. 	1
11. The Philippines provides a notable example of a “healthy places” strategy which is being implemented through advocacy of basic sanitation and the removal of threats to the environment.	0
Right. Now, when -- it's interesting that when we look at an image we see, you know, color, depth, texture. And you can look at this whole scene and analyze it. You can see the woman is in closer than the wall and so forth. But the whole thing is actually flat. It's painted. It's trompe l'oeil. 	1
12. Work-related health policies and programmes are emerging as important elements in development plans in several countries.	0
And I really say, "No." I mean, women can navigate through the world just as well as males can -- and why wouldn't they? However, this is the one illusion that women can consistently do better than males: in matching which head because they rely on fashion cues. They can match the hat. 	1
Similar efforts are supported in the Philippines, with emphasis on helping families to cope with disabled members and on providing support for capability-building programmes to develop self-reliance and independence.	0
They're looking out two directions at once. You have a larger piece fitting in with a smaller. And that's something for you to think about, all right? So you see larger pieces fitting in within smaller pieces here. Does everyone see that? Which is impossible. You can see the two kids are looking out simultaneously out of two different directions at once. Now can you believe these two table tops are the same size and shape? They are. 	1
Non-governmental organizations are active in creating awareness among people of the needs of older persons.	0
And I think -- so I want to throw a perspective that I have, so that we can assess this project, or any other project, for that matter, to see whether it's contributing or -- contributing to poverty or trying to alleviate it. 	1
Programmes to provide social and housing support are reported in several countries; they often feature cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the Government in meeting the needs of this rapidly growing population.	0
In many countries, such as Bangladesh, Eritrea, India and the United Republic of Tanzania, early marriage and subsequent early childbearing not only are health risks to young women but also prevent their full social development and reduce the contribution that each individual can make to social development and community life.	0
Every maternal death has to be reported to a committee for a review of underlying causes and methods of future prevention.	0
But you know, they have, after all, evolved in a country without telephones, so they are decentralized. I mean, of course there might be other good reasons, but this was one of the reasons -- they had to be. 	1
UNAIDS also gives a high priority to efforts to develop, advocate and implement best practices in combating the epidemic; 19 such best practices have now been issued by UNAIDS, which has brought together scientists at regional workshops to improve surveillance.	0
And two dollars profit per entrepreneur per day, which is like 700 dollars per year. 	1
Demographic and health surveys were most frequently mentioned in the questionnaire as sources of information.	0
And it's beginning to tell us a lot about evolution. 	1
Through its efforts, a network of seven legal rights training officers has been created to improve the understanding and protection of human rights in the region.	0
And by now you should be getting a hint as to how diverse and how important and how interesting this journey into life is, and how many different life forms there are, and how there can be different life forms living in very different places, maybe even outside of this planet. 	1
The institution selected would be given some modest assistance to strengthen its services to other developing countries.	0
When you do that, the cow gives birth to a gaur. 	1
According to those procedures, nominations shall be sought from the Governments of Board member countries, UNICEF representatives, regional directors and other secretariat offices and National Committees for UNICEF, and the Bureau shall review all nominations.	0
And in other places, like Maryland, they're trying to figure out what the primordial ancestor is. 	1
A/AC.237/MISC.46 Consideration of the establishment of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of questions regarding implementation (Article 13): submissions from delegations relating to Article 13	0
This is what's been powering the U.S. economy. It's Moore's Law. 	1
And that's the triangle between Salk, Scripps, UCSD, and it's called Torrey Pines Road. 	1
In a knowledge society, that number is now 427 to 1. 	1
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 7 4	0
And it turns out that if you went back to the 1870s, the most productive nation on earth was Australia, per person. 	1
And New Zealand was way up there. And then the U.S. came in about 1950, and then Switzerland about 1973, and then the U.S. got back on top -- beat up their chocolates and cuckoo clocks. 	1
And today, of course, you all know that the most productive nation on earth is Luxembourg, producing about one third more wealth per person per year than America. 	1
Not integrated circuits: Indians and Chinese. 	1
And this doesn't include fusions or name changes or changes in flags. 	1
♫ Oh please me right, 'cause ♫ ♫ My mind won't stop ♫ ♫ And my heart says go ♫ ♫ Nobody knows how to hold me ♫ ♫ My mind won't stop -- and my heart says go-ooooo ... ♫ ♫ Good things must be here -- yes, right here ♫ ♫ Here, right here, right here ♫ ♫ I won't live this life forever ♫ ♫ One time round is all the offer is ♫ 	1
The Chairman expressed his appreciation to the participants for their constructive cooperation and declared the fourth session of the AG13 closed. Annex I	0
That's an inconvenience compared to having both of them gone." 	1
A/AC.237/59 Consideration of the establishment of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of questions regarding implementation (Article 13)	0
He sat at a table with seven or eight of these other guys. 	1
So I'm going to show you now, without the skin on it, a 30-second piece, and then I'm done. 	1
Such conclusions and recommendations will include, as appropriate, elements relating to:	0
So in planning to be a professional naturalist -- I never considered anything else in my entire life -- I found that I was lousy at bird watching and couldn't track frog calls either. 	1
The great majority of organisms on Earth remain unknown to science. 	1
In accordance with the conclusions of the AG13 at its fourth session, the main document for the session will be the multilateral consultative process found in annex II of the final report of the fourth session (FCCC/AG13/1997/2).	0
But that is changing rapidly with the aid of new genomic technology. 	1
Soon we will be in a position to go forth in the field with sequencers on our backs -- to hunt bacteria in tiny crevices of the habitat's surface in the way you go watching for birds with binoculars. 	1
We need to have the biosphere properly explored so that we can understand and competently manage it. 	1
It is an encyclopedia that lives on the Internet and is contributed to by thousands of scientists around the world. 	1
(b) Organization of the work of the session;	0
The press is certainly a business, and in order to survive it must be a successful business, but the right balance must be found between marketing considerations and journalistic responsibility. 	1
(c) Recognized that, at its next session, the Group would consider whether any adjustment to the framework compilation in annex II would need to be made, in light of any outcome by the COP, at its third session, of the negotiations on the development of a protocol or another legal instrument;	0
I had to use it, channel its energy, turn it into something that would clarify my vision, instead of clouding it. 	1
Annex I DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON ARTICLE 13 AT ITS FIFTH SESSION	0
FCCC/AG13/1996/MISC.2 Responses to questionnaire relating to the establishment and Add.1 of a multilateral consultative process: Submissions by intergovernmental and non-governmental bodies	0
I'm a witness, and I want my testimony to be honest and uncensored. 	1
The Committee shall comprise [government representatives] [persons nominated by governments, acting in their individual capacity] who are experts [in social, economic, legal, technical, scientific and technological, and/or environmental fields] [with relevant knowledge] in the field of the Convention.	0
When the story was published, unsolicited donations poured in. 	1
(a) Appropriate [assistance], [support] and [encouragement]; and	0
I tried to tell the story through the work of caregivers. 	1
After enduring extreme pain and trauma, the wounded face a grueling physical and psychological struggle in rehab. 	1
Professor Bolin informed the AGBM that two more technical papers would be issued in early 1997 and regretted that these were not yet available to the Group.	0
I thought in getting up to my TED wish I would try to begin by putting in perspective what I try to do and how it fits with what they try to do. 	1
At the 3rd meeting, on 10 December, statements were made on behalf of environmental non-governmental organizations and by a representative of local governments.	0
Even in wealthy countries it is common now to see inequality growing. 	1
Unstable because of the threats of terror, weapons of mass destruction, the spread of global disease and a sense that we are vulnerable to it in a way that we weren't not so many years ago. 	1
And perhaps most important of all, it is unsustainable because of climate change, resource depletion and species destruction. 	1
And it occurred to me that in this whole non-governmental world, somebody needs to be thinking about organizing public goods markets. 	1
Today these low prices are available in the 25 countries where we work, and in a total of 62 countries, and about 550,000 people are getting the benefits of them. 	1
But the money is there to reach others. 	1
This suggested that at the next session, with the help of the framework compilation to be prepared by the Chairman, the AGBM could look forward to more concrete discussions and to developing a negotiating text.	0
As poor as Haiti is, in the area where Farmer's clinic is active -- and they serve a catchment area far greater than the medical professionals they have would indicate they could serve -- since 1988, they have not lost one person to tuberculosis, not one. 	1
The provisional agenda has been recast from those proposed at previous sessions to reflect the shift in emphasis towards negotiations so that the terms of the Berlin Mandate can be successfully fulfilled by the third session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 3).	0
That's 80 percent of the people who need treatment in this area. 	1
The main result of the session must be agreement on a negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.	0
There's a couple of guys from southern farming families -- the first thing I did when I went out to this place was to get down on my hands and knees and dig in the dirt and see what they'd done with it. 	1
 And I thought, "How could I not have known this before? 	1
So I said, "Well, Mom and Dad, what about Santa Claus? 	1
 Now, this was actually not that upsetting to me. 	1
 Now, I didn't know it at the time, but I really wasn't turning seven on September 10th. 	1
 You can't put a video of myself in front of me and expect me not to fix my hair. 	1
And they looked at each other and smiled, And then they said, "Do you believe that we're all brothers and sisters on this planet?" 	1
C. Methodological issues 57 22 INTRODUCTION	0
And I was so relieved that it was a question I could answer so quickly. 	1
8.2 "Convention" means the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, adopted at New York on 9 May 1992.	0
But no -- it wasn't any of these gifts. 	1
A certain balance shall be maintained between policies and measures aimed at reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in emitting sectors and those aimed at reducing consumption of their products.	0
I take shelter in God's love when I don't understand why tragedy hits, and I feel God's love when I look with gratitude at all the beauty I see." 	1
For purposes of this paragraph 1, "loss of income" shall be liberally interpreted.	0
On a Thursday, I sent out a link to a website that featured those clips to 17 of my closest friends, as part of an invitation to my -- an invitation to my th -- th -- 26th birthday party. 	1
An amendment adopted in accordance with paragraph 2 shall enter into force for those Parties having ratified or accepted it on the ninetieth day after the date of receipt by the Depositary of an instrument of ratification or acceptance by at least three fourths of the Parties.	0
Look, I'll move around and say some things. 	1
44.1 Any Party to the Convention may propose annexes to this Protocol, and amendments to annexes to this Protocol.	0
 I don't really understand why you're laughing. 	1
Such annexes shall be restricted to lists, forms and any other material of a descriptive nature that is of a scientific, technical, procedural, or administrative character.	0
 And this is great because, you know, for a quarter, you can play this for a long time. 	1
It's so hard to use some software because, you know, it's unapproachable, people feel like they have to read the manual. 	1
He further observed that, whilst additional proposals could be accepted after 1 June, these should fall within the conceptual framework of the text prepared by that deadline.	0
C. Organization of the work of future sessions	0
We had decidedly low-tech communications. 	1
The Group agreed that the deadline for the submission of new proposals for incorporation in the negotiating text should be set at 1 April 1997 and that the names of the proposing Parties should no longer be included in the text.	0
There's a wire dangling down either side. 	1
The documents prepared for the AGBM at its sixth session are listed in the annex below.	0
I could see vividly, I suppose, being filmed out of the door of a helicopter, there was, kind of, rock music playing in the background, and I had a ski pole with a Union Jack, you know, flying in the wind. 	1
This can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1.	0
No one has made a complete crossing of the Arctic Ocean on their own. 	1
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SIXTH SESSION	0
All I could think about was running back up to the door, banging on the door, and saying, "Look guys, I haven't quite thought this through." 	1
I had to pull one, leave it, and go back and get the other one. 	1
Some pretty radical technology, a radical approach --but it worked perfectly. 	1
The plane taxied up to where I was standing. 	1
IGBP International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme	0
 Taxied up and down the runway a few times, just to flatten it out a bit, and he said, "Right, I'm going to -- I'm going to give it a go." And he -- I've now learned that this is standard practice, but it had me worried at the time. 	1
The definitions contained in Article 1 of the Convention shall apply.	0
When a user screams into scream buddy, their scream is silenced. 	1
"Greenhouse gas emission mitigation certificate" an environmental mechanism and financial instrument by means of which the Annex I Parties can demonstrate their contribution as financial partners in the implementation of joint implementation projects, making it possible to reduce global emissions that cause the greenhouse effect, generating overall environmental benefits that make themselves felt through the certification of metric tons of carbon equivalent offset, which, taken together, represents the value of the investment made in mitigation.	0
That there's really a fabrication and an instrumentation divide bigger than the digital divide. 	1
In their actions to achieve the objective of the Protocol and to implement its provisions, the Parties shall be guided by the principles enumerated in Article 3 of the Convention.	0
We so often don't realize what our action and our inaction does to people we think we will never see and never know. 	1
Parties listed in Annex I to the Convention [OR Annex X of this agreement] shall adopt and implement policies and take corresponding measures within national, and, where appropriate, regional programmes, established in accordance with paragraphs 4.1(b) and 4.2(a) of the Convention in order to mitigate climate change by limiting greenhouse gases emissions and protecting and enhancing their greenhouse gas sinks and reservoirs.	0
We focused on a business model; we insisted on skin in the game. 	1
Additional elements of proposals with respect to policies and measures	0
Three: this is a good road in -- right near where our factory is located. 	1
Annex I Parties shall maintain balance between those policies and measures intended to reduce domestic production and those intended to reduce the consumption of products of greenhouse gas emitting sectors.	0
Today, three years later, the company has employed another thousand women. 	1
But one late night, when I was compiling the report, I really realized my discovery. 	1
(bis) Process for setting of QELROs and review of QELROs under Article 7(a) (see paragraph 175) for each of the Parties or groups of Parties listed in Annex A:	0
They would be right half of the cases. But the students are not there. 	1
(c) In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose members is also a Party to the instrument, the following provisions shall apply:	0
Let's move over to another way here in which we could display This is the world distribution of income of people. 	1
The Parties listed in Annex I to the Convention shall further cooperate to ensure that their total aggregate [annual average] net emissions of greenhouse gases for the second period from [20 _ to 20_ ] is [ _ ] per cent lower than their total aggregate emissions of greenhouse gases for [19_ ] [the period from 19_ to 19_ ].	0
We look upon it as a possibility of percentile increase. 	1
(b) An indicator reflecting level of greenhouse gas emissions, defined as the share of CO2 equivalent emissions per capita;	0
The Protocol shall establish legally-binding QELROs for each Party to this Protocol.	0
There is an uncertainty margin, but we can see the difference here: Cambodia, Singapore. The differences are much bigger than the weakness of the data. 	1
For each Annex [*] Party, the allocation of commitments shall be based on the five year annual average of CO2 equivalent base emissions.	0
(d) Any tonnes of carbon equivalent emissions allowed that are acquired from another Party under Article 6 (international emissions trading) (see paragraphs 136-136.2) or Article 7 (joint implementation) (see paragraphs 143-143.6); and minus	0
The poorest are down there. If I split South Africa, it's like this. 	1
Each Party included in Annex I to the Convention shall achieve the objectives contained in paragraphs 121 and 121.1 above, taking fully into account the social and economic impacts of these response measures on Parties included in Article 4.8 of the Convention, in accordance with Article 3.5.	0
We have wonderful design tools, and more and more are added up here. 	1
Because what I've been doing for the last four years -- really since the first time you saw me -- some of you saw me at TED when I was talking about religion -- and in the last four years, I've been working just about non-stop on this topic. 	1
A meeting of the Parties may further elaborate guidelines to facilitate the reporting of emissions trading information.	0
I want to say, no, religions are an important natural phenomenon. 	1
In addition to any criteria adopted by the Parties to this Protocol, the following criteria shall apply to projects:	0
One reviewer for a Roman Catholic newspaper called it "totalitarian." 	1
(b) Projects must provide a reduction in emissions that is additional to any that would otherwise occur.	0
Is it totalitarian to require reading, writing and arithmetic? 	1
Parties participating in joint implementation projects shall, on the basis of joint agreement and in accordance with their contributions, have the right to share among themselves the outcomes of the greenhouse gas emission reduction and/or sink enhancement (in terms of tonnes of carbon equivalent or some other agreed basis) achieved by the projects.	0
Cows couldn't live without human stewards -- they're domesticated. 	1
(c) A methodology must be established to estimate and evaluate the effectiveness of the measures adopted to limit emissions and enhance the removal or mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions in each particular project;	0
Each Party not so listed shall make its initial communication within three years of the entry into force of the Protocol for that Party.	0
Within twelve months of the entry into force of this Protocol for that Party and on or before [the] 15th [day of] April of each year thereafter, shall submit to the Conference of the Parties, through the secretariat, a certificate signed by a duly authorized official of that Party, which contains the following information:	0
And it turns the mouse into Mighty Mouse, makes it fearless, so it runs out in the open, where it'll be eaten by a cat. 	1
Information communicated by Parties pursuant to paragraph 158 shall be transmitted by the secretariat as soon as possible to each of the Parties to the Convention.	0
In addition to the information required to be submitted under paragraph 163.3, each Annex A and Annex B Party shall submit to the secretariat, on an annual basis and in accordance with the guidelines referred to in paragraph 163.3, its current calculation corresponding to each of the subparagraphs in Article 2.2 (see paragraph 119.1) and its remaining emissions budget for that budget period.	0
The book is clear, vivid, accessible, beautifully formatted. 	1
The instrument should use the same reporting channel and procedural methods as the Convention.	0
Any Party not included in Annex I to the Convention that has expressed its intention to be bound by Article 4.2(a) and (b) of the Convention in accordance with Article 4.2(g) of the Convention, may in its instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession to this Protocol, or at any time thereafter, notify the Depositary that it intends to be bound by Articles 3 to 5 (see paragraphs 110 and 174, 204-204.3 and 154-154.2) of this Protocol.	0
Because I'm absolutely sincere in my appreciation of all that I said about this book. 	1
The Depositary shall inform the other signatories and Parties of any such notification.	0
Here's a passage -- it's very much what he said, anyway: "If there was no God we would all be accidents, the result of astronomical random chance in the Universe. 	1
Existing mechanisms in the Convention, including review, assessment and financing, shall apply to the commitments adopted by the protocol/another legal instrument.	0
Here's one: "God deliberately shaped and formed you to serve him in a way that makes your ministry unique. 	1
The review of this protocol/another legal instrument shall be undertaken under Article 4.2(d) of the Convention.	0
He carefully mixed the DNA cocktail that created you." 	1
(d) Parties to identify and agree to implement strategies to ensure climate change considerations are taken into account in all relevant Government policy areas and initiatives and include an evaluation of the effects thereof in national communications (Article (4.1(f));	0
I've got one more problem, then I'm through. 	1
(ii) International programmes related to climate change, such as the World Climate Programme and the forthcoming Climate Agenda proposal, as well as the System for Analysis, Research and Training (START) initiative of the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) and the scientific and educational programmes of WMO and UNEP as they are developed.	0
Not just by learning principles, you got in it and you did it so often that it became real. 	1
The functions of the meeting of the Parties shall be to:	0
A team of experts commissioned by the secretariat shall review the information of each Party submitted in accordance with paragraph 1 (see paragraph 159) above.	0
So the bottom line is, maybe it was where to go to work, and you met the love of your life there, a career decision. 	1
They will prepare a report assessing a Party's implementation of its obligations, identifying any areas of apparent non-compliance, as well as potential problems in achieving obligations.	0
But what was his decision of what to focus on? 	1
The Conference of the Parties shall, at its first session after the entry into force of the Protocol, establish a multilateral consultative process including an Implementation Committee to review, at the request of a Party or Parties, the secretariat, or a Party in respect of itself, compliance with its obligations under the Protocol.	0
To influence somebody, we need to know what already influences them. 	1
The review procedure shall be simple, facilitative, cooperative, non-judicial and transparent.	0
First, what's your target? What are you after? 	1
Any Party to the Convention may propose amendments to this Protocol.	0
Third human need, critical: significance. 	1
These first four needs, every human finds a way to meet. 	1
Each Party to the Protocol shall have one vote, except as provided for in [paragraph 232.1] [the paragraphs] below.	0
I set focus on "There's food." What a concept! 	1
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to the Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under the Protocol.	0
The instrument shall enter into force in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Convention.	0
The operating system tells you how to get there, and some people's map is, "I'm going to save lives even if I die for other people," and they're a fireman, and somebody else says, "I'm going to kill people to do it." 	1
And he said, "You're probably wondering how on Earth this could happen to you twice. 	1
From now on, every day, give your all, love your all. 	1
I'd love to hold your hand and say I'm sorry, but frankly, this is retribution." 	1
So, transformation can happen. My invitation to you is: explore your web, the web in here -- the needs, the beliefs, the emotions that are controlling you, for two reasons: so there's more of you to give, and achieve, too, but I mean give, because that's what's going to fill you up. And secondly, so you can appreciate -- not just understand, that's intellectual, that's the mind, but appreciate what's driving other people. 	1
(d) Promotion and development of renewable sources of energy, including solar, nuclear and biomass, and ensuring that all countries have access to related material, equipment and technology through removal of all restrictions; and	0
What other way would there be to be better off? 	1
These could include voluntary agreements with the car industry, complementary measures aimed at developing the market for fuel efficient, low CO2 emitting cars as well as alternative fuels and fuel economy labelling;	0
"I don't have one minute's regret. It was a glorious experience." Glorious! 	1
Natural happiness is what we get when we get what we wanted, and synthetic happiness is what we make when we don't get what we wanted. 	1
The message of the campaign could be based on the outcomes of the Second Assessment Report, and further reports of the IPCC and could focus on individual consumption patterns.	0
Each Party listed in Annex I to the Convention shall implement the campaign and may cooperate with any other Parties in doing so.	0
You're watching happiness be synthesized. 	1
(i) Voluntary agreements with the car industry; and	0
(ii) Minimum taxation target rates, with an effective multilateral consultative process for reviewing taxation rates and possible exemptions, and monitoring the effects of taxes in reducing emissions;	0
And yet, all of us have this psychological immune system, this capacity to synthesize happiness, but some of us do this trick better than others. 	1
(f) Increase of CO2 reduction potentials by combining technologies for the use of renewable energies with measures for energy-saving and efficient energy use (for example better heating insulation and use of solar energy);	0
You ever want to change your mind, it's totally returnable." 	1
(m) Removal of obstacles to the rational use of energy.	0
After all, it seems obvious that the Earth is large and motionless, the Sun, small and mobile. 	1
(f) Improvement of the energy efficiency of plants for the provision of low temperature heat (for example industrial cogeneration plant, heating boilers or similar devices) and other small combustion plants, and regular examination of such plants;	0
As an evolutionary biologist, I'd say this: our brains have evolved to help us survive within the orders of magnitude, of size and speed which our bodies operate at. 	1
(a) Avoid, as far as possible, the use of fluorocarbons in testing procedures;	0
And because different species live in different worlds, there will be a discomforting variety of "reallys." 	1
● Economic instruments which influence land use decisions, land use and mobility patterns.	0
How shall we interpret "queerer than we can suppose?" 	1
(c) Research and development on new generation city vehicles.	0
No other ingredients at all. We're just made of cells, about 100 trillion of them. 	1
(d) Reduction of emissions and leakages of methane; and	0
How many of you here, if somebody -- some smart aleck -- starts telling you how a particular magic trick is done, you sort of want to block your ears and say, "No, no, I don't want to know! 	1
An annex would elaborate the parameters for an international review of implementation of commitments under the Protocol.	0
And where your eye isn't looking, you're remarkably impoverished in your vision. 	1
(b) Organization of the work of the session	0
You think the detail's there, but it isn't there. 	1
A list of documents relating to the provisional agenda, as well as other documents available at the session, is contained in annex I below.	0
Let's just do this experiment very quickly. 	1
The Chairman will invite Parties to negotiate on the text of each section - or parts or groups thereof - and to refrain from general statements of position.	0
This is a figure that I love: Bradley, Petrie, and Dumais. 	1
The main result of the session must be a further streamlined negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.	0
Well, you know, in effect, the boundary's really there, in a certain sense. 	1
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SEVENTH SESSION	0
Can you see the four ways of seeing the cube? 	1
FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.1 Implementation of the Berlin Mandate: Proposals	0
Your brain just lets it go. The brain doesn't need to fill that in. 	1
And keep going, until the subject presses the button, saying, "I see the change." 	1
The AGBM, at its 1st meeting, on 31 July, adopted the following agenda:	0
I see that you're clutching a teddy bear, etc., etc. 	1
However, that's just, you know, the initial idea I may have that we all get when we actually look, and we try to interpret, but actually it's so unbelievably shallow. 	1
This report can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1.	0
So therefore, this in turn meant that there was an extremely interesting bunch of students who arrived in these various music institutions. 	1
If we see someone in a wheelchair, we assume they cannot walk. 	1
4. Report to the third session of the Conference of the Parties and related matters.	0
If I asked you to clap -- maybe I can do this. 	1
8. As has been the practice in the two previous sessions, the Chairman will continue to use informal consultations ("non-groups") as vehicles to advance negotiations on the various elements of the text.	0
Listen, listen, listen. Now -- what can we do with thunder? 	1
“Party” means, unless the text otherwise indicates, a Party to this Protocol.	0
But at the same time, we realize that our products are not safe and healthy. 	1
The Meeting of the Parties may adopt such other definitions as may be required for the purposes of this Protocol.	0
So we've designed products and we analyzed chemicals down to the parts per million. 	1
The Meeting of the Parties may take further action, as appropriate, to promote the implementation of the provisions of this subparagraph;	0
Air quality is an obvious thing to anyone who breathes. 	1
The Meeting of the Parties shall, as soon as practicable, make recommendations on the definition of such performance indicators, taking into account relevant work being done by other bodies.	0
And if we remember Sheikh Yamani when he formed OPEC, they asked him, "When will we see the end of the age of oil?" 	1
(b) Co-operate bilaterally and multilaterally in identifying and agreeing on specific means and approaches to foster bilateral, regional and global co-operation to mitigate, and facilitate adequate adaptation to, climate change by formulating and implementing relevant programmes of measures referred to in subparagraph (a) above, giving special consideration to supporting measures which favour the economic development of developing country Parties and minimizing adverse effects on other Parties, especially developing country Parties and in particular those identified in Article 4.8 of the Convention.	0
They'll have cities with no energy and no food. 	1
Exercise any other such functions as may be required for the implementation of this Protocol, including any functions that may be assigned to it by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention.	0
The waters are all taken in to construct the wetlands for habitat restorations. 	1
The adopted amendment shall be communicated by the secretariat to the Depositary, who shall circulate it to all Parties for their acceptance.	0
Enhancement of energy efficiency in all sectors, including the energy production and transformation, industrial, transport, residential and commercial and agricultural sectors.	0
But that is not the -- and that's not the part that's really most similar to the Web. 	1
He questioned whether, without deliberate measures to stimulate the transfer of climate-friendly technologies, such technologies would be available to developing countries.	0
 And there was no off switch, so it wasn't very good. 	1
This is what it looks like under my desk. 	1
Try to get DSL installed in your house. 	1
So we're not -- we're pretty kludge-y ourselves. 	1
7. At the 1st meeting of the AGBM, on 22 October, the Chairman recalled that services would be available for two parallel meetings, with interpretation, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.	0
Statements were made by representatives of nine Parties, and by the Executive Secretary.	0
The AGBM took note of his intention to propose, in his oral report to the Conference of the Parties at its third session (see para. 23 below), that the Chairmen of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation make a joint proposal to the eighth sessions of those bodies on the allocation to them of preparatory work to enable the first session of the Meeting of the Parties after the entry into force of the protocol to accomplish the tasks assigned to it by the protocol.	0
I will get uptown gurus, downtown teachers, broke-ass artists and dealers, and Filipino preachers, leaf blowers, bartenders, boob-job doctors, hooligans, garbage men, your local Congressmen in the spotlight, guys in the overhead helicopters. 	1
25. Statements on the work of the session were made by representatives of nine Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States, one speaking on behalf of the African Group, and one speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island States.	0
A gold-plated, oversized key to the city and that is all I need, 'cause if I get that, I can unlock the air. 	1
That meant that many important elements still remained unresolved by the Group, including agreement on the treatment of sinks, and differentiation.	0
Do we really believe that God is the kind of male boss that we've been presenting in our worship and in our liturgies over all these years? 	1
The Chairman noted that a fourth issue under negotiation, the treatment of sinks, had been the subject of intersessional work.	0
Now the unchanging God feels a bit cold and indifferent to me. 	1
Mr. La Viña noted that, in response to his questionnaire circulated at the sixth meeting (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19), a number of Parties had submitted proposals (see documents FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.4 and Add.1-2).	0
The slaughter of millions in the trenches and in the death camps have caused people to ask, "Where is God in all this? 	1
It had been announced that an open-ended group of interested Parties would meet immediately before the resumption of the AGBM (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19).	0
And the answer was, "God is in this with us, or God doesn't deserve our allegiance anymore." 	1
Statements were made by representatives of four Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.	0
We have a pram service on Tuesday mornings for mums and their pre-school children. 	1
The Group requested the Rapporteur, under the guidance of the Chairman and with the assistance of the secretariat, to finalize the report of the second part of the eighth session.Annex	0
Does God have a plan for each of us? Is God in control? 	1
FCCC/CP/1997/2/Add.1 Revised text under negotiation - addendum	0
Or a powerless lover, watching with infinite compassion things God is unable to control or change? 	1
(e) Admission of organizations as observers;	0
If we believe something like this, we must let go of the puppet-master completely, take our leave of the almighty controller, abandon traditional models. 	1
(c) Proposals to amend Annexes I and II.	0
In presence and in absence. In simplicity and complexity. 	1
This will confirm which States are Parties to the Convention and therefore eligible to participate in decision-making.	0
Only doubts and questioning and uncertainty. 	1
(iii) Election of other officers of subsidiary bodies	0
Creationists, lacking any coherent scientific argument for their case, fall back on the popular phobia against atheism: Teach your children evolution in biology class, and they'll soon move on to drugs, grand larceny and sexual "pre-version." 	1
The first plenary meeting will next start consideration of item 3 (a), under which the Chairmen of the subsidiary bodies will introduce their reports including the decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies.	0
My approach to attacking creationism is -- unlike the evolution lobby -- my approach to attacking creationism is to attack religion as a whole. 	1
The COP may wish to confirm this schedule and ask the Bureau of the COP to keep the dates under review, bearing in mind that commercial facilities are to be contracted.	0
Bush's bigotry was not an isolated mistake, blurted out in the heat of the moment and later retracted. 	1
(b) Development and transfer of technologies	0
And from a meta-analysis of the literature, Bell concludes that, I quote -- "Of 43 studies carried out since 1927 on the relationship between religious belief, and one's intelligence or educational level, all but four found an inverse connection. 	1
On 21 May 1997, Pakistan, at the request of Turkey, submitted a proposal to delete the name of Turkey from the lists of Parties included in Annexes I and II to the Convention through the review process envisaged in Article 4.2(f).	0
What happened was that Aveling's mistress was Marx's daughter, and when both Darwin and Marx were dead, Marx's papers became muddled up with Aveling's papers, and a letter from Darwin saying, "My dear sir, thank you very much but I don't want you to dedicate your book to me," was mistakenly supposed to be addressed to Marx, and that gave rise to this whole myth, which you've probably heard. 	1
Any other matters relating to implementation of the Convention may be considered by the COP under this sub-item.	0
Darwin complained, "But why should you be so aggressive?" 	1
The proposal was sent out to all Parties, signatories and, for information, to the Depositary in a note verbale dated 29 May 1997.	0
The list of things which we strictly have to be agnostic about doesn't stop at tooth fairies and teapots; it's infinite. 	1
A high-level segment to be attended by ministers and other heads of delegation has been scheduled for those recommended dates.	0
When atheists like Stephen Hawking and Albert Einstein use the word "God," they use it of course as a metaphorical shorthand for that deep, mysterious part of physics which we don't yet understand. 	1
In view of the number of Parties and the time available for statements during the ministerial segment, it will be necessary to limit the duration of each statement to some five minutes.	0
Now, I said that if I were religious, I'd be very afraid of evolution -- I'd go further: I would fear science in general, if properly understood. 	1
It refers to items of the provisional agenda for which additional information is presented, but does not repeat information included in the annotations to the provisional agenda.	0
And the way he decided to support that work was by shipping over 50,000 shipping containers of Google snacks. 	1
The COP will be invited to adopt the decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies without further discussion, with the exception of:	0
 Luckily, I was the recipient of the TED Prize this year. 	1
Before the adoption of draft decision 1 (a) in annex II below, on cooperation with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the President will give the floor to the Chairman Emeritus of the IPCC, Professor Bert Bolin, who will make a statement.	0
Statements by observers should conform to a somewhat shorter time limit.	0
And so I'm going to talk a little bit about that, keeping in mind that we have a lot on the program here. 	1
A minimum of 250 copies should be provided to ensure at least one copy per delegation, as well as copies for observer states.	0
It climbs up to the top, and it falls, and it climbs, and it falls, and it climbs -- trying to stay at the very top of the blade of grass. 	1
Development and transfer of technologies	0
I'm responsible for what I say about memes. 	1
Sometimes when people say, "Do memes exist?" 	1
(d) Annex to the Memorandum of Understanding on the determination of funding necessary and available for the implementation of the Convention (see document FCCC/SBI/1997/21, annex I, 6);	0
And there were lots of widows and orphans, people like that, who needed a foster home. 	1
And they just wiped out -- these pathogens just wiped out the native people, who had no immunity to them at all. 	1
List of documents for the third session of the Conference of the Parties	0
Yesterday, a number of people -- Nicholas Negroponte and others -- spoke about all the wonderful things that are happening when our ideas get spread out, thanks to all the new technology all over the world. 	1
Report of the Global Environment Facility to the Conference of the Parties at its third session	0
(iv) Phasing out of market imperfections, fiscal incentives, tax exemptions and subsidies in all greenhouse gas emitting sectors that run counter to the objective of the Convention; and	0
We also have a program already called Google Grants that now serves over 150 different charities around the world, and these are some of the charities that are on there. 	1
And it's something I'm very excited to be a part of. 	1
You can see, even though the U.S. is still the majority here -- though, by the way, search-wise, it's only about 30 percent of our traffic -- but it's already going to Japan, and the U.K., and Europe, and all the rest of the countries. 	1
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by this Protocol and which has informed the secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Meeting of the Parties as an observer, may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present object.	0
And mostly, I want to persuade you that we have to do better if we're going to continue the project of civilization in America. 	1
There are a lot of ways you can describe this. 	1
The text of any proposed amendment to this Protocol shall be communicated to the Parties by the secretariat at least six months before the session at which it is proposed for adoption.	0
4. Instruments of acceptance in respect of an amendment shall be deposited with the Depositary. An amendment adopted in accordance with paragraph 3 above shall enter into force for those Parties having accepted it on the ninetieth day after the date of receipt by the Depositary of an instrument of acceptance by at least three fourths of the Parties to this Protocol.15	0
We have about, you know, 38,000 places that are not worth caring about in the United States today. 	1
It is emphatically an outdoor public room. 	1
You know, in these places in other cultures, people just go there voluntarily because they like them. 	1
Attachments to this Protocol shall form an integral part thereof and, unless otherwise expressly provided, a reference to this Protocol constitutes at the same time a reference to any attachments thereto.	0
The adoption and entry into force of attachments, and amendments to attachments, shall be in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 20, provided that a proposed amendment to the commitment of any Party as set out in an attachment may be adopted only with the specific consent of that Party.	0
A public place so dismal that the winos don't even want to go there.  And we can't fix it because I.M. Pei's still alive, and every year Harvard and M.I.T. have a joint committee to repair it. 	1
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to this Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under this Protocol.	0
You can see exactly what went on, three o'clock in the morning at the design meeting. 	1
So you have this one last facade of the house, the front, which is really a cartoon of a facade of a house. 	1
And we should have started two days before yesterday. 	1
These rules of procedure shall apply to any session of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention convened in accordance with Article 7 of the Convention.	0
Then when you exit the IMAX theatre on the fourth floor -- mostly teenagers coming out of there -- there's this big open space that has these tables in it that have interactive games which are quite fun, also designed by Durrell [Bishop] and Andrew [Hirniak] of Itch. 	1
There's lots of room, so people can come up and understand what it is before they get involved. 	1
4. "Session" means any ordinary or extraordinary session of the Conference of the Parties convened in accordance with Article 7 of the Convention;	0
Scott Adams ran into us and asked us if we wouldn't help to design the ultimate cubicle for Dilbert, which sounded like a fun thing and so we couldn't pass it up. 	1
The sessions of the Conference of the Parties shall take place at the seat of the secretariat, unless the Conference of the Parties decides otherwise or other appropriate arrangements are made by the secretariat in consultation with the Parties.	0
Woman: You feel so trapped, when someone kind of leans over and you're sort of held captive there for a minute. 	1
In agreement with the President, the secretariat shall draft the provisional agenda of each session.	0
It's called Spyfish, and it's a company called H2Eye, started by Nigel Jagger in London. 	1
It becomes your eyes and ears as you venture into the deep. 	1
An alternate representative or an adviser may act as a representative upon designation by the head of delegation.	0
So with seed-squeezers, and pumps, and hay-balers and very straightforward things that we're designing -- my students are doing this as class projects and IDEO has donated their time to do this kind of work -- it's really amazing to see his success, Martin's. 	1
(d) Make and arrange for keeping of sound recordings of the session;	0
It was one of the best issues ever. And they talked about the neuron and development and disease and vision and all the things you might want to know about brains. It was really quite impressive. 	1
As a general rule, no proposal shall be discussed or put to the vote at any meeting unless copies of it have been circulated to delegations not later than the day preceding the meeting.	0
Permission to speak on a motion to reconsider shall be accorded only to the mover and one other supporter, after which it shall be put immediately to the vote.	0
Normal science is a nice balance between theory and experimentalists. 	1
Some people say, brains can't understand brains. 	1
It shall be taken in the English alphabetical order of the names of the Parties participating in the session, beginning with the Party whose name is drawn by lot by the President.	0
And so, if some people have fallen into the pit of metaphysical dualism, some really smart people, too, but we can reject all that. 	1
My daughters understood these three theories in their basic framework by the time they were in kindergarten. 	1
2. If the number of candidates obtaining such majority is less than the number of persons or delegations to be elected, there shall be additional ballots to fill the remaining places, the voting being restricted to the candidates obtaining the greatest number of votes in the previous ballot, to a number not more than twice the places remaining to be filled, provided that, after the third inconclusive ballot, votes may be cast for any eligible person or delegation.	0
It can attack. It can do all kinds of stuff. 	1
And these things happen all the time. You're making these predictions. 	1
Latvia does not have a specific policy to mitigate climate change but includes climate policy within a combination of environmental policy and development strategies in various economic sectors.	0
And when you look at people, your eyes are caught over at two to three times a second. 	1
Official development assistance has been fluctuating between 0.30 and 0.34 per cent of GNP since 1991.	0
You're going to more see things like, you know, intelligent cars that really understand what traffic is and what driving is and have learned that certain types of cars with the blinkers on for half a minute probably aren't going to turn, things like that. 	1
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-60850 English Page	0
And I'm most excited about how we're going to use them in science. 	1
Anthropogenic emissions of methane (CH4) in 1990 amounted to 406.3 kilotonnes, with 64 per cent occurring in the agricultural sector and 30 per cent from waste.	0
They just lay out on the surface of the sea and most people think they're sick or lazy, but that's a typical behavior, they lie out and bask on the surface. 	1
The team was impressed with the high use of bicycles and the road infrastructure for exclusive use by cyclists.	0
But unfortunately Molas, even though they don't school, they still get caught in nets as by-catch. 	1
The construction of bridges is planned to connect the domestic transport system and to link Denmark to Sweden and Germany, across the Great Belt, Øresund and the Femern Belt, respectively.	0
And in the Mediterranean, in the swordfish net fisheries, they make up up to 90 percent. 	1
So the great thing about the Mola is that when we put the tag on them -- if you look up here -- that's streaming off, that's right where we put the tag. 	1
Estonia's energy balance and greenhouse gas emissions are dominated by oil-shale, which accounts for about 95 per cent of electricity generation, one quarter of the heat requirements, three quarters of total energy-related CO2 emissions, and two thirds of methane emissions.	0
They plumb the depths down to 600 meters, in temperatures to one degree centigrade, and this is why you see them on the surface -- it's so cold down there. 	1
The in-depth review was carried out during the period January to September 1996 and included a visit to Helsinki from 29 January to 2 February of that year.	0
And I don't have any smart technology for you to look at. 	1
The team included experts from Thailand, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Russian Federation.	0
There are no slides, so you'll just have to be content with me. 	1
Scattered population and long distances to the export markets generate considerable transport needs.	0
And this is the Africa where people are looking for partnerships to do this. That's what I want to talk about today. 	1
There have also been some revisions in methodologies for CH4 and N2O compared to the communication.	0
The Government is, however, committed to restoring the previous level when the recession is considered over.	0
 What we started to do was to realize that we had to take charge and reform ourselves. 	1
The strategy of increasing fuel duties by an average of at least 5 per cent above the inflation rate every year is an important measure to reduce CO2 emissions.	0
As telecoms sector grew, housing and construction, and I could go on and on. And this is to illustrate to you that once you get the macro-economy straightened out, the opportunities in various other sectors are enormous. 	1
Understand that the woman who made it is going to be in Tanzania, where they're having the session in June. 	1
Some sectors and commodities (notably electricity, gas and heat for certain consumer groups) were not yet fully market based at the time of the visit.	0
So if you want to be in Africa, think about investing. 	1
Hungary reported on research and systematic observation carried out over many years in the climatic, meteorological and ecological areas.	0
They put smart skylights through their stores so they could harvest the daylight and reduce the lighting demands. 	1
The team noted that there are processes for involving non-governmental organizations (NGO) in implementing the Convention, and that a number of initiatives aim at improving public awareness.	0
Why does Wal-Mart matter? Well, it's massive. 	1
These are based on the IPCC guidelines and presented in a transparent manner with emphasis on areas where improvement is needed.	0
Those of us who care about all this would act better if we knew what the real costs were. 	1
This structural change, coupled with a sharp increase in private consumption, inevitably impacts on total energy requirements.	0
So, if all goes well, they're going to have designer bugs in warm vats that are eating and digesting sugars to excrete better biofuels. 	1
National inventories were prepared using the standard CORINAIR CORINAIR is the component dealing with air emissions inventories of the European Community's CORINE (Coordinated Information System on the State of Natural Resources and the Environment). methodology and converted to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) format.	0
And who would have thought that scientists trying to cure malaria could come up with breakthroughs in biofuels? 	1
The team noted the renewed support by departments concerned for existing energy conservation programmes, as well as Electricity Supply Board's (ESB) commitment to demand-side management (DSM) programmes.	0
Does anybody here have an answer for him? I don't. 	1
And we're all still trying to, I guess we're all trying to become TEDsters, if that's a modern form of enlightenment. 	1
The energy plan has been implemented through specific legislation, in particular Laws 9 and 10 of 1991.	0
What do they want from me? Like, who's that? 	1
Based on the new CORINAIR data, however, CO2 emissions were 0.4 per cent higher in 1994 than in 1990.	0
When you're no longer locked in yourself, and as the wisdom or the intelligence or the scientific knowledge of the nature of the world, that enables you to let your mind spread out, and empathize, and enhance the basic human ability of empathizing, and realizing that you are the other being, somehow by that opening, you can see the deeper nature of life. And you can, you get away from this terrible iron circle of I, me, me, mine, 	1
They constitute the enabling acts for energy supply-side (Law 9) and demand-side (Law 10) policies and the framework within which the Ministry of Industry and Energy formulates specific regulatory measures, tax incentive proposals and other specific measures directed towards the laws' objectives.	0
It's really too boring whether you feel like this or like that, or what, you know -- and the more you focus on how you feel, by the way, the worse it gets. 	1
Now, Jim's brain is memorizing the almanac. 	1
Since fuel prices in Luxembourg are lower than in neighbouring countries, "fuel tourism" accounts for a substantial share of petroleum products sales and makes a sizeable contribution to budget revenues (about 10 per cent).	0
During the review a considerable amount of information was provided to the team on public awareness and the dissemination of information regarding climate change, in particular through leaflets and information campaigns.	0
Fiscal incentives are in place for the installation of new equipment needed in the use of renewable sources of energy for domestic consumers.	0
When we think about how all this comes together, it's all about software, algorithms and math. 	1
Regulations related to energy management, building insulation, building acclimatization systems and equipment labelling and standards are part of the government's energy efficiency policy and likely to also limit CO2 emissions.	0
You know, we capture this imagery but to build the 3-D models we need to do geo-positioning. We need to do geo-registering of the images. 	1
A number of sectoral strategies have been established, including an energy sector strategy containing an environmental component, forestry management, and transport, although some of these strategies are still under development, and not yet approved by the Government.	0
Things are changing and today, on the United Nations Statistic Division Home Page, it says, by first of May, full access to the databases. 	1
These were elaborated on during the country visit, and possible topics for future research were identified.	0
And I would like to show that against child survival. 	1
The review team appreciates the difficulties faced by the Russian Federation to present a 1990 greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory due to the fact that in 1990 the Russian Federation did not exist as an independent state and the existing statistics do not allow for a clear breakdown of emissions among independent states which then formed the Soviet Union.	0
And that means United States was richer, but lost more kids than India is doing today, proportionally. 	1
Government officials recognize that methane emission levels from the natural gas industry are highly uncertain.	0
There's a discrepancy in what's happening today in the emerging economies. 	1
Subsequently, it was confirmed that the programme had been approved on 19 October 1996, although its full funding is not yet guaranteed.	0
And this is when great-grandma was born, 1863. 	1
GHG emissions in 1994 were 20 per cent lower than in 1990.	0
Though recent growth in GDP (7.4 per cent in 1995) has largely come from the service sector and small and medium-sized units, which are not in relative terms major contributors of GHGs, heavy and energy-intensive industry remains important, including in exports.	0
And I know 200, I know about the small data. 	1
In view of this, at its second session, the Conference of the Parties (COP) decided that the question of the division of labour between the SBI and the SBSTA should be taken up by the COP, at its third session, on the basis of recommendations made by the chairmen of the two subsidiary bodies.	0
What is this, what is this, what am I telling? 	1
In the present phase of consideration of this issue, it might be advisable if the SBSTA were to address all aspects of this issue, such as technology identification, assessment and development as well as transfer of technology.	0
Health I give two points. I mean it's nice to be healthy -- at my age especially -- you can stand here, you're healthy. 	1
Along the way we've discovered fantastic abysses and chambers so large that you can see for hundreds of meters without a break in the line of sight. 	1
And a lot of people ask me, you know, what kind of people do you get for a project like this? 	1
Annexes I. Table 1. Aggregate net long-term resource flows to	0
Otherwise it is completely dark in these places. 	1
Parties may wish to bear in mind that some of the policy aspects of this issue are under discussion in other forums, for example, the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development (UNCSD).	0
It's basically a nuclear-heated torpedo. 	1
These external flows went directly to domestic stock markets through pension funds, mutual funds and other investment vehicles.	0
And I hope you'll bear with me and have some faith that there's credibility behind what we're going to say here. 	1
Countries with macro-economic stability and an environment that is attractive to business have been able to attract private capital flows (mainly among middle income countries).	0
Multilateral lending institutions apply different conditions to their lending activities.	0
The way you normally build a system right now is you have a tube stack that has to be launched from the ground, and resist all kinds of aerodynamic forces. 	1
Regional banks, like the African Development Bank (Afdb), the Asian Development Bank (AsDB) and the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) concentrate their activities on the specific needs of their respective regions.	0
When you're coming back from the moon, you have to deal with orbital mechanics. 	1
Since the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in 1992, in Rio de Janeiro, lending for environmental purposes has accelerated and major multilateral agencies are incorporating environmental considerations in their decision making.	0
(d) There are many sources of financing such as official development finance, including loans and grants provided by multilateral institutions and bilateral agreements and private sector finance, provided by commercial banks and private companies.	0
We're living in one of the most exciting times in history. 	1
The secretariat, with the support of the Climate Technology Initiative and financial assistance from the United States Environmental Protection Agency, is conducting a review and evaluation of available information on the extent, nature and functions of existing technology information centers and electronic information networks in developing countries and countries with economies in transition.	0
It was basically a regenerative medicine issue. 	1
This could include compiling country or region specific lists of expert centers with preliminary information on the types of services provided, major data systems and sources used, clients served and views on unmet needs for technology information and technical assistance in their country or region.	0
And this is the idea that Science Magazine used on their front cover. 	1
This is simply the wealth of a country versus the percent of population over the age of 65. 	1
If the average age in your country is 45 to 55, now the average person is looking at diabetes, early-onset diabetes, heart failure, coronary artery disease -- things that are inherently more difficult to treat, and much more expensive to treat. 	1
The design specifications for new technologies, however, require reducing uncertainties about future climate changes through improved monitoring and modelling.	0
And we do OK. Insulin's a pretty good therapy. 	1
An elaboration of the rational for focused papers is given below.	0
If we can invent materials, design materials, or extract materials from a natural environment, then we might be able to have those materials induce the body to heal itself. 	1
Here go the stem cells, right into the beating heart of the patient. 	1
The following outline for the second review The secretariat intends to review the first communication from Belgium, which was received on	0
And I think fairly soon, you will see patients being treated with their own fat-derived, or adipose-derived, stem cells. 	1
(b) In the first half of 1998 eleven Parties: Australia, Austria, Denmark, Germany, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;	0
Here's just one example before I close up. 	1
By its decision 9/CP.2, COP 2 decided that the review process should be continued in accordance with the relevant decisions of the Conference of the Parties (FCCC/CP/1996/15/Add.1).	0
Everything that is done to treat burn -- basically we do a sodding approach. 	1
The secretariat will seek to obtain similar invitations in conducting future reviews.	0
In this case here, a new, wearable bio-reactor has been designed -- it should be tested clinically later this year at ISR -- by Joerg Gerlach in Pittsburgh. 	1
And this is a pretty well-educated audience, so I imagine you all know something about AIDS. 	1
But I'm going to use tools and ideas that are familiar to economists to think about a problem that's more traditionally part of public health and epidemiology. 	1
It's going to be about thinking about how it evolves, and how people respond to it. 	1
These are just tiny decreases -- two percentage points -- not significant. 	1
A number of other cost items have also been revised downwards.	0
This shows you -- in areas with low malaria, medium malaria, high malaria -- what happens to the number of sexual partners as you increase HIV prevalence. 	1
An important feature of the detailed information on subprogrammes in document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.1 is the attempt to describe the limits of the activities that the secretariat proposes to undertake and, in some cases, to specify activities that will not be undertaken.	0
People aren't changing their behavior enough to decrease the growth in the epidemic. 	1
To facilitate the review and consideration of the proposed programme budget, the Chairman of the SBI may wish to convene informal consultations at the start of SBI 6.	0
Then if you poked a little more, you looked a little more at what was going on, you'd find that actually that was a pretty good year, because in some years the only people tested are IV drug users. 	1
The programme budget for 1998-1999 has been prepared on the basis of the secretariat structure presented to SBI 5 (see FCCC/SBI/1997/3, paras. 20-45), with the modifications indicated in paragraph 6 above.	0
When I started working on these projects, I was not thinking at all about economics, but eventually it kind of sucks you back in. 	1
In 1996, overhead funds were returned to finance the costs of one professional and two general service posts (all three of which had been approved by COP 1 as part of the core budget).	0
But openness and inter-connectedness, it comes with a cost when we think about disease. I don't think this should be a surprise. 	1
Funding was increased in 1997 to finance one additional professional and two additional general service posts.	0
On Wednesday, I learned from Laurie Garrett that I'm definitely going to get the bird flu, and I wouldn't be at all worried about that if we never had any contact with Asia. 	1
The figures used in calculating staff costs in the budget proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 are based on the standard figures used in the preparation of the United Nations programme budget for the same biennium, taking Bonn as duty station.	0
Both of the assumptions in (d) above are subject to review at COP 3 (see decisions 14/CP.1 and 14/CP.2).	0
And when I leave here, I'm going to go back and sit in my tiny office, and my computer, and my data. 	1
As was noted by the Executive Secretary in the perspectives on financial requirements submitted to SBI 5, the secretariat will need resources above and beyond those included in this programme budget should COP 3 establish an ad hoc inter-governmental process to implement the outcomes of the Berlin Mandate (see FCCC/SBI/1997/3, paras. 79-80) and/or to launch a 'prompt start' process.	0
The main function of this programme would be to manage and provide support to any post-Kyoto process by preparing documentation, organizing meetings, and supporting a bureau.	0
"I feel in love with Carolyn." "I feel so naughty." 	1
STAFFING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POST-KYOTO CONTINGENCY	0
And because of that, you end up getting very honest, candid, sincere responses that are often very moving. 	1
It was divided into ten very simple themes -- love, anger, sadness and so on -- each of which contained a single, very open-ended question put to the world: What do you love? What makes you angry? 	1
(i) Meeting servicing: Includes the costs of recruiting non-local conference room supervisors and teams of interpreters.	0
And it caused me to wonder specifically, if we could make new constellations today, what would those look like? What would those be? 	1
Annex I TRUST FUND FOR PARTICIPATION IN THE UNFCCC PROCESS	0
You can start to see words emerging here. 	1
The Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities is used to support a variety of activities undertaken by the secretariat in response to needs and requests stemming from the Convention process.	0
We can click on this and we see this iconic image of Betty Ford kissing her husband's coffin. 	1
As these are continuously emerging, it is difficult to forecast too far in advance the precise levels of resources that will be required in this Fund.	0
In Universe, there's kind of no end. It just goes infinitely, and you can just kind of click on stuff. 	1
We can also see the superstars. These would be the people that are kind of the looming heroes and heroines in the universe of Bill Clinton. So there's Bill Clinton, Hillary, Iraq, George Bush, Barack Obama, Scooter Libby -- these are kind of the people of Bill Clinton. 	1
There are about 10,000 species of ants. 	1
Item 5 in the list is derived from Article 7.2 of the Convention, which requires the COP to keep the implementation of the Convention under regular review.	0
They make a midden, a pile of refuse -- mostly the husks of the seeds that they eat. 	1
The same ant doesn't do the same task over and over its whole life. 	1
This exercise could take up the first day of the ministerial segment, 8 December, with the President reporting to the COP at the start of the next day.	0
Like I just said, if there is more food to collect, the patrollers, the midden workers, the nest maintenance workers will all change to forage. 	1
Participation would be limited, essentially to ministers.	0
(d) Arrangements for participation by observer organizations	0
The SBI took note of the calendar of meetings for 1997 and requested the secretariat to propose at its sixth session a calendar of meetings for 1998-1999 based on holding two blocks of sessions of the Convention bodies each year, each block comprising two weeks of meetings (FCCC/SBI/1997/5, para. 22).	0
So anybody who's ever looked at ants has seen them touch antennae. 	1
It may be recalled that the Bureau has recommended that, given the timing of COP 3 late in 1997, COP 4 could be held early in 1999 (FCCC/1996/INF.4).	0
So I want now to show you a bit of film -- and this will start out, first of all, showing you the nest entrance. 	1
So, we do a lot of simulation and modeling, and also experimental work, to try to figure out how those two kinds of noise combine to, in the aggregate, produce the predictable behavior of ant colonies. 	1
THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES:	0
So it's not really that out of these haphazard contacts, perfection arises. 	1
One of my favorite shows as a kid was "The Six Million Dollar Man," and this is a little bit closer to the 240 dollar man or so, but --  At at any rate. I would normally feel very self-conscious and geeky wearing this around, but a few days ago I saw one world-renowned statistician swallowing swords on stage here, so I figure it's OK amongst this group. 	1
(a) Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its third session;	0
In playing this toy, you kind of -- this will bring up philosophical questions in you. 	1
It occurs at all these different scales, first of all, from very, very small to very, very large. 	1
Some have also requested access to informal negotiating meetings.	0
I can even have it pose for a photo. Snap a little photo of it. 	1
So in fact, as I'm interacting in this world with other creatures, these creatures are transparently coming from other players as they play. 	1
Subsequently, the Chairman of the SBSTA, with the concurrence of that body, has decided that the three NGO constituencies mentioned in paragraph 5 above can have a seat with a nameplate, on the floor of that body, and has allowed interventions on specific point of its agenda.	0
When I eat, I'll actually start growing. This is the next generation. 	1
This consensus was evident at the March 1996 workshop (see Principles in annex I of FCCC/SBSTA/1996/11) and confirmed by subsequent consultations.	0
And our cities are going to be at risk too, because a lot of these are coastal cities. 	1
In general, the secretariat's improvised responses have tended to generosity; the result is an open house with a rather flimsy structure.	0
And while these are both wonderful things in their own right -- they both have very wonderful things going for them -- truth and beauty as ideals that can be looked at by the sciences and by math are almost like the ideal conjoined twins that a scientist would want to date. 	1
This would require funding for participation, as proposed by NGOs themselves.	0
So we have an opportunity to really open up education. 	1
Attached to the "note verbale" was the full text of the note from Pakistan; the "note verbale" from the Azerbaijan Republic was identical in substance.	0
And think about some of the things that we're learning about cellular mechanics. 	1
3. The Islamic Republic of Pakistan wishes to stress that Turkey, though in complete agreement with the idea and understanding of the Convention, regrets not being able to sign the FCCC due to her inclusion in the annexes, as a "developed" country.	0
After the breathtaking green-haired Rosa is murdered, the doctors preserve her with unguents and morticians' paste. 	1
Could it be there is something more going on here? 	1
 Coincidence to me has a much simpler metric. 	1
My speechwriters must have been tearing their hair out because as we worked between one and four in the morning on Inauguration Day, I was still changing it." 	1
B. Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention 17 - 19 8	0
I met the surgeon, and he took some free X-rays, and I got a good look at them. And you know, even I could tell my hip was bad, and I actually work in marketing. 	1
VII. ADMINISTRATIVE AND FINANCIAL MATTERS: 25 - 31 10 (Agenda item 7)	0
I'd already waited 10 months, and I had to wait 18 more months. 	1
So, next thing you know, I had my bright blue volunteer vest, I had my photo ID, and I was fully trained by my 89-year-old boss. 	1
That's the Cheetah Generation, and Africa's salvation rests on the backs of these Cheetahs. 	1
The SBI agreed to admit two new intergovernmental organizations and ten non-governmental organizations that had been screened by the secretariat, on the basis of the provisions in paragraph 6 of Article 7 of the Convention, without prejudice to the subsequent action by the Conference of the Parties (COP).	0
Complaining about colonialism and imperialism, they wouldn't move one foot. 	1
It is rich in mineral resources, natural mineral resources. 	1
(c) The SBI urged all Annex I Parties to submit their views on the schedule of in-depth reviews of the second national communications no later than 25 August and requested the secretariat to prepare the final schedule for consideration at the next session of the SBI;	0
At its 5th meeting on 5 August, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI adopted the following conclusions:	0
The next chapter begins with first of all, asking ourselves this fundamental question, "Whom do we want to help in Africa?" 	1
Everybody mentioned Nelson Mandela, of course. 	1
At its 5th meeting on 5 August, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI recommended for adoption by the COP at its third session the budget decision included in annex III to this document which would require finalization at the Conference with respect to the contingencies indicated therein.	0
By raking it off the backs of their suffering people. 	1
Africa has been giving the other countries aid. 	1
And I said, "Mo, you're right. We have -- no, but we've already been doing it! 	1
Resource requirements for the conference servicing contingency (US$ thousand)	0
At a certain point in time, in 1969, things were really bad. 	1
I'm sure some of you who are not so young will remember those pictures. 	1
1. Opening of the session The seventh session of the SBI will be opened by the Chairman at 10 a.m. on Monday, 20 October 1997.	0
Today, the European Union is busy transferring aid. 	1
Another option is that one body may take overall responsibility in considering an issue, requesting adequate and specific inputs from the other body.	0
But I worry because this money is so important. 	1
Will we make the same mistake that we made before? 	1
At the request of the SBI (FCCC/SBI/1997/16, para. 16 (c)), at its sixth session, and on the basis of responses received from Annex I Parties, the secretariat has prepared the schedule of the in-depth review (IDR) of their second national communications.	0
So there might be a few ideas we could think of that could work. 	1
This overview, in accordance with the division of labour, is to be considered by the SBSTA.	0
Well, why don't we first say to those helping us out, "Don't be shy about infrastructure. 	1
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention	0
That health that you're working on cannot be sustainable without infrastructure. 	1
Taking into account the documents mentioned above, the SBI may wish to recommend a draft decision on this item for adoption by the COP at its third session.	0
WK: This is my home. This is where I live. 	1
WK: Yeah, I want to build another one -- to pump water and irrigation for crops. 	1
CA: So that would produce irrigation for the entire village? 	1
You're going to hear stories of "Africa: The Next Chapter." 	1
The note should be read together with document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.7, which contains supporting tables.	0
The stories that we want to know, and the stories that do exist about positive tales. 	1
The Executive Secretary urges all Parties which have not paid their contributions for the past and/or current year to do so as soon as possible.	0
And that has to do with me because in 1994, I packed a few things into a backpack and headed off for a year of travel in the middle of my university career. 	1
These gaps in the secretariat's staff were filled largely by short-term staff members and consultants, which led to higher expenditure levels for these items than originally estimated.	0
I'm sitting in Cambridge, Massachusetts at the Healthcare Development Conference. 	1
(a) December 1996 (Geneva; 130 Parties, 6 observer States, 103 observer organizations; total of 516 delegates and 337 observers);	0
But you could say, "Invest in Africa in over 1,000 languages, and it wouldn't make a difference." 	1
As a result of four sessions being held in 1997 (instead of two, as foreseen during discussion of the programme budget for the current biennium), expenditures relating topolicy-making organs have been approximately 19 per cent higher than anticipated.Despite the heavy meeting schedule, overexpenditure was limited to 19 per cent due to economies of scale, internal reassignment of tasks, the hiring of temporary staff and consultants under other programmes, and chronic overtime of staff.	0
So I want to share with you some of these bellwether signals, or signs, and winds of change that are sweeping this continent. 	1
Topics covered include methodological issues, cooperation with the IPCC and other international bodies, technology and technology information needs, and the establishment of a multilateral consultative process.	0
It's made up --  It's made up of 53 different countries. 	1
The programme's ad hoc responsibilities relating to relocation, which consumed a large portion of its resources in 1996, ended once the secretariat and its staff were fully installed in Bonn.	0
It's an investment opportunity. Think about that. 	1
level of the reserve was set at 8.3 per cent of estimated expenditure for both 1996 and 1997 (see decision 17/CP.1, para. 1, as confirmed in decision 16/CP.2, para. 6).	0
For Africa to truly be sustainable, we have to move beyond to other industries. 	1
By its decision 16/CP.2, the COP decided that the Fund could also be used to finance participants from eligible Parties in meetings of expert bodies convened by any of the Convention bodies and in intersessional meetings of the Bureaux of the Convention bodies, and for the participation of Bureau members in consultations or official meetings relating to the UNFCCC process.	0
It's being managed by a Singaporean-based management company. 	1
(d) February/March 1997 (Bonn; funding offered to 123 Parties, 89 delegates financed); and	0
They're going to be tapping into carbon credits. 	1
IV. TRUST FUND FOR SUPPLEMENTARY ACTIVITIES	0
The same for telecoms across the country. 	1
In fact, one of the big agencies is setting up an office in Africa. 	1
So in conclusion, I want to turn back to that very slide that made such a deep impact on me all those years ago. 	1
Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions in 1995 increased in the majority of reporting Parties compared to 1990, the range of increase being from 2 to 10 per cent.	0
So the next step, over the next four days, is us exploring more of these ideas. 	1
Although the estimates provided by most Parties for the effect of individual policies and measures would lead to the conclusion that CO2 emissions in 2000 will be up to 11 per cent lower than in 1990, in actual fact this trend is often projected to be offset by the growth in CO2 emissions from some sources.	0
The first Igbo Bible was translated from English in about the 1800s by Bishop Crowther, who was a Yoruba. 	1
For 13 Parties, CO2 emissions from fuel combustion represented more than 90 per cent of the total CO2 emissions.	0
For nine Parties (BEL, CAN, FIN, IRE, NLD, NOR, NZL) overall GHG emissions increased by 1 to 10 per cent over those of 1990.	0
This quantity complicated their description and analysis significantly.	0
And so three months later, just before she returned to the United States, nurses in Accra go on strike. 	1
The FCCC guidelines request that, to facilitate transparency, enough detail should be provided about each policy and measure in the text of the national communication to allow a third party to understand:	0
You see, the folks at the ministry of health, the hospital administrators, the doctors, the nurses -- they are among just five percent of their peers who get an education after secondary school. 	1
Many Parties mentioned in this regard the substitution of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) by HFCs.	0
And so I started to argue with these men. 	1
In Norway, according to the communication, gasoline consumption dropped by 8 per cent from 1990 to 1995 partly because of significant CO2 and general tax rate increases.	0
Now, we cannot achieve perfection, but if we reach for it, then we can achieve excellence. 	1
Vegetating denuded land is one of the main climate change-related measures implemented in Iceland.	0
from corporate Ghana, corporate West Africa, and the things that they're most impressed about is work ethic. 	1
Methane emissions decreased in the 1991 to 1994/95 period in most reporting Parties, except Canada and Norway where emission increases were likely related to robust oil and natural gas production, and the United States of America where the increase was related to growth in emissions from agriculture and waste disposal.	0
But literally within days of arriving I was told, in no uncertain terms, by a number of West African women, that Africans didn't want saving, thank you very much, least of all not by me. 	1
Air quality and integrated pollution control laws regulate PFC emissions in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.	0
And Aretha Franklin was shouting "R-E-S-P-E-C-T," the women's hips were swaying and little kids were trying to grab the paintbrushes, but it was their day. 	1
In some cases there are differences in the 1990 emission figures between inventories and projections.	0
And so, on a micro level, there's a real role for this combination of investment and philanthropy. 	1
All Parties provided “with measures” projections for CO2 emissions.	0
And so, it was really those lessons that made me decide to build Acumen Fund about six years ago. 	1
In addition, both the Czech Republic and Slovakia assume substantial changes in industrial production and anticipate shifts from (heavy) industry to the service sector.	0
Acumen's been working with ABE for the past year, year and a half, both on looking at a new business plan, and what does expansion look like, helping with management support and helping to do term sheets and raise capital. 	1
Only Canada and Slovakia estimated how the results would be affected by changes in key assumptions.	0
It's gone from socialist Tanzania into capitalist Tanzania, and continued to flourish. It had about 1,000 employees when we first found it. 	1
Ten Parties gave in addition projections for 2020 and 13 Parties provided sectoral projections only partially.	0
They're in a joint venture with Sumitomo. 	1
Two Parties (CAN, NOR) projected a decrease in SF6 emissions for 2000, mainly as a consequence of improved production practices in the magnesium industry, while the other seven projected an increase.	0
And I joined, later on, the youth organization under the African National Congress. 	1
The extent to which the guidelines were followed is illustrated in tables 5 and 6.	0
♫ Wondering, wondering, wondering, wondering where is this world coming to. ♫ ♫ Is it right the children have to fend for themselves? No, no, no, no, no. no. ♫ ♫ Is it right heaping trouble on an old lady's head? ♫ ♫ So unlucky faceless people. ♫ ♫ Thula Mama Mama, Thula Mama. Thula Mama Mama. ♫ ♫ Thula Mama, Thula Mama, Thula Mama Mama, Thula Mama ♫ ♫ Tomorrow it’s going to be better. ♫ 	1
The United Kingdom provided estimates of PFC and HFC emission reductions in 2000, 2005, 2010 and 2020.	0
Belgium also provides an “envisaged measures” scenario and a “long-term measures” scenario that produce greater emission reductions, but they are not presented here.	0
In each case, the estimate is the difference between a “without measures” scenario (numbers in parentheses) and a “with measures” or “IMA-measures” scenario that takes agreed climate protection measures into account wherever possible.	0
And in the process, Africa has been stripped of self-initiative. 	1
And in the process, none of these things really are productive because you are treating the symptoms, not the causes of Africa's fundamental problems. 	1
Accordingly, the national communication states that these estimates should be treated with caution.	0
So, where should we be putting the money? 	1
United States: the estimates of the effects of policies and measures on CO2, CH4, and N2O emissions were clearly presented in the national communication and appear to be based on policies and measures that have been adopted and implemented.	0
The ability to utilize that opportunity and turn it into an advantage depends on your internal capacity. 	1
Policies and measures targeted at N2O emissions, however, are expected to achieve virtually all of their emission reductions by 2000.	0
Aid is the bad instrument, and do you know why? 	1
A breakdown of CO2 emission reductions by sector is presented in table 7.	0
Well, because it gives them good, paying jobs, or, in many African countries, unofficial opportunities to profit from corruption. 	1
The contribution made by different sectors to CO2 emission reductions varies significantly from country to country.	0
Between 1960 and 2003, our continent received 600 billion dollars of aid, and we are still told that there is a lot of poverty in Africa. 	1
Estimates of CO2 emissions and removals for land-use change and forestry were provided by 15 Parties. 15 Parties provided estimates for HFCs, PFCs and SF6, although some of them not for all these gases.	0
It's because there's somebody there called foreign aid, who contributes for it. 	1
In conformity with the guidelines, 14 Parties presented separate data on emissions from international bunkers but only six of them provided a breakdown into marine and aviation bunkers.	0
All reporting Parties provided greenhouse gas inventory information for the years 1990 to 1995, but Finland did not provide its 1991 inventory.	0
France provided the information on correspondence only, and Belgium and Switzerland did so partially.	0
Finally, I want to say that before I came to speak here, I was told that the principle of TEDGlobal is that the good speech should be like a miniskirt. 	1
For the majority of these cases the reported differences fall within 1 to 3 per cent, demonstrating the usefulness of this approach for verification purposes.	0
It's little discrete -- that's spelled D-I-S-C-R-E-T-E -- bits. 	1
First, some types of activities do not exist in all Parties (e.g. rice cultivation or coal mining).	0
I would go on a hunger strike before I let them take away Google Book Search from me. 	1
As methodologies develop, both nationally and internationally, the collection of data improves (emission factors, activity data and methods) and new emission sources are included.	0
You know, that ham butt is delicious! There's no reason to throw it away. 	1
In general, Parties did not specify whether their forests are totally managed or not.	0
So, think about it this way: if you've got an artificial constraint, artificial constraints lead to arbitrary distinctions and a skewed worldview. 	1
Comparison and aggregation of emissions and removals from land-use change and forestry was complicated by scientific uncertainties, difficulties in data collection and differing coverage.	0
So if we're not worrying about directing traffic, if we've transcended paper, if we are worrying less about control and more about description, then we can think of the English language as being this beautiful mobile. 	1
The differences between the values of emission factors based on different rates of release to the atmosphere are also large.	0
If only one out of every 10 of those books had a word that's not in the dictionary in it, that would be equivalent to more than two unabridged dictionaries. 	1
Experience with the review of first national communications	0
See, I just gave you a lot of words and a lot of numbers, and this is more of a visual explanation. 	1
the Convention 36 I. OPENING OF THE SESSION	0
It has a feeler, where it can feel obstacles and turn around. 	1
In that connection, he expressed satisfaction at the imminent start-up of a Global Environment Facility (GEF) project to support national communications.	0
As soon as it touches the water -- you should hear a sound of running air. 	1
Legal matters: Implementation of the Headquarters Agreement.	0
Now, in the decade of Darfur and Iraq, a statement like that might seem somewhere between hallucinatory and obscene. But I'm going to try to convince you that that is the correct picture. The decline of violence is a fractal phenomenon. You can see it over millennia, over centuries, over decades and over years, although there seems to have been a tipping point at the onset of the Age of Reason in the sixteenth century. One sees it 	1
The Vice-Chairman also referred to the documentation before the seventh session, as described in documents FCCC/SBI/1997/17 and Add.1.	0
Also at the millennium scale, we can look at the way of life of early civilizations such as the ones described in the Bible. And in this supposed source of our moral values, one can read descriptions of what was expected in warfare, such as the following from Numbers 31: "And they warred against the Midianites as the Lord commanded Moses, and they slew all the males. And Moses said unto them, 	1
It was also attended by representatives of 8 United Nations offices and programmes, 7 specialized agencies, 5 intergovernmental organizations and 122 non-governmental organizationsFor the full list of participants, see document FCCC/1997/INF.4.	0
Although we don't have statistics for warfare throughout the Middle Ages to modern times, we know just from conventional history -- the evidence was under our nose all along that there has been a reduction in socially sanctioned forms of violence. 	1
(iii) To make available a compilation of comments by Parties on the Co-chairs’ draft compilation which was transmitted for further consideration at the workshop and by the SBI at its eighth session (for the text of the Co-chairs’ draft compilation, see the appendix below).	0
Also supporting it is the fact that we today see eruptions of violence in zones of anarchy, in failed states, collapsed empires, frontier regions, mafias, street gangs and so on. 	1
The SBI considered this item at its 1st and 5th meetings, on 20 and 29 October respectively.	0
People outside that circle are treated as sub-human, and can be exploited with impunity. But, over history, the circle has expanded. One can see, in historical record, it expanding from the village, to the clan, to the tribe, to the nation, to other races, to both sexes, and, in Singer's own arguments, something that we should extend to other sentient species. The question is, if this has happened, what has powered that expansion? 	1
The SBSTA and the SBI took note of the synthesis report by the secretariat on activities implemented jointly (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 and Corr.1 and 2, and Add.1) as well as of the concise update containing preliminary findings with regard to work on methodological issues (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.3).	0
The SBI requested the Executive Secretary to conclude arrangements with the Government of Japan on the basis of that understanding.	0
And I'm going to say a few words about each one this morning. 	1
It authorized its Rapporteur, in consultation with the Chairman and with the assistance of the secretariat, to finalize the report as appropriate.	0
How are these construals reflected in language? 	1
He emphasized the importance of the contribution made by the SBI, since its inception, to advance the Convention process, and thanked delegations for their constructive co-operation throughout his term of office.	0
When you construe it as "cause the mouse to have something," you're doing something to the mouse, and therefore you express it as, "Give the mouse the muffin." 	1
Draft decisions recommended by the SBI at its sixth session*	0
(c) The Subsidiary Body for Implementation will, with inputs from the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice as appropriate, have responsibilities for assisting the Conference of the Parties in the assessment and review of the effective implementation of the Convention with respect to the development and transfer of technology;	0
This kind of indirect speech is rampant in language. 	1
(j) In accordance with Article 5 of the Convention, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will have the overall responsibility for issues related to research and systematic observation, drawing, where necessary, upon the Subsidiary Body for Implementation. The Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will also play a co-ordinating role in such activities related to climate change relevant to the implementation of the Convention;	0
Now, relationship types can be negotiated. 	1
(m) The Subsidiary Body for Implementation, with inputs from the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice as appropriate, will have responsibility for assisting the Conference of the Parties in the assessment and review of the effective implementation of the Convention with respect to education, training, and public awareness.	0
If you went over and you helped yourself to a shrimp off your boss' plate, for example, that would be an awkward situation. 	1
10. Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Conference of the Parties at its fourth session on income and budget performance, and to propose any adjustments that might be needed in the Convention budget for the biennium 1998-1999.	0
The honest officer can't hold you to it as being a bribe, and therefore, you get the nuisance of the traffic ticket. 	1
1. Calls upon the Parties included in Annex I to the Convention (Annex I Parties), when submitting annually national greenhouse gas inventories, to follow the relevant parts of the revised UNFCCC guidelines for the preparation of national communications by Annex I Parties, as well as the relevant conclusions of the fourth session of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice;	0
So you're feeding it with more material -- cubes in this case -- and more energy, and it can make another robot. 	1
2. Decides to continue the review process through the Subsidiary Body for Implementation, in accordance with the criteria established in the guidelines adopted by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation at its fifth session;	0
President George W. Bush: Whatever it costs to defend our security, and whatever it costs to defend our freedom, we must pay it. 	1
3. Urges Parties that have still not paid their 1996 and/or 1997 contributions to the core budget to do so without delay;	0
A female child born tomorrow, on average -- median -- will live to age 83. 	1
1. Takes note of the information contained in document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.2;	0
Something like 98 percent of all people with depression, and I mean really severe depression -- I have a friend with stunningly severe depression -- this is a curable disease, with present medicine and present technology. 	1
Noting that each developing country Party shall make its initial communication within three years of entry into force of the Convention for that Party, or of the availability of financial resources in accordance with Article 4.3 and that Parties that are least developed may make their submission at their discretion,	0
And swat us away like flies, the way we swat away flies when we go into the rainforest and start logging it. 	1
1. Decides that the information contained in the initial communications of Parties not included in Annex I will be considered in a facilitative, non-confrontational, open and transparent manner to ensure that the COP has accurate, consistent and relevant information at its disposal to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities;	0
If the aliens come visiting, we're the primitive civilization. 	1
This is rocket science, but it's not hard rocket science. 	1
The SBI approved the organization of the work presented by the Chairman.	0
But galaxies are very violent places, and things can be spun out of orbit. 	1
The lists of attendance at the fifth session of the SBI are given in document FCCC/1997/INF.2.	0
And for three months out of the year, the surface temperatures go up to 150 to 180. 	1
That won't work too well. What can we do about this? 	1
The need for a full replenishment was highlighted during the meeting.	0
We sent a probe out to this asteroid belt, called NEAR, Near Earth Asteroid Rendezvous. 	1
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/4).	0
When I go to places like this, which are paleontological sites, it's like going to a game park, an extinct game park. 	1
It also requested the secretariat to propose arrangements for the communication of views by heads of United Nations programmes and agencies, IGOs and NGOs.	0
There were these three people and me, and I am taking the pictures, that's why I am not in. 	1
The Vice-Chairman, on behalf of the Chairman, after thanking all participants for their cooperation throughout the meeting, declared the fifth session of the SBI closed.	0
We were able to tell that she belonged to the human family tree because the legs, the foot, and some features clearly showed that she walked upright, and upright walking is a hallmark in humanity. 	1
But in addition, if you compare the skull with a comparably aged chimpanzee and little George Bush here, you see that you have vertical forehead. 	1
Reports from the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development and relevant bilateral and multilateral funding institutions;	0
And among the answers that you can get from this skeleton are included: first, this skeleton documents, for the first time, how infants looked over three million years ago. 	1
The effectiveness of the financial mechanism will be assessed taking into account the following:	0
At age three, if you have a still-growing brain, it's a human behavior. 	1
The COP, at its second session, called, inter alia, for acceleration of negotiations of the text of a protocol, or another legal instrument which would fully encompass the remit of the Berlin Mandate.	0
That's what somehow we were doing so far in the absence of the fossil children, so I think the new fossil fixes this problem. 	1
6. Development and transfer of technologies.	0
 Hollywood has its rivalries, and the Valley has its rivalries. 	1
And we're also doing a movie called "The Kite Runner," based on the book "The Kite Runner," also about Afghanistan. 	1
 And I like this one, "Snow Has Returned to Kilimanjaro." 	1
And I had this idea: what if I could, in effect, virtually embed, and create a permeable relationship with the soldiers? 	1
Workshops should be convened to discuss specific topics of the climate change agenda so that understanding would increase and capacities be developed.	0
Focal points in the African region should be strengthened to allow for an increased flow of information.	0
Concerns have been expressed regarding the transparency of the GEF decision-making process, the adequacy, predictability and timely disbursement of funds for activities in developing country Parties.	0
They didn't have to go outside the wire. 	1
The SBSTA may also wish to urge Parties to provide the secretariat with information on planning and decision tools, including software relevant for adaptation to climate change, on topics such as health, water, coastal zone, natural ecosystems, agriculture and urban areas, and to encourage their research and development institutions to co-operate with the secretariat in the formulation of focused papers on adaptation technologies.	0
Adaptation to climate change can be autonomous.	0
 And some of you guys are entrepreneurs, etc., whatever. 	1
Anticipatory planned adaptation is particularly important to reduce vulnerability to climate change.	0
This year at TED, I'm happy to report that I have new titles, in addition to my previous titles. 	1
Examples of sectors that could benefit from anticipatory planned adaptation are infrastructure, such as, port and harbour facilities, flood-defence systems, water supply systems, sewage systems and urban systems.	0
And so, my life is much more complex because of the baby, actually, but that's okay. We will still stay married, I think. 	1
Their functions and users differ considerably.	0
 And each butter-fry is composed of different pieces. 	1
 But I realized that life could be very boring, so I've been thinking about life, and I notice that my camera -- my digital camera versus my car, a very strange thing. 	1
 So, I was in the Cape one time, and I typed the word "simplicity," and I discovered, in this weird, M. Night Shyamalan way, that I discovered [the] letters, M, I, T. You know the word? 	1
A few examples are APNG (Asia Pacific Networking Group), JARING (Network for Malaysia), SDN (Pacific Sustainable Development Network), MauriNet (Mauritius Network), MANGO (Network for Non-Profit Community in Zimbabwe), and CCCNet (Co-operation Committee for Cambodia Network).	0
Also, if you look at your physical strength. 	1
Some examples include Pactok (PacificTalk), ScINET-PHIL (Science and Technology Network of the Philippines), and STACnet (Philippine Science & Technology Advisory Council Network).	0
Enhancing existing and/or building new international centres and networksThe term “building new” refers to a new capability at an existing physical facility or institution.	0
This whole TED effect, it sort of ups your wisdom, somehow. 	1
He said, "I think the most important thing to happen in 2006 was that living and thinking green hit Main Street. 	1
Collaboration with industry might further strengthen the process of identifying technology information needs and solutions.	0
And that, and more besides, would be in the palm of your hand. 	1
And the reference to the iPod as iconic, and in a way evocative of performance, delivery -- quite interesting that [in] the beginning of the year 2007, the Financial Times commented that the Detroit companies envy the halo effect that Toyota has gained from the Prius as the hybrid, energy-conscious vehicle, which rivals the iPod as an iconic product. 	1
And again, the way in which that works as a building, for those of us who can enjoy the spaces, to live and visit there. 	1
It requested the secretariat to also prepare a report on its experience in using the roster, for the seventh session (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4).	0
First, it was difficult to ensure a balance among scientific and technical areas of expertise and regional experience in each specific meeting.	0
Hubert was saying, absolutely correctly, "These are the new cathedrals." 	1
Third, it was difficult to obtain sufficient participation of experts from Annex II Parties.	0
The secretariat will modify the invitation process identified in paragraph 13 so as to inform government contact points whenever an inquiry of availability is sent to the expert.	0
You know, when I looked at the profile of the audience here, with their connotations and design, in all its forms, and with so much and so many people working on collaborative and networks, and so on, that I wanted to tell you, I wanted to build an argument for primary education in a very specific context. 	1
What happens to education in that context? 	1
Investor as well as host Parties have gained experience, for example in the application of criteria in support of decision 5/CP.1, and have developed additional criteria to reflect national priorities.	0
He came there and he started to fiddle around with the touchpad. 	1
Host Parties which set up an AIJ unit appear to be successful in attracting financial resources and in ensuring their utilization in priority areas of national development.	0
Very quickly, he noticed that when he moves his finger on the touchpad something moves on the screen -- and later on he told me, "I have never seen a television where you can do something." 	1
And I built a similar hole-in-the-wall. 	1
But we got a clean learning curve, almost exactly the same as what you would get in a school. 	1
Most activities reported local and/or national organizations as responsible for the majority of the scheduled data collection for the activities.	0
They don't have a way to determine which way to answer this question; perhaps none of us do. 	1
With regard to measurement, responsibilities were assigned to national and municipal institutions of the host country and, in some cases, to private organizations of the host country.	0
So I leave you with this third question. 	1
The majority of the reports indicated social/cultural benefits, including active involvement of local communities, increased public awareness, maintenance of natural heritage and historical sites, as well as cleaner air.	0
So I want to leave that as a thought with you. 	1
E. Calculation of the contribution of activities implemented jointly projects	0
As a youngster, I was very interested in model airplanes, ornithopters, autogyros, helicopters, gliders, power planes, indoor models, outdoor models, everything, which I just thought was a lot of fun, and wondered why most other people didn't share my same enthusiasm with them. 	1
benefits related to the mitigation of climate change that would not have	0
While this was all going on, I was in the field of weather modification, although getting a Ph.D. in aeronautics. 	1
But then, got off on a vacation trip, and was studying bird flight, just for the fun of it, and you can watch a bird soaring around in circles, and measure the time, and estimate the bank angle, and immediately, figure out its speed, and the turning radius, and so on, which I could do in the car, as we're driving along on a vacation trip --  -- with my three sons, young sons, helping me, 	1
Due to the early stage of the pilot phase, only a few of the reports provided data for the actual emissions reduced.	0
We didn't -- a lot of flying, a lot of experiments, a lot of things that didn't work, and ones that did work, and the plane kept getting a little better, a little better. 	1
Five sample tables were provided to facilitate reporting of this information.	0
Let me start off showing you an Al Gore movie that you may have seen before. 	1
4. Canada did not provide any information on its financial contributions to the GEF.	0
For us, where does it take us, as social activists and entrepreneurs? 	1
When we had almost eradicated smallpox, it came back again, because the company town of Tatanagar drew laborers, who could come there and get employment. 	1
And they caught smallpox in the one remaining place that had smallpox, and they went home to die. 	1
As noted below, however, a number of Parties have reported on initiatives that are designed to facilitate such transfer of technology to non-Annex II Parties by the private sector.	0
And so it turns out that methane is to Titan what water is to the Earth. 	1
Some of the specific initiatives mentioned include: the Climate Technology Initiative (CTI), the Greenhouse Gas Technology Information Exchange (GREENTIE), the Centre for the Analysis and Dissemination of demonstrated Energy Technologies (CADDET), and the International Model Forest Programme (IMFP).	0
In order to answer such questions, it would not suffice to have a more complete reporting according to the present guidelines, although better reporting would provide a more comprehensive overview of the situation.	0
This is a device of human making, and it landed in the outer solar system for the first time in human history. 	1
If you were going to take an airplane trip across the U.S., you would be flying at these altitudes. 	1
Provision by Annex II Parties of data tables requested on multilateral and bilateral financial contributions	0
as you fly across the surface of Titan.  And then finally, the probe came to rest on the surface, and I'm going to show you, ladies and gentlemen, the first picture ever taken from the surface of a moon in the outer solar system. 	1
What the probe came down in was basically the Titan equivalent of a mud flat. 	1
No Party provided all four of these reporting tables in their national communication.	0
There's hundreds, up to a 1,000 or 1,200 miles of dunes. 	1
One other Party (NZL) indicated that it considered its contribution to the GEF to be “new and additional”.	0
Moreover, this whole, entire region, the south polar region, has elevated temperatures. It's the hottest place on the planet, on the body. 	1
Richard Branson: Thank you very much. The first TED has been great. 	1
 CA: It depends what the answer is though. 	1
CA: Now, you use the Virgin brand a lot and it seems like you're getting synergy from one thing to the other. 	1
CA: I mean, there are a few launches you've done where the brand maybe hasn't worked quite as well. 	1
The SBSTA also agreed to the Chairman’s proposal to follow the recommendations on the division of labour between the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) that were agreed by both bodies at their sixth sessions, and consequently to allow one body to take overall responsibility in considering an issue.	0
CA: So, just help us with some of the numbers. 	1
(i) Endogenous capacity to monitor and assess important climate change parameters;	0
But he's an absolute genius when it comes to design. 	1
(d) The SBSTA noted with appreciation the decision of the IPCC at its thirteenth session to accelerate work on uncertainties related to GHG inventories in the IPCC/OECD/IEA programme, as requested by the SBSTA at its sixth session.	0
The years -- and until I stopped looking at the polls, you were sort of regarded as this great hero in the U.K. and elsewhere. 	1
(a) The SBSTA noted the need for the provision of technical inputs to its work on methodological and technological issues.	0
And we were never allowed to watch television and the like. 	1
(c) The SBSTA concluded that the areas of expertise currently covered in the roster would suggest that, in addition to other uses of the roster, experts might provide the SBSTA with advice on particular tasks relating to technological and methodological issues, including the preparation and review of reports.	0
So I don't think you can mollycoddle your kids too much really. 	1
A roundtable on activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase was held in the evening of 20 October.	0
And he said, "Look, bollocks is not a -- has nothing to do with balls whatsoever. 	1
(b) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to forward this synthesis report to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration.	0
And he said he'd be delighted. And I said -- and he said, "Would you like me to wear my dog collar?" 	1
(d) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its third session (for the text of the draft decision see annex I below).	0
RB: So our key witness argued that it was actually "Never Mind the Priest, Here's the Sex Pistols." 	1
I think if you treat people well, people will come back and come back for more. 	1
3. Urges Parties to provide the necessary resources to reverse the decline in the existing observational networks and to support the regional and global observational systems being developed under GCOS, GOOS and GTOS, through appropriate funding mechanisms;	0
RB: Capitalism has been proven to be a system that works. 	1
- Improve and simplify the presentation of results;	0
RB: Well, I think that everybody -- people do things for a whole variety of different reasons and I think that, you know, when I'm on me deathbed, I will want to feel that I've made a difference to other people's lives. 	1
My older sister was busy torturing my parents, and they were busy torturing her. 	1
And it really became the -- I don't know, you know, it was one of those moments people started laughing at what was going on. 	1
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.	0
 So it stayed in, and it was, and, you know, it was a good thing. 	1
The Chairman recalled that services for formal meetings with interpretation would be available in the morning, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., and in the afternoon, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. on 25 February, in the afternoon only on 26 February, and in the mornings only on 27 and 28 February.	0
"Would, could, should, or would, should, could." 	1
It had before it a document FCCC/SB/1997/INF.1, which had been prepared by the secretariat.	0
What is it that we're actually -- what story are we actually telling? 	1
Recalled decision 10/CP.2 of the second session of the COP, in particular the request to the Convention secretariat, in accordance with Article 8.2(c) of the Convention, to facilitate assistance to Parties, particularly developing country Parties, in the preparation of their initial communications, through the organization of workshops at the regional level; to provide a forum for the exchange of experiences in the development of emission factors and activity data for the estimation of the inventory, as well as, on request, for other elements of information in the initial communication; and to provide a report to the SBI and the SBSTA at each of their sessions.	0
A quote by Bertrand Russell, "All the labor of all the ages, all the devotion, all the inspiration, all the noonday brightness of human genius are destined to extinction. 	1
VII. DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES	0
Took note of the progress report on technology and technology transfer prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/1).	0
Took note of the statement of the chairman of the Scientific and Technical Advisory Committee (STAP) of the Global Environmental Facility indicating a willingness of the STAP to cooperate with the SBSTA and the secretariat, for example, by making available reports on relevant topics.	0
And that's what makes computers powerful, these high-level languages that can be compiled. 	1
Progress report on research and systematic observation.	0
With a microscope, you can see them on a surface. 	1
So let me give you a few striking examples of this. 	1
You can't even recognize yourself in the mirror. 	1
Lifetime of activity if different from ending date:c)	0
But because the wire is cut to the emotional centers, he says, "But how come, if it's my mother, I don't experience a warmth?" 	1
Describe briefly how costs are determined:	0
There's no emotional reaction to his mother, because that wire going from the visual areas to the emotional centers is cut. 	1
Describe the procedures, including name of organizations involveda):	0
It's a lovely example of the sort of thing we do: take a bizarre, seemingly incomprehensible, neural psychiatric syndrome and say that the standard Freudian view is wrong, that, in fact, you can come up with a precise explanation in terms of the known neural anatomy of the brain. 	1
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of social benefits?	0
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of economic benefits?	0
But however, about half the patients, this doesn't happen. 	1
On the other hand, there's no proprioception, muscle signals saying that there is no arm, right? 	1
Five is blue, seven is yellow, eight is chartreuse, nine is indigo, OK? 	1
The secretariat is preparing an initial compilation and synthesis report on second national communications for the sessions of the subsidiary bodies scheduled to be held in Bonn in October 1997.	0
I mean, schizophrenics do that, but it's a different story, right? 	1
Many Parties urged the SBSTA to set up ITAPs without delay.	0
Meaning, in fact, that farmers are rational and profit-minded just like everybody else. 	1
He urged the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) to minimize requests for new documentation for their October sessions.	0
In fact, in 1848, 82 grain merchants and farmers got together in a small town at the crossroads of the Illinois River and Lake Michigan to establish a way to trade better amongst themselves. 	1
Also, two communications had been received from non-Annex I Parties.	0
That was, of course, the birth of the Chicago Board of Trade, which is the most famous commodity exchange in the world. 	1
He recalled that communications were the basic commitment of all Parties and that their lack would inhibit the ability of the Parties to assess the need for future action to advance implementation and to strengthen the Convention.	0
The Chicago Board of Trade was established then for precisely the same reasons that our farmers today would benefit from a commodity exchange. 	1
3. Division of labour between the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI).	0
This is powered by low-cost VSAT technology, aggressively trying to reach farmers to bring them into the market. 	1
Now, in Ethiopia, we're in the process of designing the first organized Ethiopia Commodity Exchange. 	1
We're creating a system that serves all market actors, that creates integrity, trust, efficiency, transparency and enables small farmers to manage the risks that I have described. 	1
But at the same time, we'll do something which I think no exchange in the world has ever done, which is itself to operate something like an Internet cafe in the rural areas. 	1
He hoped, in particular, that the SBSTA, in co-operation with the SBI, could already at that session agree on a draft decision regarding the division of labour between both bodies.	0
The documents prepared for the sixth session of the SBSTA, as well as other documents which were made available, are listed in the annex of the present document.	0
The last parliament of our century opened with our president announcing to the country that this was the most important economic initiative for the country today. 	1
I'm going to tell you three stories on the way to one argument that's going to tell you a little bit about how we open user-generated content up for business. 	1
(a) Decided that the highest priority should be given to activities related to the application of the methods for GHG inventories and that high priority be given to projections of GHG emissions and sinks; and	0
A culture which is top-down, owned, where the vocal chords of the millions have been lost. 	1
(b) Also noted with appreciation the information provided by the Chairman and the Chairman-elect of the IPCC, particularly regarding the TAR, and noted with satisfaction the regional emphasis and the further involvement of experts from developing countries.	0
(c) Requested the secretariat to organize, together with the IPCC, an informal meeting at the next session of the SBSTA to discuss key issues to be addressed in the TAR;	0
The SBSTA called upon Parties to work through other relevant organizations, including the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the International Maritime Organization (IMO), to address climate change issues in their deliberations and requested these organizations to provide reports on their work to future sessions of the SBSTA;	0
I want to share all my love with you ... 	1
The SBSTA supported the secretariat's plans to prepare reports on the role of the private sector, and on barriers and enabling activities of governments related to the transfer of technology.	0
Instead, what we've seen is something much worse than a revolt. 	1
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/L.3 Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.	0
Whew! It's a miracle I didn't make any mistakes on that song. 	1
The seventh session of the SBSTA will be opened by the Chairman at 3 p.m. onMonday, 20 October 1997.	0
The SBSTA may take note of the above reports and the progress made in the areas of technology development and the transfer of technologies during the past year, and in conjunction with the SBI, develop a recommendation for a draft decision by the COP on these matters (see FCCC/SBI/1997/17, paras. 31-33).	0
And so the whole idea of electroconvulsive, electroshock therapy disappeared, but has had a renaissance in the last 10 years. 	1
The secretariat has started the process of developing practical options and will provide a brief oral report.	0
And, in fact, it didn't make any difference because I didn't have any patients anymore. 	1
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND	0
I could hardly see five feet in front of myself. 	1
And it was clear -- not to me, because nothing was clear to me at that time anymore -- that I would need long-term hospitalization in that awful place called a mental hospital. 	1
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/13 Second communications from Parties included in	0
And they did have Tofranil and other things -- Mellaril, who knows what. 	1
The Global Atmosphere Watch 3 GE.97-64630	0
And she used to go nuts, every five minutes or so in the play, and he said to her, "We must have a word to bring you back to reality, and the word, my dear, will be 'Basingstoke.'" So every time she got a little nuts, he would say, "Basingstoke!" And she would say, "Basingstoke, it is." And she would be fine for a little while. 	1
Every time I would begin thinking obsessionally -- again, once more, after 20 shock treatments -- I would say, "Ah, fuck it." 	1
And you know, to be honest, I've been doing this for seven years, and I haven't got a clue what the future is going to be like. 	1
It is estimated to contribute about 6% to the overall greenhouse effect.	0
As an important function of GAW, the data obtained are archived at the WMO World Data Centre for Greenhouse Gases (WDCGG) established in Tokyo, Japan in 1990.	0
So, keys provide an access to shelter and warmth -- transport as well, in the U.S. increasingly. 	1
From the GAW monitoring perspective, the following needs can be outlined:	0
And what I mean by that is, you know, you can transcend space by simply making a voice call, right? 	1
And this is fairly universally appreciated, it turns out, which is why we have three billion plus people who have been connected. 	1
Detailed analyses may be found in technical paper TP/1997/2.	0
And it turns out that illiterate people are masters of delegation. 	1
In relation to this, it concluded that adjustments are to be regarded as important information in relation to the monitoring of emission trends and the performance of policies and measures, and should be reported separately (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4).	0
Seven Parties submitted information on temperature adjustments to the secretariat(Table 1).	0
The United States of America noted, in the chapter on projections in its second national communication, that temperature adjustments for heating and cooling could raise or lower the emissions by plus or minus 20 million metric tons of carbon, or about ±1.5%.	0
And we look at this and we think, well, how does that apply, for example, for the design of -- the lessons from this -- apply to the design of online services, future services in these markets? 	1
And the last thing is that -- actually, the direction of the conversation. 	1
An essential step used by all Parties, when adjusting for temperature variations, is to calculate what is called a “heating degree day” (HDD) index.	0
With another three billion people connected, they want to be part of the conversation. 	1
This corresponds to an elasticity of 1 with respect to the fuel consumption for space heating.	0
HDDnorm: average heating degree day index over several years	0
 Now, let's come to happiness or well-being. 	1
HDD: heating degree days index of the considered year	0
And that led Henri Bergson, the French philosopher, to say, "All the great thinkers of humanity have left happiness in the vague so that each of them could define their own terms." 	1
GC.7/22 A. States from List A of document UNIDO/GC.1/3	0
We think that if we could gather this and that, all the conditions, something that we say, "Everything to be happy -- to have everything to be happy." 	1
It is, therefore, essential that, before the staff separation programme is initiated, a clear indication of the firm financial commitments from Member States be ascertained.	0
Aren't those negative emotions, or destructive emotions, inherent to the nature of mind? 	1
(c) The additional cash resources for the staff separation reserve could be secured: (i) by voluntary contributions from Member States on the understanding that contributions for 1998 for the budget and staff separation reserve would not exceed 1997 assessed contribution levels; (ii) by way of advances from Member States to the Organization, on the understanding that those advances would be repaid as and when the arrears of assessed contributions are paid, or deducted from future contributions;	0
Consciousness is like a mirror that allows all images to rise on it. 	1
As it is not considered realistic to expect that a response to this call will generate the required cash, all Member States are requested to make voluntary contributions and advances as recommended by the Industrial Development Board as soon as possible.	0
So, because the basic fabric of consciousness is this pure cognitive quality that differentiates it from a stone, there is a possibility for change because all emotions are fleeting. 	1
6. The time factor of staff separation is essential to reduce the likelihood of a financial crisis in 1998 as the number of staff who will have to leave the Organization is expected to exceed 120.	0
But you cannot, at the same time, toward the same object, the same person, want to harm and want to do good. 	1
IDB.18/Dec.13 Options for the collection of unpaid assessed contributions from the United States Government	0
So there's a basic line for people. And also, it can be changed. 	1
29. The Board had before it a note by the Director-General on the International Centre for Science and High Technology (IDB.18/16 and Add.1 and 2).	0
And I know for certain that that will work. 	1
The Industrial Development Board, with the aim of utilizing the available conference-servicing resources to the maximum possible effect, decided to suspend with immediate effect rule 32 of its rules of procedure relating to the quorum, for the meetings of its eighteenth session only and provided no substantive decisions were taken at those meetings.	0
Ken went and ran his models, and found that it did. 	1
and . (hereinafter called the Director-General) for the other part. WHEREAS	0
So I should say, I guess, that since the time of that original President Johnson report, and the various reports of the U.S. National Academy -- 1977, 1982, 1990 -- people always talked about this idea. 	1
He said roughly what's been said before. 	1
And so people took him seriously when he said we should think about this, even though there will be some ozone impacts. 	1
We can move things out of the stratosphere into the mesosphere, in principle solving the ozone problem. 	1
(b) Recommended to the General Conference the approval on the basis of an exchange rate of US$ 1 = AS 12.90 of appropriations in the amount of $145,898,600 for the regular budget of the Organization in 1998-1999, as reflected in the following table:	0
One knob is the knob for controlling global temperature. 	1
Note: The amounts presented in the table are to be adjusted in accordance with the adjustment formula presented at the end of the present decision to take account of exchange rate variations during the biennium.	0
And so I guess my view on this is not that I want to do it -- I do not -- but that we should move this out of the shadows and talk about it seriously. 	1
It's conceivable that, say, using the sulfates method or this method I've come up with, you could create an ice age at a cost of .001 percent of GDP. 	1
And that calculation isn't much in dispute. 	1
The regular budget also shall be accompanied by a statement on the main changes in comparison with the previous biennium.	0
But you don't make good policy by hiding things in a drawer. 	1
(a) Took note of the report of the Director-General on the options for the collection of unpaid assessed contributions from the United States Government (IDB.18/18);	0
And of course, coalmines are very dangerous places because in some of these coalmines, you get gas. When that gas blows up, people die. So you're producing a biogas out of coal in some mines, but not in others. 	1
(c) Decided on the following dates for the regular sessions of the Board and the Committee in 1998:	0
And the laws of these particles are valid throughout the universe, and they're very much connected with the history of the universe. 	1
They should have heard of it, but it's a little tricky to explain in technical detail, so I won't do it. I'll just mention it.  But Chen Ning Yang, called by us "Frank" Yang --  -- and Bob Mills put forward, 50 years ago, this generalization of Maxwell's equations, with a new symmetry. 	1
Candidatures for the appointment of an external auditor.	0
And it gave a very beautiful description of the strong force and of the weak force. 	1
(d) APPOINTMENT OF EXTERNAL AUDITOR (GC.7/6/Add.1)	0
Now if we want to design a foot, what do we have to do? 	1
The draft decision on item 12 (GC.7/CRP.7) was adopted for recommendation to the plenary.	0
PERSONNEL MATTERS: UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF PENSION FUND (GC.7/CRP.1, GC.7/CRP.7; GC.7/5)	0
You have to go to the literature and look up what's known about feet. 	1
(a) AFRICA (IN PARTICULAR THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT DECADE FOR AFRICA) (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.1; GC.7/16, GC.7/18, IDB.15/6, IDB.16/10, IDB.16/15, IDB.16/16 and Add.1, IDB.17/10, IDB.17/26)	0
(d) LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.2; GC.7/14)	0
When we did that, here's a new experiment that we did: we put an animal and had it run -- this grass spider -- on a surface with 99 percent of the contact area removed. 	1
Without a foot, here's what it does. It doesn't even slow down. 	1
The meeting was called to order at 3.25 p.m.	0
It can run the same speed without even that segment. 	1
Ms. DE PEREZ VENERO (Panama) said there were fundamental contradictions in the presentation of the policy and guiding principles for implementing the staff separation programme described in paragraphs 5 to 11 of document PBC.13/16.	0
The follow-up project is being designed as a High Impact Programme aiming at:	0
Now will this help us think about the design of more effective climbing robots? 	1
Mr. FRANCK (Luxembourg) said that only some of the recommendations to be made by the group could be implemented by the Board.	0
That nature uses hybrid solutions, not a single solution, to these problems, and they're integrated and beautifully robust. 	1
It means the design must be just the weapon for marketing, for producer to make product more sexy, like that, they sell more: it's shit, it's obsolete, it's ridiculous. 	1
2. The table of contents, for ease of reference, lists a serial number by which each decision or resolution may be cited, the title of each decision and resolution, the pertinent background document(s), a reference to the summary record of the plenary meeting at which the decision or resolution was adopted and the relevant agenda item.	0
What is the life of the owner of this mouth? In what society [does] this guy live? 	1
Me, I have strictly no power to change anything. 	1
So then -- pshoo-shoo -- lightning -- pshoo -- arrive -- pshoo-shoo -- makes life -- bloop bloop -- and that dies. 	1
The General Conference elected the following Vice-Presidents of the Conference at its seventh session: Mr. A. MENASRA (Algeria), Mr. J. KOHOUT (Czech Republic), Mr. J. ABU (Ghana), Mr. S. HOBEICA (Lebanon), Mr. A. NICULESCU (Romania), Mr. C. POOLOKASINGHAM (Sri Lanka), Mr. U. BREITER (Switzerland), Mr. J. HERRERA ONETO Y VIANA (Uruguay) and Mr. D. BOERSNER (Venezuela).	0
From this level, the more you can raise this angle of view, the more you will be important for the society. 	1
The General Conference adopted the agenda of its seventh session as contained in document GC.7/1/Rev.1.	0
That means intelligent people are in this angle. That is intelligence. 	1
GC.7/Dec.9 ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF THE PROGRAMME AND BUDGET COMMITTEE	0
The General Conference decided to establish a scale of assessments for the regular budget expenditures of UNIDO for the fiscal period 1998-1999, based on the annex to document IDB.18/13, which was based on the scale currently employed by the United Nations as established by the United Nations General Assembly in resolution 49/19 B, adjusted to the membership of UNIDO.	0
5 December 1997 GC.7/Dec.12 WORKING CAPITAL FUND	0
With many, many, many, many face of barbaria. 	1
That's why I say that. I say that, because, I repeat, nothing exist if it's not in the good reason, the reason of our beautiful dream, of this civilization. 	1
10.1(b)(iii) [text unchanged, renumbered only].	0
And if he does this an infinite number of times, which you can do in mathematics, he ends up with an infinite number of lines, each of which has an infinite number of points in it. 	1
It's the same pattern at many different scales. 	1
And he said, "Oh yeah, yeah! We knew about a rectangle within a rectangle, we know all about that." 	1
(e) In order to provide a measure of flexibility in implementing the programme of work, allowed the Director-General to submit to the Industrial Development Board for consideration, within the limits of the approved programme and budgets and the financial regulations, proposals that he might judge beneficial for the proper functioning of the Organization;	0
Here's one house with the sacred altar, here's the house of houses, the family enclosure, with the humans here where the sacred altar would be, and then here's the village as a whole -- a ring of ring of rings with the chief's extended family here, the chief's immediate family here, and here there's a tiny village only this big. 	1
(Hans Förster) (Carlos Alfredo Magariños)	0
Well, you see self-organizing patterns that spontaneously occur in this board game. 	1
4. Also requests the Director-General to submit a progress report on the implementation of the present resolution through the Industrial Development Board to the General Conference at its eighth session.	0
Express their concern with the sharp reduction of 20.001 per cent in the 1998-1999 programme and budgets, and call for this to be regarded as the last reduction in the UNIDO budget, and for reversing this trend;	0
The second phase should be launched as a high-impact programme aimed at:	0
I'll give you a shortcut for multiplying even faster on the calculator. 	1
1. Endorses the Plan of Action for the Alliance for Africa’s Industrialization2 as the implementing mechanism for the refocused programme of the Second Industrial Development Decade for Africa;	0
2. Further requests the Director-General to report on the measures taken to implement the present resolution to the Industrial Development Board at its twentieth regular session.	0
OK, another, another three-digit number, sir? 	1
Underlining the importance of the ICS technology development activities,	0
How many digits do you have, six or seven? 	1
You have a seven-digit number, call out any six of them please. 	1
You have a 10-digit calculator, sir, as well? 	1
Action taken in the first quarter of 1996.	0
You know, I'm struck by how one of the implicit themes of TED is compassion, these very moving demonstrations we've just seen: HIV in Africa, President Clinton last night. 	1
Then I started to think about the people in the Himalayas whose cataracts would be helped, and I realized that I went from this kind of narcissistic self-focus to altruistic joy, to feeling good for the people that were being helped. I think that's a motivator. 	1
Draft decisions and resolutions submitted on behalf of the Main Committee by its Chairman	0
The test was: from the moment they got together, how long it would take the guy to ask her a question with the word "you" in it. 	1
There is a newly coined word in the English language for the moment when the person we're with whips out their BlackBerry or answers that cell phone, and all of a sudden we don't exist. 	1
The word is "pizzled": it's a combination of puzzled and pissed off. 	1
Annotations to the provisional agenda, including organization of work of the session	0
So at one point, my brother-in-law gets up the courage to ask the one question he really wants to know the answer to, and that is: how could you have done it? 	1
Annotations to the provisional agenda, including organization of work of the session: note by the secretariat (HS/C/16/1/Add.1) - for decision	0
We're all unwitting victims of a collective blind spot. 	1
And I spent a couple of weeks going around with a social work agency that ministered to the homeless. And I realized seeing the homeless through their eyes that almost all of them were psychiatric patients that had nowhere to go. They had a diagnosis. It made me -- what it did was to shake me out of the urban trance where, when we see, when we're passing someone who's homeless 	1
Item 15. Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the seventeenth session of the Commission	0
But that's when I take out his letters and I read them, and the paper that touched his hand is in mine, and I feel connected to him. So maybe we all need to leave our children with a value legacy, and not a financial one. 	1
Western European and other States (Sweden)	0
I collect autograph books, and those of you authors in the audience know I hound you for them -- and CDs too, Tracy. 	1
So, as the boundaries of what we determine as the safety zone grow ever smaller, we cut off our children from valuable opportunities to learn how to interact with the world around them. 	1
And in a lot of cultures they give knives -- like, as soon as they're toddlers, they have knives. 	1
And that really gives them a handle on a world in a way that they don't often have access to. 	1
 And I just want to show you that I'm not just preaching, but I also practice. 	1
What is truer than truth? Answer: The story. 	1
In the last 20 years I have published a few books, but I have lived in anonymity until February of 2006, when I carried the Olympic flag in the Winter Olympics in Italy. 	1
When asked in a TV interview, "How could she look so good?" 	1
The Executive Director recommends that the Commission approve the programme budget for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation as proposed herein for the biennium 1998-1999. Page	0
My husband is offended when I say this -- although I have explained to him that what we do in private usually takes less than four minutes --  -- so he shouldn't take it personally. 	1
I have all the press clippings of those four magnificent minutes, because I don't want to forget them when old age destroys my brain cells. 	1
The final estimates of expenditure for 1998-1999 will therefore consist of the level of expenditure approved for 1996-1997, to which will be added the amount required to maintain that level of resources in 1998-1999 at 1997 prices, plus resource growth for a limited number of items and an allowance for inflation.	0
For most Western young women of today, being called a feminist is an insult. 	1
During 1994-1995 the Centre received $407,100 from the United Nations regular budget for general operating expenses, but upon the establishment of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON) this facility was deleted from regular budget provision for 1996-1997.	0
The first patient is in excruciating pain because she has several rotten molars. 	1
Item Initial estimates(a) Revised estimates	0
The day before, her husband beat her up because she was not home in time to prepare dinner for him. 	1
Expected contributions and pledges for 1996-1997:	0
Although women do two-thirds of the world's labor, they own less than one percent of the world's assets. 	1
I can promise you that women working together -- linked, informed and educated -- can bring peace and prosperity to this forsaken planet. 	1
$(1,638,454) being the unpaid pledges for future years as at 31 December 1995 (ref. schedule 1.1 of the audited accounts)	0
 Yes, I would love to have Sophia Loren's long legs and legendary breasts. 	1
We're going to go on a dive to the deep sea, and anyone that's had that lovely opportunity knows that for about two and half hours on the way down, it's a perfectly positively pitch-black world. 	1
And in a place where we thought no life at all, we find more life, we think, and diversity and density than the tropical rainforest, which tells us that we don't know much about this planet at all. 	1
Here's an octopus moving across the reef, finds a spot to settle down, curls up and then disappears into the background. 	1
That big brown makes his eyespot very big. 	1
The second category of projects funded by the Foundation consists of project expenditure incurred in providing the Governments of developing countries, particularly those of the least developed countries, with technical assistance in the formulation of documents for human settlements projects to be submitted to the United Nations Development Programme and other funding agencies.	0
And then there was good design for very low price. 	1
It is proposed that the reserve fund be maintained at the same level of $600,000 as in the current biennium.	0
And then, for instance, this other exhibition that was entitled Workspheres in 2001, where I asked different designers to come up with ideas for the new type of work styles that were happening in the world at that time. 	1
Table 1 on page below shows the 1996 income and expenditure under the main budgetary sources of the Centre.	0
Especially the good ones, not all of them. 	1
So, how do I explain this mysterious affinity? 	1
There would be no redundancy since there are no overlaps in the functions of the posts concerned.	0
"Well, I don't rightly know, Mr. Teszler. I reckon that would be Kings Mountain." 	1
"Ez a mi munkank; es nem is keves. Jó napot, pacák!"  	1
The response received from various parties interested in the development of the strategy points to the need for adopting an approach that builds on specific country demands and capacities and leads to the setting up of regional support mechanisms.	0
The cost is incidental but the gesture is huge. 	1
I said, "Senator, I'm reluctant to go into a field that I don't know much about, but I promise you that if you'll support my school, I'll get it built and in a couple of years, I'll come back and weigh out that program that you desire." 	1
The Executive Director has also decided on a new "Annual Report" format for the presentation of his progress report to the Commission (HS/C/16/2).	0
And this is the arts program I started in 1968. 	1
The full text of paragraphs 26 and 61 is annexed.	0
And Joe Williams came up to me and he put his hand on my shoulder and he said, "God's picked you, man, to do this work. 	1
The second meeting specifically devoted to the subject was the Expert Group Meeting on the Human Right to Adequate Housing, organized jointly by UNCHS (Habitat) and the United Nations Centre for Human Rights in Geneva on 18-19 January 1996.	0
We put the mops in the hallway and re-engineered the thing and that's where we recorded the first Grammy. 	1
And you ought to come and see it -- it's going to be a hell of a story. 	1
And I built the first building, and guess what happened? 	1
Liaison and collaboration with relevant United Nations agencies and national and international housing organizations and entities engaged in promotional activities on housing rights in general and the realization of the right to adequate housing in particular;	0
The moral of the story is you must be prepared to act on your dreams, just in case they do come true. 	1
(i) In the relevant activities of UNCHS (Habitat); and	0
This is in a place called San Francisco. 	1
- the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women (1979) (article 14, paragraph (2)(h));	0
The following report reviews cooperation with United Nations agencies, and also highlights their areas of focus in the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.	0
So I created this image of Diana, Dodi and their imaginary mixed-race child and this image came out, which caused a huge public outcry at the time. 	1
In November 1996, the Executive Director of UNCHS (Habitat) participated in the World Food Summit in Rome, linking the issues of global food security with the themes of the Habitat Agenda.	0
She looks nothing like Marilyn, but by the time we've made her up and put wigs and makeup on, she looks exactly like Marilyn, to the extent that her husband couldn't recognize her -- or recognize this look-alike -- in these photographs, which I find quite interesting. 	1
The Commission co-sponsored with Habitat the Fourth Meeting of Ministers Responsible for Human Settlements in European Countries with Economies in Transition, in Budapest, in June 1995, at which the Budapest Declaration was adopted.	0
And it's that wish, or that desire, that I suppose I'm dealing with in my work. 	1
The programme is continuing its operational activities in Costa Rica, Ecuador, Ghana and Uganda.	0
I then was asked by Selfridges to do a series of windows for them, so I built a sauna bath in one of their windows and created little scenes -- live scenes with look-alikes inside the windows, and the windows were all steamed up. 	1
UNCHS (Habitat) continued its collaboration with the Organization of American States in the development and application of building codes and settlements planning tools for disaster mitigation.	0
And also, commenting on the behind the scenes -- well, as we know now -- what goes on in prisons. 	1
This interactive partnership was evident in the design of the Conference, in that Committee II, the "partners' committee", was specially created for partners' hearings on, and commitments to, the Habitat Agenda.	0
 And I was the 40 percent owner of a dotcom that was about to go public and no doubt be worth billions more. 	1
2. Non-governmental and community-based organizations	0
I watched everything that I'd built crumbling, and it looked like all this stuff was going to die and 15 years work would have come for nothing. 	1
They defined their role as a major partner in promoting the necessary legislative reforms for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.	0
This has been a big, big transition time, and I believe that this conference can play a big part for all of us in taking us forward to the next stage to whatever's next. 	1
Non-governmental community-based organizations, local authorities and private sector organizations are active partners in this effort.	0
It's the total brain experience, we're going to ... 	1
You're going to have to fuck up really badly to make it bad." 	1
SCP involves non-governmental and community-based organizations in city-level activities, with a focus on capacity-building in environmental planning and management.	0
So, when you sign up for TED2003, every six weeks you'll get a care package with a book or two and a reason why they're linked to TED. 	1
The programme also collaborates with the Division for the Advancement of Women (DAW), INSTRAW, UNIFEM and UNEP within the United Nations system.	0
For that reason, UNCHS (Habitat) also intends to support the building or the strengthening of national and local capacities in monitoring and evaluation through the development of guidelines, the establishment of a roster in local expertise in monitoring and evaluation and other relevant activities.	0
We need to put this better market feedback. 	1
G. Networks of local monitoring and evaluation entities	0
Because I'm going to say, that is going to be the tool that's going to turn our usage overnight. 	1
This principle of partnership, retained as the fundamental philosophy of the Habitat Agenda, is the driving impulse for future international cooperation in the sector of human settlements.	0
During its sixteenth session, it is recommended that the Commission sets up an open-ended ad hoc working group which will consider all the Commission's rules of procedure with a view to bringing them into line with the recommendations of Habitat II and General Assembly resolution 51/177.	0
What you can do with that tool: we can create an economic engine. 	1
I mean it has evolved a very specific set of traits -- color, scent, flavor, pattern -- that has lured that bee in. 	1
By the year 2015, half the developing world's population will live in urban areas.	0
In contrast, and because of its high level of urbanization, Latin America's urban population will grow by only about 1.5 per cent a year for the rest of the century.	0
And that's when I got the idea, which was, "Well, what would happen if we kind of looked at us from this point of view of these other species who are working on us?" 	1
Children living in low-income settlements often have four times higher morbidity rates than their richer counterparts in the same city.	0
Now, the test of any idea -- I said it was a literary conceit -- is what does it get us? 	1
Along with children from single-headed households and street children, refugee children face specific psychosocial problems as their original cultural identities are often destroyed and they are exposed to widespread discrimination.	0
As an intellectual matter, looking at the world from other species' points of view helps us deal with this weird anomaly, which is -- and this is in the realm of intellectual history -- which is that we have this Darwinian revolution 150 years ago ... 	1
The Seminar was attended by 84 experts from all over the world.	0
And it's kind of natural that we would think it was the best tool. 	1
As follow-up to this initiative, UNCHS (Habitat), together with the UNICEF, conducted an International Workshop on rights after Habitat II: A Forward Looking Workshop for the Creation of Child-Friendly Cities.	0
Based on these initiatives, the issues of children's rights to shelter and related services were included in the declaration of the World Assembly of Cities and Local Authorities in Istanbul and the Istanbul Declaration on Human Settlements.	0
Just to give you grounds for comparison, rice: 35,000 genes. 	1
So the chickens do their kind of little breakdance and they're pushing around the manure to get at the grubs, and in the process they're spreading the manure out. 	1
Therefore, the need for sustainability of healthy living conditions has to be taken fully into account.	0
again, give each species what it wants, let it realize its desires, its physiological distinctiveness. 	1
Therefore, a specific support strategy for these programmes should be based on continued support and advocacy to make them more child-sensitive.	0
This is how the prairies were built, the relationship between bison and grasses. 	1
2. Working Towards Child-Friendly Cities (The report of the UNICEF/UNCHS (Habitat) Workshop on Children Rights after Habitat II: A Forward-Looking Workshop for the Creation of Child-Friendly Cities, Istanbul, 5 June 1996).	0
Maybe I should get away from this map completely, and really be honest about wanting to show you my favorite bits and pieces of Rome and simply kick a soccer ball in the air -- which happens in so many of the squares in the city -- and let it bounce off of things. And I'll simply explain what each of those things is that the soccer ball hits. 	1
She launches this thing above the Spanish Steps and sets off for an aerial tour of the city. 	1
The Chairman of the INCD would present the outcome of the Committee’s work in preparation of COP 1.	0
Adaptations all get buried under the stucco. 	1
Statements would be made on behalf of regional groups, to be followed by an opportunity for statements by representatives of United Nations agencies and other intergovernmental organizations and one NGO representative.	0
I could peel out a page of this palazzo to show you what's going on inside of it. 	1
And I thought, maybe I'm on the right track, but it sort of lost its human quality. 	1
The concluding plenary of COP 1 will take any decisions not previously adopted.	0
Goes off during the day and does normal pigeon stuff. Comes back, the whole place is covered with scaffolding and green netting and there's no way this pigeon can get home. 	1
In its decision 10/12, taken at its tenth session, the INCD recommended that the COP adopt a decision on this subject, contained in ICCD/COP(1)/8.	0
Article 22, paragraph 2(e) of the CCD provides that the COP shall adopt, by consensus, financial rules for itself and subsidiary bodies.	0
We swoop down over the Campo de' Fiori. 	1
Again, we can't know, but we can be pretty sure that some form of symbolic communication must have been involved. 	1
I simply want you to keep in mind that if in the past, new forms of cooperation enabled by new technologies create new forms of wealth, we may be moving into yet another economic form that is significantly different from previous ones. 	1
Organisation of work (ICCD/COP(1)/CST/1)	0
Millions of people have contributed their desktop computers when they're not using them to link together through the Internet into supercomputing collectives that help solve the protein folding problem for medical researchers -- that's Folding@home at Stanford -- to crack codes, to search for life in outer space. 	1
- CST work programme Preparation of report of CST	0
When V-Day met her, we asked her how we could support her and she said, "Well, if you got me a Jeep, I could get around a lot faster." So, we bought her a Jeep. 	1
2. Statement by Executive Secretary of Convention on Biological Diversity	0
Real security is not only being able to tolerate mystery, complexity, ambiguity, but hungering for them and only trusting a situation when they are present. 	1
On a typical day, do you wake up with hope or gloom? 	1
The COP1 agenda essentially defines the implementation of the instruments of the Convention.	0
And I went down and Chief Minister Badal said to me, "We Sikhs have suffered a great deal, as you have Jews. 	1
At its 13th plenary meeting on 10 October, the Conference, having considered further the rules of procedure, resolved some of the outstanding matters and took a further decision on the rules: see Part Two, decision 1/COP.1.	0
And the structures rise from the sand cliffs -- they're built in concrete and sandstones; the roofs are stainless steel -- they are facing south and reflecting light towards the temple itself, pedestrians crisscross from one side to the other. 	1
(i) Terms of reference of the roster of scientific experts	0
But one recognized the kind of uniqueness of the site. 	1
Mr. Mohammad Reza H.K. Jabbari (Islamic Republic of Iran)	0
He who seeks order shall find gratification. 	1
At the 11th plenary meeting of the COP1 on 9 October, the President opened the Plenary item "Dialogue on Building Partnerships for the Convention to Combat Desertification".	0
Military weapon versions that carried hydrogen bombs that could destroy half the planet. 	1
The intention was to undertake an open discussion with delegates and interact on a less formal basis with them.	0
This is the really secret stuff: how to get directed energy explosions. 	1
B. Decisions taken on the recommendation of INCD	0
If you saw the 1959 -- this is what it would feel like in the passenger compartment; that's acceleration profile. 	1
3/COP.1 Designation of a Convention Secretariat and arrangements for its functioning: administrative and support arrangements	0
Finally, at the very end in 1964, NASA steps in and says, "OK, we'll support a feasibility study for a small version that could be launched with Saturn Vs in sections and pieced together." 	1
28/COP.1 Date and venue of the second session of the Conference of the Parties	0
At its 8th plenary meeting on 8 October, the representative of Senegal made a statement, expressing his country's interest in hosting the second session of the Conference of the Parties.	0
It makes "What the Bleep Do We Know" seem like a doctoral dissertation from Harvard on quantum mechanics -- that's how bad it is. 	1
D. Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its first session	0
That movie is so horrible. It promotes such awful pseudoscience. 	1
He emphasized institutional cooperation between these conventions.	0
Chairperson of the Foreign Relations Committee of Parliament	0
Night shots are beautiful, piercing the Big Dipper and the Milky Way. 	1
To launch the big stuff, you go to the middle of nowhere: Black Rock Desert, where dangerous things happen. 	1
Secretariat of the Convention30 5/COP.1 Physical location of the Permanent Secretariat of the Convention31	0
18/COP.1 Procedures for the establishment and maintenance of a roster of	0
SJ: This is when they realize everything's gone haywire. 	1
It's a cadence you can't quite imagine. 	1
Decides to adopt the rules of procedure attached, with the exception of the phrase "in the regions referred to in the implementation annexes of the Convention" in paragraph 1 of rule 22, the phrase "in the regions referred to in the implementation annexes of the Convention" in rule 31, as well as paragraph 1 of rule 47,	0
So Puck meant not only are we fools in the pejorative sense, but that we're easily fooled. In fact, what Shakespeare was pointing out is we go to the theater in order to be fooled, so we're actually looking forward to it. 	1
And if you measure very, very carefully with a stiff arm and a straight edge, you'll see that those two shapes are exactly the same size. 	1
The Conference of the Parties should endeavour not to hold such sessions at a time which would make the attendance of a significant number of delegations difficult.	0
And what we saw yesterday was every reaction was fortuitous; they just swooped in the air and bound, and something happened. 	1
4. In the case of an extraordinary session held at the written request of a Party, it shall be held not more than ninety days after the date at which the request is supported by at least one third of the Parties in accordance with paragraph 3.	0
And if you don't understand that in your mental model of this stuff, what happens inside of a cell seems completely mysterious and fortuitous, and I think that's exactly the wrong image for when you're trying to teach science. 	1
1. Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by the Convention and which has informed the Permanent Secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Conference of the Parties as an observer may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present at the session object.	0
You can see the trapezoids are a little challenging there. 	1
And I thought I would do just one thing on the $100 laptop here just to prove that this stuff works here. 	1
The President so designated shall not at the same time exercise the rights of a representative of a Party.	0
But we couldn't create 1,000 new teachers this summer to save our life. 	1
But on the morning of December 10, 1996, I woke up to discover that I had a brain disorder of my own. 	1
It's that little voice that says to me, "Hey, you've got to remember to pick up bananas on your way home. 	1
1. Any representative may request that any part of a proposal or of an amendment to a proposal be voted on separately.	0
I'm thinking, "Oh my gosh, I sound like a Golden Retriever." 	1
The President may permit the Parties to explain their votes, either before or after the voting.	0
Well, you have to remember that TV was designed to be looked at eight times the distance of the diagonal. 	1
Having examined the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on the financial rules of the Conference of the Parties, its subsidiary bodies and the Convention Secretariat,	0
And when you touch it with your finger, you can actually, then, introduce all the forces on the face of that screen, and that actually has a certain amount of value. 	1
The purpose of the working capital reserve shall be to ensure continuity of operations in the event of a temporary shortfall of cash.	0
I want to move on to another example, which is one of a different sort, where we're trying to use computer and video disc technology now to come up with a new kind of book. 	1
(b) Facilitation of assistance to affected developing countries in accordance with article 23, paragraph 2 (c), and article 26, paragraph 7, of the Convention;	0
And you then say, "There's an opportunity for making conversational movies." Well, what does that mean? 	1
The Special Fund shall receive contributions pursuant to paragraphs 12 (b) and (c) earmarked to support the participation of representatives of developing, and in particular least developed, country Parties affected by desertification and/or drought, particularly those in Africa, in the sessions of the Conference of the Parties and its subsidiary bodies.	0
What I'll show you very quickly is a new kind of book where it is mixed now with ... all sorts of things live in there, but you have to keep a few things in mind. 	1
And here -- again, my favorite example -- is the cookbook, the "Larousse Gastronomique." 	1
(b) Other contributions made by Parties in addition to those made pursuant to paragraph (a);	0
And I think I use the example all too often, but it's a great one because there is a classic ending in that little encyclopedia-style cookbook that tells you how to do something like penguin, and you get to the end of the recipe and it says, "Cook until done." 	1
16. Contributions made pursuant to paragraph 12 (a) from States and regional economic integration organizations that become Parties to the Convention after the beginning of a financial period shall be made pro rata temporis for the balance of that financial period.	0
Now, I don't even know what vintage the transmission is, but let me just show you very quickly some of it, and we'll move on. 	1
Physical location of the Permanent Secretariat of the Convention	0
And so they said, "Well, what's reading then?" 	1
1. Approves the core budget of the Convention for 1999, as the second year of the biennium 1998—1999, amounting to US$ 6,100,000 Assuming that the estimated offset due to the relocation of the Permanent Secretariat will be at least US$ 600,000.	0
And all of a sudden ... You may not call that reading and writing, but a certain bit of typing and reading stuff on the screen has a huge payoff, and it's a lot of fun. 	1
So if I wanted to call my friend Peter Sprague on the phone, my secretary would get his head out and bring it and set it on the desk,  and that would be the TV used for the occasion. 	1
Procedures for the communication of information and review of implementation	0
Recalling further article 22, paragraph 2 (b) of the Convention, which provides that the Conference of the Parties shall promote and facilitate the exchange of information on measures adopted by the Parties, and determine the form and timetable for transmitting the information to be submitted pursuant to article 26, review the reports and make recommendations on them,	0
 Now, it's hard to do. It's hard to translate a fish form, because they're so beautiful -- perfect -- into a building or object like this. 	1
Conscious of the desirability of adopting procedures to organize and streamline the communication of information,	0
And Oldenburg, who I work with a little once in a while, told me I couldn't do it, and so that made it even more exciting. 	1
(v) Make recommendations on the establishment of ad hoc panels, including issues relating to the terms of reference, composition and modalities of work of the panels.	0
So he came back with a simpler building, but he put some funny details on it, and he moved it closer to my building. 	1
And so then I put this big billboard behind it. 	1
(i) Make recommendations on ways and means to identify and use technology, knowledge, know-how and practices relevant to combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought.	0
Terms of reference and modalities of work	0
5. Invites Parties and observers, where possible, to make contributions on a subregional or regional basis on this topic during the second session of the Committee.	0
Anyway, you enter into a garden with a beautiful grove of trees. 	1
Recalling decision 10/9 of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee (INCD),	0
These Stonehenge things were designed to give foreground and to create a greater depth in this shallow lot. 	1
4. Encourages the participants in such process to intensify their cooperation and collaboration in the work on benchmarks and indicators in the furtherance of the aims and objectives of the Convention;	0
And these are the kind of study models we did. 	1
4. Requests also the Permanent Secretariat and the organization housing the Global Mechanism, in consultation with the two other collaborating institutions, in developing the memorandum of understanding referred to in paragraph 3 above, to take fully into account document ICCD/COP(1)/5 and other related documents, including document ICCD/COP(1)/CRP.1, to address, inter alia, the following:	0
I just added it so that we'd have enough money in the budget so we could take something out. 	1
In order to increase the effectiveness and efficiency of existing financial mechanisms, a global mechanism is established to promote actions leading to the mobilization and channelling of substantial financial resources.	0
The light grid will have a light, be lit up at night and give a kind of light ceiling. 	1
(ii) Sources of financing from non-governmental organizations, foundations, academic institutions and other private sector entities that might be encouraged to provide funding, including their funding patterns and eligibility criteria;	0
I'm so cunning and clever -- I made it quiet and wonderful. 	1
(b) Provide identified United Nations agencies, funds and programmes, and multilateral financial institutions, with information and stimulate coordination among them, including in multiple-source financing.	0
It's related to an existing Chandler Pavilion that was built with a lot of love and tears and caring. 	1
(e) Provide information, making use of the Conference of the Parties and other relevant existing forums, that will:	0
This is the foyer, which is kind of a garden structure. 	1
(iii) Inform affected country Parties about each other's relevant activities;	0
- the GM would have access to resources, through its host and other organizations, as outlined in paragraph 4(e) of INCD negotiating text on the functions of GM; and	0
And the food wasn't as good as the stuff, and so it failed. 	1
Notwithstanding what it would offer if selected as housing institution, UNDP would nevertheless support the GM as follows:	0
And I'm just going to tell you one story, which got through to me. 	1
(a) Provide technical backstopping to National Action Programme (NAP)/Sub–regional Action Programme (SRAP) process;	0
I used to try to take the kids outside as often as possible, to try to connect the academic stuff with the real world. 	1
Recalling article 22, paragraph 4 of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification,	0
In this picture, you'll notice, the bang is extended. It's not a point. 	1
3. Requests the Executive Secretary to consult with the Government of Senegal with a view to entering into satisfactory arrangements for that Government to host the Conference in Dakar and to meet the related costs.	0
Furthermore, there's an experimental way to tell this theory, apart from the inflationary explanation that I told you before. 	1
to Combat Desertification Having considered the report on credentials of the Bureau of the first session of the Conference of the Parties and the recommendation contained therein,	0
And in this scenario, not only was the Big Bang not the beginning, as you can see from the picture, it can happen over and over again. 	1
And there've been bangs in the past, and there will be bangs in the future. 	1
Well, here's the number of physicians in Africa. 	1
Everyone lives together in this hotel -- lecturers and students -- and it's not surprising at all to find an impromptu tutorial at 1 a.m. 	1
Addition, deletion, deferment or amendment of items	0
And we want to add elements to the curriculum. 	1
The provisional agenda for an extraordinary session shall consist only of those items proposed for consideration in the request for the holding of the extraordinary session.	0
3. The President shall participate in the session in that capacity and shall not at the same time exercise the rights of a representative of a Party.	0
All these people that had sort of flexible daily hours and an interest in the English word -- I hope to have an interest in the English language, but I'm not speaking it well right now.  I'm trying. That clock has got me. 	1
Duties of the head of the Permanent Secretariat	0
In addition to its functions specified in the Convention, particularly in article 23, the Permanent Secretariat shall in accordance with the present rules:	0
And the other thing was, there was no stigma. 	1
It's right off the library. And there we serve all 529 kids in this middle school. 	1
2. Decisions of the Conference of the Parties on matters of procedure shall be taken by a majority vote of the Parties present and voting.	0
But it brought in so many people -- teachers, donors, volunteers, everybody -- because it was street level. It was open to the public. 	1
The President shall not permit the proposer of a proposal or of an amendment to a proposal to explain his/her vote on his/her own proposal or amendment, except if it has been amended.	0
These are all sort of repurposed other products, or whatever. 	1
2. A representative of a Party may speak in a language other than an official language if the Party provides for interpretation into one such official language.	0
Addicted to video games and TV. Couldn't concentrate at home. 	1
16. Contributions made pursuant to paragraph 12 (a) from States and regional economic integration organizations that become Parties to the Convention after the beginning of a financial period shall be made pro rata temporis for the balance of that financial period.	0
Go and study it."  And "go and study it" was what he meant. 	1
And it is often, perhaps, the very otherness of our enemies which can give us intimations of that utterly mysterious transcendence which is God. 	1
Thousands of books have been written about him, but there's controversy, and it remains, about his looks. 	1
Yes, it does. He was 33, 38 and 63 when these were made. 	1
(v) Make recommendations on the establishment of ad hoc panels, including issues relating to the terms of reference, composition and modalities of work of the panels.	0
Having reviewed the recommendations of the Intergovernmental Negotiating Committee on the procedures for the establishment of ad hoc panels,	0
But if you're still in pain in six months' or six years' time, it's because these circuits are producing pain that's no longer helping you. 	1
4. Experts nominated by the Parties shall ipso facto be included on the roster.	0
5. Parties may make new nominations or withdraw previous nominations to the roster at any time by so notifying the permanent secretariat through diplomatic channels.	0
I'm -- The first time you do something, it's science. 	1
Programme of work of the Conference of the Parties	0
I don't. Nor, I suspect, do many other people who are talking about what the future will bring. 	1
So it's highly -- that one's the cool one. 	1
Executive direction and management 945.4	0
Had collected photographs of me, as mothers will do. 	1
So, in order to measure the speed of sound, all I've got to do is know its frequency. Well, that's easy. 	1
It's 1.76 kilohertz. I measure its wavelength. 	1
And we'll say the frequency is 1.76 kilohertz, or 1760. 	1
Sputnik quickly became one of the three great shocks to hit America -- historians say the equal of Pearl Harbor or 9/11. 	1
But Sputnik provoked wonderful changes as well. 	1
It was come dark and rain, will make you weary and tired. 	1
Distant galaxies were moving away from us. 	1
The alternative is that civilizations don't last very long, but destroy themselves. 	1
Annex IV: Proposed Organisation Chart for the UNCCD Permanent Secretariat for 1999 GE.97-62292 ICCD/COP(1)/3/Add.1	0
As Mahatma Gandhi famously said, "You must become the change you wish to see in the world." 	1
In essence, it is assumed that, over the biennium, COP will take up a mix of "standing" and "selected" items and, in particular, the progress made in the implementation of the Convention; the reports of the Committee on Science and Technology and of the Global Mechanism; the review of the financing of Convention implementation by multilateral agencies and institutions; conciliation procedures derived from Article 28, paragraph 6 of the Convention, and procedures and mechanisms to resolve questions on implementation in accordance with Article 27; and the financial performance of the COP and its Secretariat.	0
The allocation of meetings during this period between the COP and the CST will need to be decided at a later stage in the light of the programme of work of each organ.	0
Put a price on carbon. We need a CO2 tax, revenue neutral, to replace taxation on employment, which was invented by Bismarck -- and some things have changed since the 19th century. 	1
The full cost of related requirements in Geneva, comprising translation, interpretation, meeting and documents services, can be estimated at USD 937,800.	0
supervise any intersessional work in support of the CST;	0
CO2 is the exhaling breath of our civilization, literally. 	1
maintain and update the roster of independent experts approved by COP on the recommendation of CST; and	0
And now we mechanized that process. Changing that pattern requires a scope, a scale, a speed of change that is beyond what we have done in the past. 	1
Another important part of the work programme in 1999 in the substantive area will likely concern benchmarks and indicators; the INCD has entrusted the Secretariat with establishing and continuing an informal open-ended consultative process on this subject (INCD decisions 9/12 and 10/9).	0
Have a moratorium -- we shouldn't have any new coal-fired generating plants that aren't able to capture and store CO2, which means we have to quickly build these renewable sources. 	1
It is proposed that the Secretariat unit established under this programme be headed by an officer at the D-1 level and comprise three other Professional (two P-5 and one P-4) and one General Service post.	0
We, most of us here, are Americans. We have a democracy. 	1
But it creates this unfortunate situation where a tiny, tiny fraction of the world can actually participate in this exploration or can benefit from that technology. 	1
It is reasonable to assume that support, as described in the above paragraph, will continue to be provided, all the more so since there still is wide disparity between countries and regions as regards the degree to which they have progressed in awareness raising, capacity building and the elaboration of action programmes.	0
To the extent that such action programmes have already been elaborated, assistance may need to be provided to the related feedback and evaluation process.	0
And now this is like an interactive whiteboard surface. 	1
grassroots and specialized NGO support to action programmes: conceptual design and editing of teaching materials; training courses; field visits and information-sharing, at an estimated cost for grants of USD 110,000;	0
So I hope to see more of that in the future, and hope online video distribution to be embraced by the research community. 	1
organization and convening of subregional meetings for each of the multidisciplinary scientific and technical consultative committees for the subregional organizations (USD 110,000 comprising USD 80,000 for the travel of participants, USD 10,000 for the travel of staff and USD 20,000 in grants);	0
When we started making these, I started thinking, why can't we make wonderful instruments like that for everybody, people who aren't fantastic Yo-Yo Mas or Princes? 	1
support to the review and analysis of communications received on the progress achieved at the regional level in Africa in implementing the Convention, and to the publication of an activity report from Africa (USD 30,000 for consultancies and USD 20,000 in grants for a total of USD 50,000); and	0
And music is very fun, but it's also transformative. 	1
Even though they're cubes, they actually have a lot of personality. 	1
The unit would also comprise four General Service posts.	0
And here's the great baritone James Maddalena as he enters The System. 	1
The objective would be to obtain as much necessary information as possible through the normal statutory reporting of the relevant agencies, and by attending and following up the meetings of their governing bodies.	0
We went with the type of gesture metaphor that Dan was already used to with his speaking controller. 	1
However, an amount of USD 25,000 is proposed to produce miscellaneous items (pens, pencils, caps, posters) for distribution at relevant events.	0
All of this completely ignores the fact that throughout this period, there's another supercomputer running in the world -- SETI@home. 	1
designing and developing, in close collaboration with other partner organizations, innovative ways of disseminating and collecting bibliographic information.	0
capacity in the hands of the entire population, and we've got human creativity, human wisdom, human experience -- the other major experience, the other major input -- which unlike simple labor -- stand here turning this lever all day long -- is not something that's the same or fungible among people. 	1
upgrade, with the financial support of the host Government, the four year old computer and telecommunications system;	0
strengthen the internal capacity of the Secretariat to collect and process information on its partner institutions and individuals, through the development of internal databases;	0
But what we're seeing now is the emergence of this fourth system of social sharing and exchange. 	1
strengthen, through the use of the internet and more traditional means, the capacity of the Secretariat to package and disseminate its information base for its constituents and partners; and	0
It's that it's the first time that it's having major economic impact. 	1
a fully computer-literate staff able to use information technology tools to its advantage.	0
Instead, what we see are social frameworks for all of the critical things that we use property and contract in the market: information flows to decide what are interesting problems; who's available and good for something; motivation structures -- remember, money isn't always the best motivator. 	1
information system support consultancies (USD 41,000 for 6 work/months);	0
So, a new social phenomenon is emerging. 	1
Overhead at the same rate on other voluntary funds, tentatively programmed for 1999 at a level of USD 8,727,300, would amount to USD 1,134,500.	0
The most popular news sites don't do much better. 	1
16. Moreover, to support other preparatory activities at the national level, the Secretariat has committed grant funds for the following:	0
That is totally wrong. Those of you in the audience here, if you want to help Africa, invest money in sustainable development. 	1
They'll give me that information, and we'll make the care of the patient better. 	1
From 10-12 March 1997, the third regional conference was held in Havana.	0
31. Costs incurred in the current biennium through June 1997 in connection with the above subregional and regional activities include US$ 393,000 in grant payments, US$ 58,000 in meeting expenses, US$ 255,000 in consultancies, some US$ 301,400 for the travel of participants and an estimated US$ 202,900 for the travel of Secretariat staff to support the different activities.	0
If you don't get this pacemaker, you will be dead. 	1
- Preparation of the Expert Group for Inter-Regional Eurasian Cooperation to be held in 1998;	0
Because now they will get a bachelors degree in medical imaging and all that kind of stuff. In the process, I want you to just hear from the trainees themselves what it has meant for them. 	1
It is aimed primarily at young readers, using humour and simple language to explain the problems of desertification and the efforts made to find solutions.	0
(i) to continue to publish the CCD newsletter;	0
And I have a sense that I probably copied this from a book. 	1
And my mother believed that something had gone wrong, and she was gonna find out what it was, and she was gonna fix it. 	1
(p) financial assistance to the Association for the Protection of Nature (APN-Sahel) for the printing and distribution of a simplified Convention kit translated into local languages; and	0
And you see, there's a lot of back and forth in trying to make that happen, trying to figure it out -- years and years, oftentimes. 	1
These are the things I constantly think about from day to day. 	1
But I do think there's a kind of serendipity, and I do want to know what those elements are, so I can thank them, and also try to find them in my life. 	1
And as I said, my mother did not believe in randomness. 	1
And I said yes, about this village of singing people, singing minority. 	1
This is a year when Einstein is basking in the glow of having discovered the special theory of relativity and decides to take on a new project, to try to understand fully the grand, pervasive force of gravity. 	1
Now, this idea was tested in 1919 through astronomical observations. 	1
This is a man who would risk his life on theory. 	1
3. Substantive and financial support to 10 Workshops/seminars to enable the launching of consultative processes on the Convention ($175,200);	0
III. REGIONAL AND INTER-REGIONAL CONSULTATION PROCESSES	0
So, imagine we look at a familiar object, just a candle in a holder, and imagine that we want to figure out what it is made of. 	1
Depending on the guidance of the COP, facilitation of Ad Hoc Panels or other meetings on networking of institutions, on benchmarks and indicators and on research priorities, including meetings with a background paper to be written-up by a consultant and participants travel ($271,200).	0
So what is the physical implication, though, relevant to those 20 numbers? 	1
that we'll be looking at in the next five, seven to 10 years or so. 	1
4. Mobilizing and channelling financial resources	0
One of the most effective anti-smoking ads was done by the Department of Health Services, showing that nicotine, which constricts your arteries, can cause a heart attack or a stroke, but it also causes impotence. 	1
(a) Promote actions leading to the mobilization and channelling of financial resources to all levels in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.	0
(c) Promote the use of existing bilateral and multilateral financial mechanisms and arrangements that mobilize and channel substantial financial resources to affected developing country Parties in combating desertification and mitigating the effects of drought.	0
Now we're also about to publish a study -- the first study showing you can change gene expression in men with prostate cancer. 	1
(f) Experience and capacity of the institution in supporting research activities and in facilitating the transfer, acquisition, adaptation and development of environmentally sound, economically viable and socially acceptable technologies.	0
(b) Modalities of staffing the global mechanism.	0
And the aim of particle physics is to understand what everything's made of, and how everything sticks together. 	1
We have come to the conclusion that the GM, in order to be effective, should be hosted by an International Financial Institution, especially in light of recent INCD negotiations on the further elaboration of GM functions.	0
Back at the start, in the first billionth of a second, we believe, or we've observed, it was very simple. 	1
Table 2.3 Global Mechanism Operating Costs	0
In principle, you should be able to calculate it from that equation. 	1
The submission proposed that the GM be supported by a "hosting system" with an international financial institution, with relevant mandate, experience and capacity, at its core.	0
But they're necessary: they're necessary to make that mathematics work. 	1
. collecting and disseminating information;	0
If that picture's true, then we have to discover those Higgs particles at the LHC. 	1
In essence, the GM must follow a "learning by doing" approach, given that no model exists for such a mechanism and in view of the inherently innovative nature of its role.	0
It began to expand about a million, billion, billion, billion billionth of a second -- I think I got that right -- after the Big Bang. 	1
(ii) Catalysing Multi-source/Multi-channel Financing; and	0
After about 400 million years, the first stars formed, and that hydrogen, that helium, then began to cook into the heavier elements. 	1
Noting that the GM should strive towards identifying and promoting innovative sources and mechanisms for CCD finance, the following modalities are presently envisaged for the GM, to be applied in conjunction with IFAD as appropriate.	0
And I think that's a wonderful and significant story. 	1
The Department would be responsible for ensuring the quality of those projects and programmes that would be financed by IFAD and potential cofinanciers.	0
♫ Now the moth defeats the mouse and man. ♫ ♫ It's messing with the plan. ♫ ♫ It can't be believed ♫ ♫ 'cause it's just a hummingbird moth ♫ ♫ who's acting like a bird ♫ ♫ that thinks it's a bee. ♫ ♫ Is it us or is this messed up? ♫ ♫ Everyone's deforming ♫ ♫ in the presence of the swarming ♫ ♫ of the bee of the bird of the moth. ♫ 	1
The GM would undertake the task of organizing the consortia upon request and undertake facilitating tasks during the critical stages of the process.	0
It was 19 degrees in St. Louis about a month ago and I'm happy to report that this performance you are seeing today is the earliest we have ever performed. 	1
This would be complemented by IFAD through an allocation of 30% of its NGO Extended Cooperation Programme, presently estimated at USD 2 million, for NGO/GRO pilot activities in support of the CCD.	0
♫ I'm having a heart attack ♫ ♫ I'm having a heart attack ♫ ♫ I'm having a heart attack ♫ ♫ I'm having a ... ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ Fingertips ♫ ♫ I walk along darkened corridors ♫ ♫ And I walk along darkened corridors ♫ Thank you very much -- "Fingertips." 	1
Once the decentralized system of reporting financial needs is established, according to guidelines provided by the GM, it will be relatively simple for the GM to maintain the aggregate inventory and provide information on financing needs under the CCD.	0
And once I put that in context, I'd like to tell you a little bit about technology: why I believe technology is a tremendous enabler; a very powerful tool to help address some of these challenges. 	1
That kind of tells you a little bit of an idea of the emphasis that my parents placed on education. 	1
In view of the importance which National Desertification Funds may have and the need to find ways and means of tapping new and additional resources for the implementation of the CCD, this particular GM function could have a critical influence in mobilizing and channelling resources for the implementation of the Convention.	0
how Mozart was the most romantic of all the classic composers ever, and how Claire de Lune, which was one of his favorites, was a real exposure to me to classical music. 	1
It should serve as a basis for the COP members individually and collectively to take corrective actions if any, to make policy recommendations to governments, regarding the funding of their programmes, and to IFIs and other donors as well as to NGOs concerned.	0
And not tough in the sense that most people think of, where your parents yell at you or hit you or whatever. 	1
On the basis of this report, the governments individually and the COP would take actions related to the future work of the GM.	0
Now, I don't know how many of you have ever done that with your kids, but if you do, please trust me, it's the most pressure you can put on a child, to say --  -- we trust you that you will always do the right thing. 	1
Relationship to COP. The Global Mechanism will function under the authority and guidance of the COP and be accountable to it.	0
This is really a business venture, one that addresses a very challenging segment of the market. 	1
The head of Programme Area A would act as deputy to the Managing Director.	0
And it has to be based on a geo-sensitive approach. 	1
What I mean by that, and let me use this example, the country of South Africa, because I was just there, therefore I'm a little bit familiar with some of the challenges they have. 	1
Those of you that might be familiar with Mexico -- Michoacan is a very colorful state. 	1
We have now discovered that there is a multi-directional transfer of nutrients between plants, mitigated by the mcyelium -- so the mycelium is the mother that is giving nutrients from alder and birch trees to hemlocks, cedars and Douglas firs. 	1
In the broader context of its commitment to assisting Parties in the implementation of the Convention, IFAD is confident that its accumulated institutional experience and capacity could be harnessed to enable it to play a dynamic and synergistic role in hosting the Global Mechanism and facilitating its work.	0
We call it mycophobia, the irrational fear of the unknown, when it comes to fungi. 	1
Besides a number of traditional Trust Funds, IFAD has also initiated and launched a number of strategic coalitions with various partners with the aim of mobilizing additional resources, focusing on specific development priorities.	0
420 million years ago, this organism existed. 	1
The programme is being implemented through a collaborative programme between IFAD-WHO-UNICEF-UNDP and the Government of Belgium.	0
The Earth was struck by an asteroid, a huge amount of debris was jettisoned into the atmosphere. 	1
Strategic Coalitions with Other Institutions	0
There were four piles saturated with diesel and other petroleum waste: one was a control pile; one pile was treated with enzymes; one pile was treated with bacteria; and our pile we inoculated with mushroom mycelium. 	1
IFAD's most direct contribution to combating desertification and the effects of drought is at the local level through the development and financing of programmes and projects that could serve as replicable responses to the causes and consequences of poverty and environmental degradation in dryland areas.	0
We tried it against flu A viruses -- H1N1, H3N2 -- as well as flu B viruses. 	1
The Fund has recently increased its ceiling for TAGs from 5% to 7% of annual effective lending operations, or about USD 30 million.	0
And so my house came down, I received my first patent against carpenter ants, termites and fire ants. 	1
Criterion 1(g). Experience and capacity of the institution to assist affected developing country Parties in dealing with poverty eradication and development issues, in conformity with the priority to Africa accorded in Article 7 of the Convention.	0
I've been told by executives of the pesticide industry -- that they have ever witnessed. 	1
Generating ethanol from cellulose using mycelium as an intermediary -- and you gain all the benefits that I've described to you already. 	1
9. Central American Bank for Economic Integration (BCIE)	0
What I'd like to do is just drag us all down into the gutter, and actually all the way down into the sewer because I want to talk about diarrhea. 	1
I really think that this subtitle explains what somebody like me, who's sort of a Darwin wannabe, how they actually look at one's role in sort of coming into this field of health sciences and medicine. 	1
I was hoping to hear a few gasps at least. 	1
And we found that in Chile -- within two months of the invasion of Peru you had strains entering Chile -- and when you look at those strains, in the very far left-hand side of this graph, you see a lot of variation in the toxin production. 	1
. has experience in leveraging additional resources, to complement its resources.	0
So the other thing I really like about this, besides the fact that it brings a whole new dimension into the study of control of disease, is that often the kinds of interventions that you want, that it indicates should be done, are the kinds of interventions that people want anyhow. 	1
2.2 KNOWLEDGE OF UNDP REGARDING DESERTIFICATION & DROUGHT AND OTHER RELEVANT EXPERIENCES	0
 And juggling -- the balls cross and all that. 	1
Success in meeting the objectives of the CCD will also require development of appropriate technologies to solve land management problems, enhance food security and sustainable livelihoods.	0
Since its launching in March 1996, some 70 countries have requested UNDP assistance to develop and implement policies for poverty eradication.	0
Index finger, middle finger, ring, little. 	1
2.5.2 Providing access to credit and productive assets to the poor through micro-finance	0
Finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger. 	1
Recently, UNDP, UNCDF and the West African Development Bank (WADB) signed an agreement to establish a regional micro-finance window in WADB to assist micro-finance systems throughout West Africa.	0
Finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger, finger. OK. 	1
It shall also assume responsibility, as appropriate, for arrangements to facilitate financial and administrative management and reporting on resources (financial and human) that may be made available for the work of the Global Mechanism.	0
I don't need music for it. Talking about time in a moment. 	1
(i) A one-time contribution of US$1 million from UNDP's global programme resources;	0
 So, I'll come back to that in a second. But working with one ball, now, what if you attach something to it, or change it. 	1
5.1. Mobilization and channelling Resources	0
So, I'm off in my new direction with this to explore rhythm and space. 	1
- Major International NGOs: Substantial ODA resources are now channelled through large international NGOs (e.g. CARE International, OXFARM, etc) working to support short-term emergency assistance and long-term development.	0
About 10 years ago, I was at a cocktail party with a friend of mine, and we're sitting there, and he was complaining about the crows that he had seen that were all over his yard and making a big mess. 	1
This could be assured through, for example, training seminars and workshops on ways to access funding from the sources identified and technical support for preparing funding requests.	0
So, for example, rats are incredibly responsive breeders. 	1
Discussions are under way with China, Kazakhstan and Pakistan to identify areas for UNSO support.	0
6. The second and third columns of the Annex provide details of administrative and operational modalities under the two housing scenarios.	0
And they do this here. It's the same deal. 	1
The South and West became agricultural hubs, and in other parts of the country, suburbs took over farmland. 	1
 But this may have cut down on housework, but it cut down on the variety of food we ate as well. 	1
Who needed it though? Meat was everywhere. 	1
(b) nominations come from the countries listed in Annex IV;	0
5. Bearing in mind the relevant provisions of the Convention and the recommendations of the INCD, the COP may wish to consider any recommendations from the Committee on Science and Technology regarding the establishment of the roster, including possible guidance to the Secretariat as to steps to be undertaken for making the roster more balanced in terms of geographical distribution, disciplines and gender representation.	0
Not that they were any good, but they were there. 	1
Meanwhile, food production had become industrial. Industrial. 	1
also recommended the establishment, at the national and subregional levels, of partnership arrangements with relevant developed countries; and	0
The Lome session set three objectives to be met during deliberations in Niamey in July 1997: determining and agreeing on the priorities of a subregional action programme for West Africa, defining the methodology and timing for elaborating the activities of the programme and settling its coordination, funding and assessment mechanisms.	0
In fact, there's no diet on Earth that meets basic nutritional needs that won't promote growth, and many will make you much healthier than ours does. 	1
The Niamey meeting should thus give decisive impetus to the West African subregional action programme.	0
We don't eat animal products for sufficient nutrition, we eat them to have an odd form of malnutrition, and it's killing us. 	1
In a ministerial declaration from that Conference, African environment ministers reaffirmed their determination to honour engagements undertaken at the Rio Summit, in particular with respect to the CCD.	0
11-12 March Teheran National Awareness Seminar in Iran	0
It's absolutely pitch black, because photons cannot reach the average depth of the ocean, which is 12,000 feet. In the Rift Valley, it's 9,000 feet. 	1
28-29 May Amman National Awareness Seminar in Jordan	0
Most of our planet does not feel the warmth of the sun. 	1
Or so we thought. And so in our initial explorations, we were totally focused on exploring the boundary of creation, looking at the volcanic features running along that entire 42,000 miles. 	1
13-15 December Barcelona IV Euro-Med Forum (NGO)	0
It's not a flood, it was pushed up there. 	1
(c) Only accredited delegates of parties will participate.	0
So the Easter Bunny has put things in the ocean floor, and you have massive heavy metal deposits that we're making in this mountain range. 	1
None of it in our textbooks. None of this in our textbooks. 	1
By its decision 10/11, the INCD requested the Secretariat to prepare a list of nominations received by 31 May 1997 and to submit such a list to the first session of the COP for establishment of the roster (ICCD/COP(1)/6).	0
Its mission is to go where no one has gone before on planet Earth. 	1
The CST may wish to consider recommending to the COP the establishment of any ad hoc panels which may be required.	0
But we have no idea what we're going find when we go out there with our technology. 	1
Those are pretty good escapes from the drab weather in Switzerland. 	1
(iii) A strategy by which a global network of networks, institutions, agencies and bodies can be established for the purpose of supporting the implementation of the Convention.	0
 So, I had to start on my own. So I moved to San Francisco, and I started a little company, fuseproject. 	1
o Arabian Peninsula (Saudi Arabia, United Arab Emirates, Qatar, Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman and Yemen)	0
It allows the person to switch, and to mix these two colorations. 	1
And it's done in a very simple way: one just touches the base of the light, and on one side, you can mix the brightness, and on the other, the coloration of the light. 	1
It's really about designing from the inside out. 	1
— At the national level: fast means of communication + fax + electronic mail	0
He wanted to bring education and he wanted to bring technology, and those are pillars of his life, but also pillars of the mission of One Laptop per Child. 	1
It's because we were able to run, during the manufacturing process, 20 colors for the X and the O, which is the name of the computer, and by mixing them on the manufacturing floor, you get 20 times 20: you get 400 different options there. 	1
 And it was a prototype. And a month and a half later, I come back to Switzerland, and there he is playing with his own version. 	1
China National Center for Research and Development and Desertification Control is able to carry out the preliminary survey and evaluation of “potential units, particularly existing networks” (see attached).	0
It's a little bit like designing a fire hydrant, and it has to be easily serviceable: you have to know where it is and what it does. 	1
And here's the public service announcement for this project. 	1
UNCCD has been ratified by China in December 1996.	0
 And if anybody asks why you're carrying a condom, you can just say you like the design. 	1
(g) China is applying for the establishment of the Asian and African Research, Development and Training Center on Combating Desertification in Beijing.	0
I would make things for people as a way of, you know, giving, showing them my love. 	1
Now, this kind of machine is as close as I can get to painting. 	1
And it really -- it's almost like doing visual puns all the time. 	1
— Conducting studies and research in order to suggest development options for food security, natural resource management and population management in the Sahel;	0
— Fostering the development of a regional scientific and technical space.	0
 And then, I got a call from a friend who wanted to have a show of erotic art, and I didn't have any pieces. 	1
— Strengthening the capacity of INSAH and national farm research systems as regards documentation and scientific and technical communications, with a view to making better use of research findings.	0
Just to put everything in context, and to kind of give you a background to where I'm coming from, so that a lot of the things I'm going to say, and the things I'm going to do -- or things I'm going to tell you I've done -- you will understand exactly why and how I got motivated to be where I am. 	1
4. South eastern part of the Eastern Desert	0
OK, I know it's not AIDS, I know it's not malaria, but we still need this stuff. Oh yeah, echo -- this was just to get the children ready and the adults ready. 	1
5. Establishing a specific bulletin for the network activities.	0
The oxygen tanks didn't quite work right. 	1
It has two subregional, specialized scientific and technical institutions: AGRHYMET and INSAH. These have their own subregional and international collaboration networks in their respective scientific domains.	0
We humans are Earth's Pandoran species. 	1
According to the terms of reference, the object of the first phase of the study is to survey and evaluate institutions and networks that might become units of a worldwide network on which the Committee on Science and Technology could draw.	0
Isn't that a wonderful thought, that there could be such a thing as a best idea anybody ever had? 	1
Outcome 3: Producing a methodology for the regular updating of the survey by CST	0
All right everyone, who's got some interesting memes for me? 	1
But some of them will be copied because they're good, or true, or useful, or beautiful. 	1
There's one particular curious meme which I rather enjoy. 	1
For this purpose, UNEP is proposing a consortium of several competent organizations and institutions coordinated by UNEP to implement Phase 1 of this activity.	0
Some hotels exploit the opportunity to put even more memes with a little sticker. 	1
Some of these organizations have submitted separate proposals to the interim secretariat to undertake activities relevant to activities to be covered by this proposal.	0
And you know, actually, all it tells you is that another person has potentially spread germs from place to place. 	1
(a) description of structure, geographical scope, mode of operation, and possibilities to work for the Convention of the unit surveyed;	0
So, the big brain, on this theory, is driven by the memes. 	1
(b) role in areas such as information collection and exchange, research, technology transfer, benchmarks and indicators, capacity-building, policy formulation and local-level activities;	0
This is why, in "The Meme Machine," I called it memetic drive. 	1
Each member of the Consortium, or other collaborating organizations, is expected to interact with other partners in the Consortium to implement the project.	0
It's been very productive, that equation. 	1
UNEP shall submit quarterly project expenditure accounts and final accounts for the project, including all sub-projects, showing the amount budgeted for the year and, separately, the unliquidated obligations.	0
Desertification network system (DNS) may be structured at all levels from bottom up, namely, national, subregional, regional and international.	0
The first draft of the document will be presented for discussion.	0
- Logistics (computer, car services, etc.) = $ 2 000	0
- Return air-tickets = 2 (experts) x $1 000 = $ 2 000	0
It wasn't just compassion for Europe, though there was that. 	1
(d) A standard minimum set of indicators applicable worldwide needs to be established, along with indicators suited to each region in order to take account of specific regional features;	0
And I've looked globally, I've taken all the countries in the world for the last 40 years, and looked to see what the relationship is. 	1
Benchmarks for implementation indicators, such as average performance in terms of indicator value in a region or subregion, could be established.	0
(b) UNSO has undertaken a study of the population in dry areas, notably in Africa. Similar studies are planned for the Asian and Latin American regions.	0
At that stage I just wanted to abandon the research, but --  -- it turns out that democracy is a little bit more complicated than that. 	1
A company flies in, does a deal with a minister. 	1
. Regional Appropriate international and regional bodies	0
Actually, technically, it's not a rectum. It's called a cloaca. 	1
National National Coordination Units (NCUs), Non-Governmental Organizations (NGOs) with links to relevant institutions	0
Sub-National Responsible Sub-Nationals, e.g. state, provincial, district, departmental; NGOs with strong functional links and assistance to NCU's	0
And I was stuck, because I didn't have any way to describe what I do. 	1
Ideally one indicator per issue and expected result. .	0
And somewhere along the line, somebody said, "I know! Let's cut down the last tree and commit suicide, because we need more identical statues." 	1
iii) exchange of information agreements on partnerships and scientific cooperation	0
- providing training, facilities, methods, materials and finance	0
So, they say the eyes are the windows of the soul -- turns out they're a window to a whole lot more stuff. 	1
At the tenth INCD session, the Secretariat presented a report (A/AC.241/67) identifying bodies of other relevant organizations and conventions performing work similar to that envisaged for the Committee on Science and Technology (CST).	0
So, I'm either really good at faking it, or this particular model seems to work. 	1
So, you hike around and -- this is after you dig them up, they look like this. 	1
And there's some stuff poking out. So, you look at that, and you look up close, and you say, "Well, gee, that's kind of interesting. What are all of these pieces?" 	1
Article 2, paragraph (a)(iv) provides that the functions of the CST include advising "on possible research priorities for particular regions and subregions, reflecting different local conditions."	0
The other interesting thing that I learned about whale sex: they curl their toes too. 	1
The secretariat can be reached at the following address:	0
If you look at it and focus on the white, what you see is a world full of angels. 	1
They can be contacted at the following address:	0
I became an expert witness for one of the guards, Sergeant Chip Frederick, and in that position, I had access to the dozen investigative reports. 	1
Who are the bad apples?" Well, that's a bad question. 	1
And what is the system that creates and maintains that situation? 	1
In addition, the Automobil Club Italia may provide a car hire desk.	0
And the good news that I'm going to hopefully come to at the end is that it makes some of us heroes. 	1
And the ad said, "Psychologists want to understand memory. 	1
And as you go along, the guy is screaming, "I've got a heart condition! I'm out of here!" 	1
The financial and human cost to society of such massive displacements can be huge due to the social, political and economic tensions it causes.	0
What are the external parallels? For all research is artificial. 	1
African, Asian, Latin American, European and North American artists have produced an interesting combination of drawings that show how desertification is perceived in different parts of the world, and how humour can turn a dramatic problem into a comic image.	0
In others, they paint themselves like "Lord of the Flies." 	1
1. Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]	0
My whole life, I'm now going to focus away from evil -- that I've been in since I was a kid -- to understanding heroes. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the impact of approved savings measures on the implementation of mandated programmes and activities (A/C.5/51/53, A/52/7 and A/52/ 16)	0
They organize their life around this. That's why we know their names. 	1
The meeting will take place on Thursday, 9 October 1997, at 10 a.m. in Conference Room 2.	0
A half an inch would have taken his head off. 	1
The Commit-tee will begin its substantive work (in accordance with the programme contained in document A/C.3/52/L.1, as approved by the Committee at its 2nd meeting) on Monday, 13 October 1997, at 3 p.m. sharp.	0
So the point is thinking it and then doing it. 	1
But what is enveloping Machu Picchu from below? 	1
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization [151] (A/52/33, A/52/308, A/52/317)	0
They're unique facets of the human imagination. 	1
Our industrial society is scarcely 300 years old. 	1
That's actually an optimistic observation, because it suggests that if human beings are the agents of cultural destruction, we can also be, and must be, the facilitators of cultural survival. 	1
As recommended in General Assembly resolution 50/227, the Second Committee will hold informal consultations on all organizational matters on Thursday, 9 October 1997, at 3 p.m. in Conference Room 7.	0
So, I was able to go in and draw down photos that had been tagged "Mermaid Parade." There were 3,100 photos taken by 118 photographers, all aggregated and then put under this nice, neat name, shown in reverse chronological order. 	1
The Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will hold informal consultations on the reports of the Executive Board field visits to Jamaica, Turks and Caicos Islands and Cuba (DP/ 1997/CRP.24) and to Kyrgyzstan and Latvia (DP/1997/CRP.26) on Thursday, 9 October 1997, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in the Eco-nomic and Social Council Chamber.	0
You notice we haven't got everybody who has a photo. 	1
Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997 [115]	0
It's taken over a wider geographic area. 	1
The Secretary of the Committee responded to a question posed.	0
Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirtieth session [148]	0
And curiously, in these systems, as they grow larger, the systems don't converge; they diverge more. 	1
Journalism was an answer to an even more important question, which is, how will society be informed? 	1
The presentation will be given by the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the United Nations, H.E. Mr. Jorgen Bøjer, and the Commanding Officer of SHIRBRIG, Brigadier General Finn Særmark-Thomsen.	0
50 years in which loosely coordinated groups are going to be given increasingly high leverage, and the more those groups forego traditional institutional imperatives -- like deciding in advance what's going to happen, or the profit motive -- the more leverage they'll get. 	1
SUMMARY OF SCHEDULED MEETINGS Tuesday, 7 October 1997	0
And that's going to happen one arena at a time, one institution at a time. The forces are general, but the results are going to be specific. 	1
But the point is that it's going to be a massive readjustment. 	1
H.E. Mr. Hugo Saguier Caballero (Paraguay) was elected as Chairman of Meeting by acclamation.	0
And the professional, historical linguists in the U.S. 	1
The representatives of Madagascar and Benin made statements.	0
Chris Anderson: Do you have a hunch or a hope for what the answer to that is? 	1
He talked about doing it with marbles, having gates and what we now call shift registers, where you shift the gates, drop the marbles down the tracks. 	1
Elections, nominations, confirmations and appointments [1]	0
The instructions which govern this operation must be given in absolutely exhaustive detail. 	1
Hearing of a representative of a Non-Self-Governing Territory: Guam	0
"Everything up to this point is wasted time." "What's the use? Good night." 	1
The lists of speakers for the general debate, and all other items allocated to the Second Committee, are open for inscription.	0
The provisional agenda for the meeting of the Steering Committee is available at the Permanent Mission of Portugal (tel. (212) 759-9444) and at the office of the United Nations Youth Unit (DESA/ DSPD) ((212) 963-2791).	0
So there it is, 50 years later, sitting there -- sort of suspended animation. 	1
Also on the proposal of the President, the General Assembly agreed that the first meeting of the Open-ended Informal Consultations of the Plenary on Agenda Item 157 (United Nations reform: measures and proposals) be held immediately after the adjournment of the 29th plenary meeting.	0
We've been doing that since, you know, since we started PCR and synthesizing small strings of DNA. 	1
Statements were made by the representatives of Egypt, India, Indonesia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Mexico and the United States.	0
It took really three people: Barricelli had the concept of the code as a living thing; Von Neumann saw how you could build the machines -- that now, last count, four million of these Von Neumann machines is built every 24 hours; and Julian Bigelow, who died 10 days ago -- this is John Markoff's obituary for him -- he was the important missing link, the engineer who came in and knew how to put those vacuum tubes together and make it work. 	1
And it's Julian Bigelow who was running it until midnight when the machine was officially turned off. 	1
Consideration of reports of States parties [4]	0
It's like when you're mean to your wife because you're mad at somebody else. 	1
The Committee considered the item in closed session.	0
Or when you drink a little too much at a party, just out of anxiety. 	1
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.	0
They just don't do that in that industry. 	1
Statement by the Under-Secretary for Economic and Social Affairs	0
And yet on that same day, 1,100 Americans died from smoking. 	1
This is a real challenge to do this, because animals, when you start to really look inside them -- how they work -- appear hopelessly complex. There's no detailed history of the design plans, you can't go look it up anywhere. 	1
Professor Helleiner will address the question “What kind of a finance conference would the world need?”. All members of delegations, Secretariat staff and repre-sentatives of non-governmental organizations and the press are invited to attend.	0
Nobody in biology ever modeled it this way. 	1
The presentation is prepared to the benefit of permanent representatives, peacekeeping experts and military advisers, as well as Secretariat staff.	0
It's a technique where they can mix materials together and mold any shape that they like, and put in the material properties. 	1
Here's the first example of that. This is the Stanford Shape Deposition Manufactured robot, named Sprawl. 	1
It moves in a gait that an insect uses, and here it is going on the treadmill. Now, what's important about this robot, compared to other robots, is that it can't see anything, it can't feel anything, it doesn't have a brain, yet it can maneuver over these obstacles without any difficulty whatsoever. 	1
They can run up a wall at a meter a second, 15 steps per second, and they look like they're running on the level. How do they do this? 	1
They do this with their toes. It's bizarre! This peeling inspired iRobot -- that we work with -- to build Mecho-Geckos. 	1
* The date of receipt of the relevant documents.	0
If you have a son or a daughter that wants to come to Berkeley, come to my lab and we'll figure this out. Okay, send them to Berkeley because that's the next thing I want to do. Here's the gecko mill. 	1
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.	0
It uses a pressure-sensitive adhesive to do it. 	1
Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs: election of five non-permanent members of the Security Council [15 (a)]. Committees	0
But the ants do, and we'll figure out why, so that ultimately we'll make this move. And imagine: you're going to be able to have swarms of these six-millimeter robots available to run around. 	1
And those are some of the pictures that -- something was good about the burnt pictures. 	1
Secretariat of the United Nations. GROUP OF 77	0
Most people have cooking fires in the world, whether it's camel dung or wood. 	1
 I see some of you recognize this child. 	1
The 2nd and 3rd meetings of the Open-ended Informal Consultations of the Plenary on Agenda Item 157 (United Nations reform: measures and proposals) will be held on Wednesday, 15 October 1997, at 10 a.m. and 3 p.m. in Con-ference Room 4, for an exchange of views on the actions and recommendations contained in the report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950).	0
Members will also have before them Conference Room Papers A/52/CRP.1 and 2 as well as the Informal List of Measures and Proposals provided by the Secretariat on 7 October 1997.	0
The new stamps, first-day covers, souvenir card and hand cancellations can be obtained by members of delegations and the staff at the north end of the Secretariat Lobby today from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. and at the UNPA sales counter in the concourse of the General Assembly Building from 9 a.m. to 5.30 p.m. Details about the new stamps and souvenir card can be found in information circular ST/IC/1997/63.	0
 But basically, it's just a B, with four sads. 	1
 Because for me, to join the B to the E, I have to stop thinking about every single note along the way, and start thinking about the long, long line from B to E. 	1
This is about vision. This is about the long line. 	1
1. United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina (A/51/ 519/Add.5 and Corr.1)	0
So now, I have one last thought, which is that it really makes a difference what we say -- the words that come out of our mouth. 	1
She went to Auschwitz when she was 15 years old. 	1
Unfortunately, it was the last thing she ever said to him, because she never saw him again. He did not survive. 	1
And so when she came out of Auschwitz, she made a vow. 	1
Relevant sections of the report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)	0
Section 26: Communications and public information	0
♫ You’re my Clonie. ♫ "Oh Clonie, how I love you." 	1
And he was a clever man. He sort of said, "Well, that's OK, but you've done very well in your math SATs." 	1
Among the issues to be discussed will be the adoption of the Committee’s rules of procedure, including the accreditation of other observers from intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations. Announcement	0
And I said, "Boy, let's really do something that takes advantage of all these features," and thought that if we could address education, by leveraging the children, and bringing to the world the access of the computers, that that was really the thing we should do. 	1
What happens is, they burn into flash memory the software, and then test them for a few hours. 	1
The presentation will be given by the Permanent Representative of Denmark to the United Nations, H.E. Mr. Jorgen Bøjer, and the Commanding Officer of SHIRBRIG, Brigadier General Finn Særmark-Thomsen.	0
That was very important, and in some sense, we've lost that. 	1
This is the same village in Cambodia, just a couple of months ago. 	1
Election of five non-permanent members of the Security Council [15 (a)]	0
We've got money in the bank. It's because you get the best people. 	1
Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or De-grading Treatment or Punishment, adopted by the General As-sembly of the United Nations on 10 December 1984	0
But it was really, to us, very important as a strategy. 	1
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.	0
I'm willing to suspect some of you hadn't even heard of them before. 	1
So we went to smaller ones. Uruguay, bless their hearts. 	1
Implementation of the outcome of the World Summit for Social Development: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/305) [46].	0
Small country, not so rich. President said he'd do it, and guess what? 	1
COMMITTEE FOR PROGRAMME AND COORDINATION	0
And if we do that, there are going to be a lot of lucky kids out there. 	1
And if it went really well, we might do three parabolas. 	1
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.	0
And a lot of rituals involved killing, killing little animals, progressing along, so when I turned 13 -- and, I mean, it made sense, it was an agrarian community, somebody had to kill the animals, there was no Whole Foods you could go and get kangaroo steak at -- so when I turned 13, it was my turn now to kill a goat. 	1
Effects of atomic radiation [84] (A/52/46, A/C.4/52/L.2)	0
And so, I remember night after night, you'd hear all these men, these really hardened criminals, huddled around John James, reciting, "Take that, Spidey!" 	1
On this special occasion, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, H.E. Mr. Kofi Annan will recognize project represent-atives from Viet Nam, South Africa, El Salvador and from the United States for their outstanding contributions to the eradication of poverty.	0
And she said, "He says he knows who you are, what do you want?" 	1
A girl whose mother had been a prostitute, and she was a prostitute, and a boy who'd been in and out of jail. 	1
I said, "All I know is, I've been photographing a lot of these children." 	1
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system (A/52/431, A/52/413)	0
And they actually take items of clothing and photographs, and they burn them as part of the ritual. 	1
2. United Nations reform: measures and proposals (A/52/303)	0
And I went off on assignment and came back a week later, and Father Keene said, "I've got to talk to you about Hyun-Sook." 	1
And he said, "The second day she was here she made up a list of all of the names of the older kids and the younger kids. 	1
And one of the things Father Keene told me when I came back from one of these trips -- Hyun-Sook had chosen the name Natasha, which I understood was from her watching a "Rocky and Bullwinkle" cartoon on the American Air Force station. 	1
The briefings as of 6 October will take place at 3.30 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226).	0
And Gene and I looked at each other and said, "No, we don't want two 11-year-olds five floors away." 	1
The panelists invited are Mr. Richard Jolly, Special Adviser to the Administrator, UNDP, and Mr. Yilmaz Akyuz, Chief, Macroeconomic and Development Policies Unit, Division on Globalization and Development Strategies, UNCTAD.	0
And I don't speak Korean, but I'm hearing these voices, and I'm not hearing anger, I'm hearing terror. 	1
Members of the Fifth Committee are reminded that the dead-line for the submission of candidatures to fill the vacant posts in subsidiary organs of the General Assembly under agenda item 17 (a), (b), (c), (d), (e), (f) and (g) will be Monday, 20 October 1997.	0
So, I open the window, and I look out, and there's flames coming up the side of our hotel, and the hotel's on fire. 	1
An informal presentation will be given by Mr. Kemal Dervis, Vice-President, Middle East and North America Regional Office (World Bank), on Thursday, 23 October 1997, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.	0
And Gene, who's lying on the floor, says, "Man, we've got to soak towels." I said, "What?" 	1
The representative of UNESCO also made a statement.	0
This is the first night showing Natasha her new cousins and uncles and aunts. 	1
 Natasha's actually never heard me tell the story. 	1
And it has been named Okapi Faunal Reserve because of this beautiful creature. 	1
I joined the Wildlife Conservation Society, working there, in 1995, but I started working with them as a student in 1991. 	1
So they started fleeing from the east to the west. 	1
Congo has five of the world's richest sites of protected area, and the Okapi Faunal Reserve is one of them. 	1
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95(a)	0
They were killing people. They were doing whatever they want because they have power. 	1
He has been attacked by a leopard and they abandon him in the forest. 	1
There will be a video-conference (Geneva-New York) on Thursday, 23 October 1997, at 10 a.m. sharp in Conference Room 2, in connection with the joint closing session of the high-level segment of the Trade and Development Board and the Second Committee.	0
The moderator will be Judge Milton Mollen, Deputy Mayor for Public Safety in New York City; (b) There will be a panel discussion on "Drugs in the Workplace and in the Community", co-sponsored by the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) and the International Labour Organization (ILO), on Tuesday, 28 October 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.	0
Sometimes, they are having a helicopter to supply them with ammunition and so on. 	1
The Chairman drew the attention of the Committee to the programme of work for the week of 20-24 October.	0
When I was thinking to come here, what best title I wanted to say to my talk, I didn't find this. 	1
But what you'll see is that all the animations in this game are very repetitive. 	1
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.	0
So, that's what we're trying to simulate -- not Chris specifically, I should say, but humans in general. 	1
And you repeat that process over and over again, until you have something that walks -- in this case, in a straight line, like this. 	1
 Generation 10 and it'll take a few steps more -- still not quite there. 	1
Now, at this stage, we decided to start a company and move this further, because obviously this was just a very simple, blocky biped. 	1
(i) Cultural development (A/52/382, A/52/413)	0
What we really wanted was a full human body. 	1
So we put quite a bit of biomechanical knowledge into this thing, and tried to make it as realistic as possible. 	1
13th meeting Trusteeship Council Chamber	0
Only, I think it's quite a big blow again. 	1
The list of speakers will be open beginning 29 October until 3 November 1997.	0
Animators had to actually animate them. 	1
It was just voted, I think in the Sunday Times, as one of the most impressive stunts. 	1
The representative of the United Nations Educational, Scien-tific and Cultural Organization also made a statement.	0
But what we found over the past few months is that this approach -- that we're pretty much standard upon -- is incredibly powerful. 	1
Delegations are kindly requested to submit names, indicating the specific panel for which they are being proposed, to the Division for the Advancement of Women (DC2-1216), no later than Friday, 31 October 1997.	0
The Population Division of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs (DESA) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA) will hold an informal briefing on Monday, 27 October 1997, at 6.15 p.m. in Conference Room 2.	0
 Another lesson is that thou shalt give thanks. 	1
Mr. Pino Arlacchi, Under-Secretary-General, will address the panel.	0
So, this is actually a key to happiness for me, is to just remember when I came over here, the car didn't flip over, and I didn't trip coming up the stairs. 	1
In exercise of the right of reply, statements were made by the representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran and Iraq.	0
It was actually a terrible disaster for Princeton. 	1
Statements were made by the representatives of Egypt, the Syrian Arab Republic, Malaysia, Tunisia, Jordan, Yemen, Algeria, Oman and Israel.	0
  Just buy the software, you design it. I won't say anymore, you can take it on from there. It's going to happen, and I think it has to happen before the technology becomes natural, becomes part of the human condition, something that everybody's familiar with and everybody accepts. 	1
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.	0
Since there was nothing there, you might as well not look. 	1
* Immediately following the adjournment of the 17th meeting of the Second Committee. No. 1997/206	0
So they will, in fact, be quite easy for us to detect. 	1
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES	0
And the second question was, "Have you ever dumped somebody who really loved you?" 	1
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.	0
And almost 95 percent of both men and women said yes to both. 	1
(on macroeconomic policy questions: items 95 (d)	0
There's other love poems that are, of course, just as good, but I don't think this one can be surpassed. 	1
Romantic love is one of the most powerful sensations on Earth. 	1
Report of the International Court of Justice (A/52/4) [13].	0
We found activity in the brain region, in exactly the same brain region associated with intense romantic love. 	1
It's also the brain region that becomes active when you're willing to take enormous risks for huge gains and huge losses. 	1
Joint session of the high-level segment of the Trade and Deve-lopment Board and the Second Committee	0
And in fact, sometimes I feel a little sorry for the chicken on my dinner plate, when I think of how intense this brain system is. 	1
Questions from the Second Committee representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union) and Poland were posed to the Panellists.	0
There are still many questions to be answered and asked about romantic love. 	1
The Committee thus concluded its general discussion of agenda items 105 and 106.	0
So, it began to occur to me that maybe your biology pulls you towards some people rather than another. 	1
Crime prevention and criminal justice [103]	0
And I have concocted a questionnaire to see to what degree you express dopamine, serotonin, estrogen and testosterone. 	1
Administrative and budgetary aspects of the financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations [142]	0
I think it comes from millions of years of holding that baby in front of your face, cajoling it, reprimanding it, educating it with words. 	1
8. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Inde-pendence to Colonial Countries and Peoples [18]	0
Our battleships, our soldiers, are on a frontier now, almost ready to go to war with Iraq. 	1
9. Decolonization Programme of the United Nations system (A/C.4/52/L.4/Rev.1)	0
We find ourselves in the paralyzing grip of self-destructive habits we can't break. 	1
How do we change man, so that he doesn't lie and cheat, and our newspapers are not filled with stories of fraud in business or labor or athletics or wherever? 	1
Albert Einstein -- I was just talking to someone, when I was speaking at Princeton, and I met Mr. Einstein. 	1
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its forty-ninth session [147] (A/52/10)	0
He couldn't free himself from personal problems and personal evils that included murder and adultery. 	1
Yet David again and again said that he would turn to God. 	1
I've done a lot of speaking in Germany and in France, and in different parts of the world -- 105 countries it's been my privilege to speak in. 	1
And there were 20 of them that I had -- that I was responsible for, and I worked on the farm and tried to keep up with my studies. 	1
Cross your hands over, so your right hand goes over, interlace your fingers like this, then make sure your right thumb is outside your left thumb -- that's very important. 	1
How could somebody read using their fingertips? 	1
KT: OK, but don't say my name like that. KB: But you're OK? 	1
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS	0
 KB: Actually, here's the thing, answer it, answer it, answer it. 	1
Report of the Security Council (A/52/2) [11].	0
 You just take a seat over here for a second. 	1
There will be a meeting of the Mason Group on Wednesday, 29 October 1997, at 9 a.m. in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.	0
 OK, that was wonderfully done. Let's try it again. 	1
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603, tel.: 963-9196).	0
Allow it to stick firmly to the tabletop, keep your eyes closed. 	1
The President informed delegates that agenda item 27 (Return or restitution of cultural property to the countries of origin), originally scheduled for Tuesday, 28 October, in the morning, would be considered at a later date to be announced, and that agenda item 14 (Report of the International Atomic Energy Agency), originally scheduled for Monday, 3 November, in the morning, would be considered on Wednesday, 12 November, in the morning.	0
The Committee resumed its consideration of the item.	0
And you can whack it against the table, if you want; be careful. 	1
Careful, it's sharp. Just hold on to it for a moment. 	1
OK, and when you feel the sensation -- it might take a while -- drop it into the glass. 	1
Mr. Carlos Fortin, Deputy Secretary-General of UNCTAD made an introductory statement.	0
The report of the Pilot Seminar which met from 23 to 25 June 1997 was before the Board in document TD/B/SEM.2/3.	0
I want you to examine it, and make sure it's solid. 	1
United Nations Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, concluded at Vienna on 20 December 1988	0
Now, is there any way to see through this blindfold? 	1
Now, remember, you made all the decisions all along. 	1
The editor of Discover told us 10 of them, I'm going to give you the eleventh. 	1
Continuation and conclusion of general discussion	0
Professor Seligman, what is the state of psychology today?" 	1
There will be informal consultations of the Third Committee on the draft resolution on the implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women today, 29 October 1997, from 12 noon to 1 p.m. in Conference Room 4.	0
And then we were able to test them rigorously, in random assignment, placebo controlled designs, throw out the things that didn't work, keep the things that actively did. 	1
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.	0
And we forgot that people made choices and decisions. 	1
It would be appreciated if delegations which have not already done so, could submit the names of their representatives to the Secretary of the Pledging Conference, Mr. Alexandre De Barros (room S-2950-G; tel.: 963-2320 or 5973; fax No.: 963-5935).	0
Second, in play -- he's a national champion bridge player. 	1
The Committee adopted the draft resolution contained in document A/52/23 (Part IV), chapter VII, para. 14, by a recorded vote of 102 to none, with 44 abstentions.	0
I mentioned that for all three kinds of lives, the pleasant life, the good life, the meaningful life, people are now hard at work on the question, are there things that lastingly change those lives? 	1
The representative of Austria made a statement.	0
The General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.9 (resolution 52/7).	0
We also know that technology, entertainment and design can be used to relieve misery. 	1
As Laura Lee told us, design, and, I believe, entertainment and technology, can be used to increase meaning engagement in life as well. 	1
And I got the opportunity to start working with this community at that point, and started developing, really, and mentoring them in terms of scale, in terms of the design. 	1
I'd just like to point out, if you look at the map of Africa, it does actually look like a hominid skull in its shape. 	1
Under item 5 on the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa, the Board adopted the agreed conclusions in TD/B/44/SC.2/L.2.	0
Mr. Rubens Ricupero, Secretary-General of UNCTAD made an introductory statement.	0
This is a picture of me from a very awkward stage in my life. 	1
You might enjoy the awkwardly tight, cut-off pajama bottoms with balloons. 	1
Consideration of and action on draft resolution A/C.5/52/ L.6.	0
And when that happens, these montage compositions are automatically created, which consist of the sentence and images being combined. 	1
4. Joint Inspection Unit [118] (A/51/34, A/52/34, A/51/559 and Corr.1, A/52/206 and A/52/267)	0
These are the images that are automatically constructed. 	1
"I can't wait to see them racing for the first time at Daytona next month, because I feel the need for speed." 	1
AFRICAN GROUP: GROUP OF EXPERTS ON ECONOMIC MATTERS	0
Last May, I spent nine days living up in Barrow, Alaska, the northernmost settlement in the United States, with a family of Inupiat Eskimos, documenting their annual spring whale hunt. 	1
And then in moments of high adrenaline, like when something exciting was happening, I would up that photographic frequency to as many as 37 photographs in five minutes. 	1
There will be informal consultations on the General Assembly draft resolution on the implementation of the outcome of the World Social Summit today, 30 October 1997, at 10.30 a.m. in Conference Room E.	0
Stories take place in a certain area. They have contexts. 	1
This is my studio in Brooklyn. This is the Arctic Ocean, and the butchering of the second whale, seven days later. 	1
So Bhutan has this really wacky thing where they base most of their high-level governmental decisions around the concept of gross national happiness instead of gross domestic product, and they've been doing this since the '70s. 	1
* The date of receipt of the relevant documents.	0
I asked her a little bit more about the cave and what she planned would happen once she went there, you know. 	1
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Friday, 31 October 1997	0
You're like the Raspyni Brothers, where you've got your balls in cold water. And --  -- you just play with your fingers all day. And then you get invited. 	1
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries	0
This was a scheme by a team called THINK, a New York-based team, and then there was that one, which was the Libeskind scheme. 	1
So they went out and they modeled a computer model of a sand dune. 	1
5,000 days without interruption -- that's just unbelievable. 	1
The Council then proceeded to the vote on the draft resolution before it (S/1997/816).	0
A lot of people think about the new economy as something that was going to be a disembodied, alternative, virtual existence, and that we would have the old economy of atoms. 	1
Amendments to articles 16, 17 and 19 (b) of the Convention on the International Maritime Organization, adopted by the As-sembly of the Organization by resolution A.735 (18) of 4 November 1993	0
So that the laws of media, such as the fact that copies have no value, the value's in the uncopiable things, the immediacy, the authentication, the personalization. 	1
Material for insertion in the Journal should be addressed to Room S-1138	0
McLuhan was saying, "Machines are the extensions of the human senses." 	1
So something will resolve down to the information about a particular person, so every person will have a unique ID. 	1
* Following the adjournment of the 28th meeting of the Second Committee.	0
All this data about you should just be conveyed, and you should do it once and that's all that should happen. 	1
Introduction of draft proposal A/C.3/52/L.14 and Corr.1	0
And I found out by looking at it that I search most at 11 o'clock in the morning. 	1
You could play games with it. You could program it in BASIC. 	1
So I went into the library to figure out how did this thing work. 	1
Mr. Rafeeuddin Ahmed, Associate Administrator of UNPD, will serve as moderator.	0
Now, how much computation does the brain do? 	1
Statements were made by the representatives of Georgia and Qatar.	0
The Committee continued its general discussion of the item and heard statements by the representatives of Viet Nam, Mongolia, Turkmenistan, the Niger, Tunisia, the Sudan, Afgha-nistan, Canada, Ethiopia, Pakistan, Uruguay, the Republic of Korea, Bahrain and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia.	0
Instead of doing this in software, or doing those kinds of algorithms, we went and talked to neurobiologists who have actually reverse engineered that piece of brain that's called the retina. 	1
It extracts regions with dark contrast, which will show up on the video as red. 	1
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union and also on behalf of Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Lithuania, Poland, the Czech Republic, Romania, Slovakia, Cyprus and Norway), China, the Bahamas, Kenya, the Syrian Arab Republic, Indonesia, the Russian Federation, Pakistan and Kuwait.	0
And these four types of information -- your optic nerve has about a million fibers in it, and 900,000 of those fibers send these four types of information. 	1
This, too, is origami, and this shows where we've gone in the modern world. 	1
Africa: New Agenda for Development (Part IV section 8)	0
International drug control (Part IV section 15)	0
What do I need? I need a lot of circles. 	1
They certainly didn't need to talk to origami artists. 	1
2. Draft report of the Committee (A/AC.154/ 1997/CRP.2)	0
So they looked into the origami community, we got in touch with them, and I started working with them. 	1
And that works whether you're going into space, or whether you're just going into a body. 	1
The Assembly decided, on the proposal by the President, to postpone the balloting for the seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States to a later date to be announced.	0
When you get math involved, problems that you solve for aesthetic value only, or to create something beautiful, turn around and turn out to have an application in the real world. 	1
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recom-mended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 7 of its report (A/52/547) (resolution 52/8).	0
Because if we go far enough back, we share a common ancestry with every living thing on Earth. 	1
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions introduced the relevant part of the report of that Committee (A/52/7 (Chapter II, Part II).	0
You and your cousins share a grandparent in common. 	1
Same thing happens to our DNA as it's being passed on through the generations. 	1
The courses offered will be: Netscape 3.0; Intermediate Internet; Introduction to HTML; Intermediate HTML; and Creating a Website.	0
These are two pieces of DNA that we use quite widely in our work. 	1
International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO (Part IV, section 11B)	0
Look in the mirror. You're it. The reason you're alive today is because of those changes in our brains that took place in Africa -- probably somewhere in the region where we're sitting right now, around 60, 70 thousand years ago -- allowing us not only to survive in Africa, but to expand out of Africa. 	1
2. Draft report of the Committee (A/AC.154/ 1997/CRP.2)	0
The field research that we're doing around the world with indigenous peoples. 	1
But, in addition, we wanted to open up this study to anybody around the world. 	1
And instead, created a story that touched our audiences deeply. 	1
The Committee would begin its consideration of sub-item 112 (a) (Human rights instruments) at 3 p.m. on Friday, 7 November and continue on Monday, 10 November, at 10 a.m.	0
And here in China, Randy shot a jellyfish market. 	1
You know of "The March of the Penguins." 	1
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.4, L.6, L.7, L.8, L.22 and L.23	0
In fact, there appears to be about ten times as much mass here in the form of this invisible or dark matter as there is in the ordinary matter, OK. 	1
They're the ones that are embedded in that sea of dark matter that are causing the bending of the light to cause these optical illusions, or mirages, practically, of the background galaxies. 	1
So the streaks that you see, all these streaks, are actually distorted images of galaxies that are much further away. 	1
United Nations Institute for Training and Research	0
By how much less is it expanding today, compared to, say, a couple of billion years ago? 	1
So by looking at things like clusters of galaxies, and how they -- their number density, how many there are as a function of time -- we can learn about how dark matter and dark energy compete against each other in structure forming. 	1
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Egypt, Paraguay (on behalf of the Rio Group), Cuba, Japan and the Republic of Korea.	0
Political affairs (Part II section 2); Peacekeeping operations and special missions (Part II section 3); Peaceful uses of outer space (Part II section 4)	0
Hold the hand palm up. Do this, don't move the wrist. 	1
Report of the International Law Commission on the work of its forty-ninth session [147]	0
By 143 votes to 3, with 17 abstentions (recorded vote), the General Assembly adopted draft resolution A/52/L.11 (resolution 52/10).	0
 Beer has about -- there's a lot of water in beer. 	1
Since one seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States remained to be filled, the General Assembly proceeded, in accordance with rule 94 of the rules of procedure, to an eighth round of balloting (first restricted ballot).	0
The Committee resumed its consideration of these sections.	0
You agree? But if you square -- square, and shuffle, and then a cut. 	1
The Conference adopted its draft report contained in document A/CONF.182/L.1.	0
The Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Contention on Climate Change made a statement introducing agenda item 98 (c).	0
Statements were made by the representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union; Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Cyprus aligned themselves with this statement), the United States, Bangladesh, the Russian Federa- tion, Paraguay (also on behalf of Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Ecuador, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Uruguay, Venezuela, and Honduras (for the Central American States)), China, Israel, India, Morocco, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Pakistan, Slovakia and Kazakhstan.	0
The Executive Secretary of the Permanent Secretariat of the Convention on Desertification responded to a question raised.	0
Now you must agree that I'm -- I must rely on other senses, right? 	1
The Committee then decided to postpone consideration to 13 November of agenda item 98 (b) and (d).	0
Statements were made by the representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union; Bulgaria, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Cyprus aligned themselves with this statement), the United States, Samoa (on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island States), the Marshall Islands, Myanmar, Guinea, Malta and Slovakia.	0
Ten -- once again, I love this Jonny Wayne move. 	1
The representative of Kenya orally revised the draft resolu- tion.	0
So, we get in dog training this notion of dominances, or of the alpha dog. I'm sure that you've heard this. 	1
Dogs, horses and humans -- these are the three species which are so abused in life. 	1
I don't need food, but the average owner says, "Puppy, sit." 	1
They're making a hand signal in front of the dog's rectum for some reason, like the dog has a third eye there -- it's insane. 	1
Economic and social development in Western Asia (Part V, section 20)	0
The Committee resumed its general discussion on the relevant sections of Part IV of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Cuba, Ghana (on behalf of the African Group), Ethiopia, Côte d' Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran.	0
The dog lives with you, the dog can get you any time. 	1
I was working with a very dangerous dog about a year ago. 	1
We crave to be in the room with the musician the day it was recorded, the day it was played. 	1
But then we listen to the other 99 percent of our stuff recorded. 	1
The Committee adopted the revised draft resolution, as orally revised, without a vote.	0
And we captured all that data all over again. 	1
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Egypt, Monaco and China.	0
(a) Appointment of members of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/101/Rev.1 and A/C.5/52/5)	0
The Chairman of the Committee ruled that in accordance with rule 92 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly the Fifth Committee would proceed to vote on the candidatures of Mr. Mahamane Amadou Maiga (Mali), Mr. C.S.M. Mselle (United Republic of Tanzania), and Mr. M.M. Ould El Cheikh Ghaouth (Mauritania).	0
And this is typically what we've been talking about, the role that the media plays in focusing just on the negative stuff. 	1
The Committee concluded its debate on the item.	0
You know, it's just one point. I mean, maybe she'll let you in if that slot's still there." 	1
PROGRAMME OF THE UNITED NATIONS HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR REFUGEES	0
So we went to the school, and because we were nobodies, and because we didn't have privilege, and because my father didn't have the right last name, he was treated like dirt. 	1
The Committee continued and concluded the adoption, in closed session, of concluding observations on reports considered at the present session.	0
But they were like, you know, this is a long-term thing. 	1
The first time he got sick, he recovered. 	1
But what happened was that he had to be on medication that, at that time -- Diflucan, which in the States is used for yeast infections -- cost 30 dollars a pill. 	1
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.	0
The hospital put him on a water drip for three days. 	1
Imagine if all you knew about William was the fact that he grew up in a poor village. 	1
But I walked away from that, because my passion was here, and because I wanted to do things that were fulfilling. 	1
Report of the Economic and Social Council [12] (A/52/3, A/52/175-E/1997/75, A/52/203-E/1997/85, A/52/212, A/52/222, A/52/354, A/C.2/52/5, E/1997/49, E/1997/INF/3/Add.1)	0
One is because I'm pretty aggressive, and I try and find, you know, opportunities. 	1
1. Human resources management [153] (A/52/438, A/C.5/51/ 55 and Corr.1, A/52/7, paras. 107 to 112, and A/C.5/52/2)	0
So we need new policies, we need -- where's that coming from, you know? 	1
And he tried to talk me out of it, but it was like, "OK, I know nothing about applying to law school, I'm poli-sci Ph.D. 	1
It was like, "Where do you want to go?" 	1
So, these are all the machines in a cell. 	1
Members of delegations, Secretariat staff and representatives of non-governmental organizations are invited to attend.	0
But for molecular programming, our question is, how many molecules do we need to put in that seed to get a cell phone? 	1
What's the smallest number we can get away with? 	1
The General Assembly resumed its consideration of agenda item 10.	0
When we synthesize it, it comes single-stranded, so we can take the blue strand in one tube and make an orange strand in the other tube, and they're floppy when they're single-stranded. 	1
The second set of off-site Internet training course has been scheduled by the Information Technology Services Division (ITSD) to take place from 17 to 24 November 1997.	0
And if you look at their sticky ends, these little DNA bits, you can see that they actually form a checkerboard pattern. 	1
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/51/950, Add.1 to 5 and Add.6*)	0
You have a very sensitive computer program where small changes -- single, tiny, little mutations -- can take something that made one size square and make something very much bigger. 	1
So you can actually make a complicated circuit using a little bit of computation. 	1
Now, you ask me, how far have we gotten down this path? 	1
 And your next question is, can you light a little torch-bulb with a battery, a bulb and one piece of wire? 	1
That's very surprising to me." And those are science graduates. 	1
There will be a meeting of the Mason Group today, 12 November 1997, from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. in Conference Room 7.	0
Closed consultations among members of the Security Council and troop contributors on the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT) will be held today, 12 November 1997, at 4 p.m. in Conference Room 7. Announcement	0
So, being I'm in the United States, I'll have a dig at the Europeans. 	1
As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.	0
These are examples of what I would say is bad practice in science teaching centers. These pictures are from La Villette in France and the welcome wing of the Science Museum in London. 	1
FORTHCOMING MEETINGS Thursday, 13 November 1997	0
and, you know, pun intended. Whereas good interpretation -- I'll use an example from nearby -- is San Francisco Exploratorium, where all the things that -- the demonstrations, and so on, are made out of everyday objects that children can understand, it's very hands-on, and they can engage with, and experiment with. 	1
So, as "Monty Python" would have it, this is a bit Lord Privy Seal to say so, but this is -- children are not empty vessels. 	1
There will be a dialogue with the Chairperson of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, Ms. Sandra Mason, on Friday, 14 November 1997, from 2 p.m. to 3 p.m. in Conference Room 8.	0
So, why is it blue on cloudy days? Ah, see. 	1
Draft decision A/C.1/52/L.7 was adopted by a recorded vote of 148 to none, with 4 abstentions.	0
 Einstein's especially interested in Penelope's talk. 	1
In explanation of his position after the adoption of the resolution, a statement was made by the representative of Israel.	0
Well, that's really cool, but what Einstein's really hoping is that maybe he'll genetically engineer a five-pound peanut. 	1
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.26 was adopted without a vote.	0
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.32/Rev.1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 147 to none, with 8 abstentions.	0
Draft resolution A/C.1/51/L.37 as a whole was adopted by a recorded vote of 103 to 26, with 24 abstentions.	0
The Committee began consideration of the item and had before it the documentation listed in the Journal.	0
SW: There you go. And, of course, if all else fails, you can just run off and enjoy a fun fiesta. 	1
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]	0
Because one of her favorite folks from back home is here, and she's pretty nervous to meet him. 	1
The representative of Poland also made a statement.	0
The Committee resumed its general discussion of these agenda items and heard a statement by the representatives of Argentina (on behalf of the Rio Group).	0
The Committee continued its general discussion of Part VIII of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union and also on behalf of Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia, Slovenia and Norway), Japan, Kenya, the United States, Pakistan, Mali, the Republic of Korea, Egypt, China, Thailand, the Syrian Arab Republic and Portugal.	0
Internal oversight (Part IX, section 28)	0
 SW: At the zoo we have big cats from the jungle. 	1
The representatives of Zimbabwe and Nigeria also made statements.	0
Draft resolution A/C.1/52/L.40 was adopted by a recorded vote of 153 to 1, with 2 abstentions.	0
In fact, the greatest wealth. If you think about these other asteroids, there's a class of the nickel iron, which in platinum-group metal markets alone are worth something like 20 trillion dollars, if you can go out and grab one of these rocks. 	1
The Committee resumed its general discussion of Part VIII of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Algeria and Cuba.	0
They didn't know what couldn't be done. 	1
Construction, alteration, improvement and major maintenance (Part XI, section 31)	0
The government is unable to take the risks required to open up this precious frontier. 	1
Let's go back to high school physics here. 	1
I found a visionary family, the Ansari family, and Champ Car, and raised part of the money, but not the full 10 million. 	1
"Are you going to compete?" No. "No one's going to win this thing." 	1
And you know, when you give to a nonprofit, you might have 50 cents on the dollar. 	1
3. Macroeconomic policy questions [95] (A/52/284, A/52/ 347, A/52/447-S/1997/775, A/52/460, A/C.2/52/4)	0
If you have a matching grant, it's typically two or three to one. 	1
Special Representative on the Situation of Human Rights in Rwanda	0
We're looking at attacking energy, environment, nanotechnology -- and I'll talk about those more in a moment. 	1
Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Cuba	0
And the way we're doing that is we're creating prize teams within the X PRIZE. We have a space prize team. 	1
MEETINGS OTHER THAN MEETINGS OF UNITED NATIONS BODIES	0
of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Secretariat of the United Nations.	0
 Journalist: It's a Whirlwind electronic computer. 	1
The representatives of Greece, Kuwait and the United Arab Republic made statements in response to the presentation of the Special Rapporteur.	0
A few years later, Tim Berners-Lee worked that out. 	1
You know, it reminds me of that old saw in Hollywood, that a producer is anyone who knows a writer. 	1
Voice 2: Well, there goes the neighborhood. 	1
What the entertainment business is struggling with, the world of brands is figuring out. 	1
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.40 and Corr.1	0
And so every time a new medium arrives, the old medium is the content, and it is highly observable, highly noticeable, but the real, real roughing up and massaging is done by the new medium, and it is ignored. 	1
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.27, L.28*, L.29* and L.30	0
We can go, jambo, guten Abend, bonsoir, That is the call that chimpanzees make before they go to sleep in the evening. 	1
And we've also been hearing about the history, the family tree, of mankind through DNA genetic profiling. 	1
We know now that they're capable of imitating behaviors that they see. 	1
1. Executive session on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999	0
It's a very holistic way of improving the lives of the people living in the villages around the park. 	1
We're replicating it in other parts of Africa, around other wilderness areas which are faced with extreme population pressure. 	1
The water -- water is perhaps one of the most crucial issues that we're going to face in this century -- and everywhere water is being polluted by agricultural, industrial and household chemicals that still are being sprayed around the world, seemingly with the inability to profit from past experience. 	1
Delegations wishing to be inscribed on the list of speakers for the general debate relating to agenda item 89 are kindly requested to notify the Secretariat (room S-3380, tel: 963-9223).	0
And when the rain does come, it so often leads to flooding and added distress, and the cycle of poverty and hunger and disease. 	1
Thursday, 20 November 1997 from 2.30 p.m. to 3.30 p.m.: Mr. Yasushi Akashi, Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs, on “Humanitarian crises and development”.	0
We seem to have lost wisdom, the wisdom of the indigenous people. 	1
We not do have more than this one planet. 	1
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations (A/ES-10/3/Add.2)	0
In explanation of their positions after the adoption of the resolution, statements were made by the representatives of Israel and the Islamic Republic of Iran.	0
 Well, let's see now, if openness predicts who becomes liberal, and openness predicts who becomes a TEDster, then might we predict that most TEDsters are liberal? 	1
The Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Cuba, Mr. Carl Johan Groth, made a presentation.	0
The representative of the United Republic of Tanzania, on behalf of the Group of 77 and China and Turkey, introduced the draft resolution.	0
Here you see submissive gestures from two members of very closely related species. 	1
Statements were made by the representatives of Brazil, Albania, Lebanon, Cameroon, Sri Lanka and Singapore.	0
On the left, I've plotted the scores for liberals; on the right, those for conservatives; in the middle, the moderates. 	1
The Rapporteur introduced the addendum and the draft recom-mendations and conclusions.	0
But as people get more conservative, the values rise. 	1
Consideration of reports submitted by States parties under article 19 of the Convention [4]	0
The center will be open from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. until today, 14 November.	0
 So, you might say, OK, there are these differences between liberals and conservatives, but what makes those three other foundations moral? 	1
SECURITY COUNCIL COMMITTEE ESTABLISHED PURSUANT TO RESOLUTION 748 (1992) CONCERNING	0
Informal consultations on the following draft proposals A/C.2/ 52/L.6 (item 101), A/C.2/52/L.13 (item 96 (b)); the recom- mendations contained in Economic and Social Council decisions 1997/217, 1997/223, 1997/ 308 and resolutions 1997/42 and 43 (see A/52/3, Chapter I and documents A/52/8 and E/1997/49) (item 12); and the draft proposal A/C.2/52/L.17 (item 97 (g))	0
But then -- and here's the trick -- Fehr and Gachter said, on the seventh round, they told people, "You know what? New rule. 	1
4. Human rights questions: comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action [112 (d)] (A/52/36, A/52/182)	0
It took all of our moral psychology to create these cooperative groups. 	1
Step out of the moral matrix, just try to see it as a struggle playing out, in which everybody does think they're right, and everybody, at least, has some reasons -- even if you disagree with them -- everybody has some reasons for what they're doing. 	1
Informal presentation The International Labour Organization Liaison Office in New York will hold a seminar on “The ILO and the Australian workplace” on Thursday, 20 November 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.15 p.m. in Conference Room 8. The speaker will be Mr. Nick Ruskin, industrial relations lawyer.	0
It was announced that Namibia and Finland had joined the list of co-sponsors of draft resolution A/C.6/52/L.9.	0
People that have partnered with us have given us new eyes, not only on what exists -- the new landscapes at the bottom of the sea -- but also how we think about life on the planet itself. 	1
FIRST COMMITTEE 23rd meeting Action on all draft resolutions submitted under agenda items 62 to 83 (A/C.1/52/INF.1)	0
The Committee continued its general debate and heard state- ments by the representatives of Kyrgyzstan, Slovakia, Georgia, Kenya, Cyprus, Mongolia, the United States, Poland, Ukraine, Botswana and Bangladesh. The Under-Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations made a statement. The Under-Secretary-General replied to a question posed to him by the Chairman of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee.	0
They go from a couple of inches to a couple of feet. 	1
And then we had some hint that these things existed all along the axis of it, because if you've got volcanism, water's going to get down from the sea into cracks in the sea floor, come in contact with magma, and come shooting out hot. 	1
BL: The white material is a type of bacteria that thrives at 180 degrees C. 	1
And you can see how dense the population is. 	1
5. Human rights questions: comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action [112 (d)] (A/52/36, A/52/182)	0
What we saw up till now was from the Pacific. 	1
United Nations Decade of International Law [146]	0
The speaker will be Mr. Nick Ruskin, industrial relations lawyer.	0
The Committee continued its general discussion of the sub-items.	0
through the Manhattan Project, and the idea was very straightforward: we would use the power of the atom to end the atrocities and the horror of this unending World War II that we'd been involved in in Europe and in the Pacific. 	1
It was announced that a request had been made for a recorded vote on the draft resolution.	0
The idea was that we would force the Soviets to re-target their nuclear weapons -- very expensive -- and potentially double their arsenal, to not only take out the original site, but take out sites where people were going. 	1
The representative of the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia made a statement.	0
The main point here is we were dealing with a complete disconnect from reality. 	1
The Committee began its general debate and heard statements by the representatives of Luxembourg (also on behalf of the European Union, as well as by the following Associated countries: Bulgaria, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia), Thailand and Lebanon.	0
The representatives of the United Kingdom and the United States made statements.	0
We're coming down, and we bring that truck that you just saw somewhere in here, in the Financial District. 	1
The Committee resumed its general discussion of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Canada (on behalf of Australia, New Zealand and Canada), Ghana, Pakistan and China.	0
United Nations common system [121] (A/52/30 and A/52/439)	0
Now, in a shelter in an urban area means you have to be either in a basement as deep as possible, or you have to be on a floor -- on a high floor -- if it's a ground burst explosion, which it would be, higher than the ninth floor. So you have to be tenth floor or higher, or in the basement. 	1
And as we started to go through the desert, the Jeep broke down. 	1
Committees SPECIAL POLITICAL AND DECOLONIZATION	0
And eventually, our worst nightmare happened: they flooded the engine. 	1
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.30	0
 So we kept on going, and this camel kept on trying to take a chunk out of my leg. 	1
Pull its tail up; take a look in there. 	1
Most people think that the humps store water. 	1
So here's what Suki would do in search of a mate. 	1
Ogden Nash once wrote: "The camel has a single hump; the dromedary two, or else the other way around. I'm never sure. Are you?" 	1
(d) Confirmation of the appointment of members of the Investments Committee: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/673);	0
My dung is burned as fuel. My milk is used for cheese. 	1
Accession: Saudi Arabia (7 November 1997)*	0
Yes, it costs tens of millions, low hundreds of millions, but one time shot and we've got basically the history of printed literature online. 	1
This is a fairly heavily litigated area, so we've found that there are niches in the music world that aren't served terribly well by the classic commercial publishing system. 	1
Informal consultations on agenda item 120 (Scale of assess-ments for the apportionment for the expenses of the United Na-tions (A/51/11 and Corr.1-2))	0
Moving images: if you think of theatrical releases, there are not that many of them. 	1
How can we have critical thinking without being able to quote and being able to compare what happened in the past? 	1
The Chairman drew the attention of the members to aide-mémoire 1/97/Add.2 which contained the unofficial provisional list of documents relating to agenda items 86 and 87.	0
So I'm going to tell you a little story. 	1
Training and research: United Nations Institute for Training and Research [100]	0
Statements were made by the representatives of the Syrian Arab Republic, Argentina, Indonesia, Côte d' Ivoire, Cuba and the United States.	0
This is the sensory part of the program, people. 	1
The Committee continued its consideration of the second periodic report of the Dominican Republic (E/1990/6/Add.7).	0
I've got a white-knuckle grip on the door. You know what I'm talking about? 	1
Consideration of and action on draft decision A/C.5/52/L.8	0
Report of the Special Committee on the Charter of the United Nations and on the Strengthening of the Role of the Organization [151]	0
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/159).	0
Following a statement by the representative of the United States, the Committee agreed to postpone action on the draft resolution to a later date.	0
That's OK, because my mother yells at me, I yell at her. 	1
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.41	0
Statements were made by the Sudan, Yemen, Indonesia, the Islamic Republic of Iran and Greece.	0
I'm doing 7,100 meals a day and I've been doing it for two years, trying to change how we feed kids in America. 	1
The Committee thus concluded consideration of item 150.	0
The representatives of New Zealand, the United States, Malaysia, Turkey, Tunisia, Ukraine, Viet Nam, Canada, the United Kingdom, Portugal, Argentina and Zambia spoke.	0
We can't keep feeding our kids pesticides and herbicides and antibiotics and hormones. 	1
We are feeding our kids antibiotics in beef and other animal protein every day. 	1
We have things like E. coli that we can't fix, that we can't make kids better when they get sick. 	1
You know that everybody thinks they should be eating more, and more, and more. 	1
The Assembly was informed that the Fifth Committee had decided to postpone to a later date the remaining two appointments, from the group of African States and the group of Asian States, respectively.	0
In case you can't tell, that's, like, pink Danish and some kind of cupcakes. 	1
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of sub-item (g) of agenda item 17.	0
That's what the government says is okay to feed our kids. 	1
(a) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/313)	0
And we, all of us, have to understand that this is about us, that we can make a difference here. 	1
(f) First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty	0
There's not a strawberry tree or a carrot bush. 	1
Consideration of communications under article 22 of the Conven-tion [6]	0
Briefing by Ambassador Richard Butler, Executive Chairman of the Special Commission established by the Secretary-General pursuant to paragraph 9 (b) (i) of Security Council resolution 687 (1991)	0
(a) Strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations: notes by the Secretary-General (A/52/270, A/52/443).	0
That 8 billion comes down to two dollars and 49 cents -- that's what the government allocates for lunch. 	1
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/537);	0
It's the kids who have parents and grandparents and uncles and aunts that can't even afford to pay for school lunch that gets this food. 	1
4. Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives [112 (c)]	0
And a friend of mine, April, who I've had since kindergarten, she thanks her children for doing their chores. 	1
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.58	0
So, this is a quick tale I'm going to tell. This is the Furby tale. 	1
Subsequently, Cameroon and Niger joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
And so, I have all these design books, like I'm sure many of you have. 	1
The Committee adopted the draft resolution by a recorded vote of 74 to 46, with 26 abstentions.	0
And originally, Furby only had two eyes and some batteries on the bottom. 	1
The Committee adopted the draft resolution.	0
There's my first exploded view and all the little pieces and the little worm drive and all that stuff. 	1
There's the mechanism that would go in there, kind of a Geneva drive. 	1
And we're still trying to keep with the real character. 	1
1. Building a peaceful and better world through sport and the Olympic ideal: draft resolution (A/ 52/L.23/Rev.1) [24].	0
And then, four years and 10 million dollars later, we have a little Pleo. 	1
They're just cute, right? That's the idea, that's the idea. 	1
The other day, I was reading something, and the person said probably the largest single cause of disease is handshaking in the West. 	1
And there's this great novel that Arthur Clarke wrote twice, called "Against the Fall of Night" and "The City and the Stars." 	1
As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.	0
And you let a few million of them out at a time. 	1
(c) Large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing, unauthorized fishing in zones of national jurisdiction and fisheries by-catch and discards:	0
The formal opening of the exhibition is scheduled for 6 p.m. on Monday, 1 December 1997, in the Public Lobby of the General Assembly Building.	0
Since the number of candidates from among the African States, the Asian States, the Latin American and Caribbean States was equal to or did not exceed the number of seats allocated to each of these regions, with Argentina and Uruguay alternating on an annual basis, Burkina Faso, Colombia, Fiji, Honduras, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Kenya, Paraguay, the Sudan, Thailand and Uganda were declared elected members of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law for a six-year term beginning on 1 June 1998.	0
David Rose: People! You! That's it -- you are the person. 	1
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people: report of the Secretary-General (A/52/159)	0
The observer for Palestine made a statement.	0
And you have the charisma and the management style and the ability to get people to follow your lead, to inspire them, to motivate them to be part of your team. 	1
The representative of the United States introduced the draft resolution on behalf of the sponsors listed as well as Australia, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Nether-lands, Norway, Poland and the United Kingdom.	0
The Chairman made a statement with regard to the draft reso-lution and informed the Committee that it contained no programme budget implications.	0
But you've got to grab their emotional attention, focused on you, within that first few seconds. 	1
In accordance with rule 62 of the rules of procedure, the representatives of the State party were present at the meetings, in-troduced the report submitted by their Government and replied to questions raised and comments made by members of the Committee.	0
No. Who do you think we should look at as our role model? 	1
It gives me the armature for the whole thing you'll be going through; it lets me put everything in relation to what you've told me. 	1
For every X you sell, you get Y, or services of Z. 	1
1. Crime prevention and criminal justice [103]	0
What's the capital structure up until this point? 	1
The screen is in front of me, so I couldn't even see if I wanted to. 	1
The Lecture will be followed by a question-and-answer period.	0
And anyone who's ever been in a heterosexual relationship knows that the minds of men and the minds of women are not indistinguishable. 	1
Announcement As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.	0
One of them, from anthropology, is the study of human universals. 	1
All Member States, United Nations bodies and agencies and observers are invited to attend.	0
My favorite example is a pair of twins, one of whom was brought up as a Catholic in a Nazi family in Germany, the other brought up in a Jewish family in Trinidad. 	1
In the context of the Presidential Statement (S/PRST/1997/ 46) adopted by the Ministerial Meeting of the Security Council on Africa on 25 September 1997, and the 1 November 1995 report of the Secretary-General on Improving Preparedness for Conflict Prevention and Peacekeeping in Africa (S/1995/ 911-A/50/711), the Secretariat is convening a meeting on enhancing African capacity for peacekeeping.	0
Also, even if we were born with certain ignoble motives, they don't automatically lead to ignoble behavior. 	1
The representative of Armenia moved on a point of order, under rule 74 of the rules of procedure, that no action be taken with respect to the amendment (A/52/L.39).	0
None of the dire professional consequences has taken place -- I haven't been exiled from the city of Cambridge. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 40.	0
Visual arts -- decoration of surfaces and bodies -- appears to be a human universal. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 23.	0
That's from Robert Brustein, the famous drama critic and director, in The New Republic about five years ago. 	1
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.57	0
Until the studies are redone with adoptive children, who provide an environment but not genes to their kids, we have no way of knowing whether these conclusions are valid. 	1
The Committee adopted the draft decision.	0
What it suggests is that children are shaped not by their parents over the long run, but in part -- only in part -- by their genes, in part by their culture -- the culture of the country at large and the children's own culture, namely their peer group -- as we heard from Jill Sobule earlier today, that's what kids care about -- and, to a very large extent, larger than most people are prepared to acknowledge, 	1
The representative of the Russian Federation requested a vote on the draft resolution.	0
I have my own answer to that question, which comes from a great artist of the 19th century, Anton Chekhov, who said, "Man will become better when you show him what he is like." 	1
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.71	0
Are they going to be around in 50 years? 	1
Following statements by the representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Egypt, Algeria, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates, Singapore, Jordan, the Sudan, Mauritania, Lebanon, Qatar and Morocco, the Committee adopted the draft resolution by a recorded vote of 68 to 27, with 49 abstentions.	0
And we're starting to see that same sort of thing with robots: LEGO Mindstorms, Furbies -- who here -- did anyone here have a Furby? 	1
Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, adopted by the General Assembly of the United Nations on 13 February 1946	0
If it hits something -- you people see that? 	1
* The date of receipt of the relevant documents.	0
 Part of the trick was building a better cleaning mechanism, actually; the intelligence on board was fairly simple. 	1
Informal consultations on agenda item 118 (Joint Inspection Unit (A/51/34, A/52/34, A/51/559 and Corr.1, A/52/206 and A/ 52/267))	0
So one year ago, the US military didn't have these robots. 	1
(on the proposed programme budget, scale	0
So now I brought this up in front of him. 	1
* Following the adjournment of the 34th meeting of the Fifth Committee. INFORMAL CONSULTATIONS	0
Well, this gets rid of that, because this is a habituation Gaussian that gets negative, and more and more intense as it looks at one thing. 	1
(ii) Note by the Secretary-General (A/52/260);	0
Ritchie: Yeah, look, it's got a little blue light in it too. I almost lost it this week. 	1
Recently we've been battered with the idea that maybe we didn't even have our own creation event, here on earth, which people didn't like much. And then the human genome said, maybe we only have 35,000 genes. And that was really -- people didn't like that, we've got more genes than that. 	1
The Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.4/52/L.13 by a recorded vote of 129 to none, with 1 abstention.	0
Before that has to come to be a mildly bad robot, and before that a not so bad robot. 	1
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 86.	0
This is a projection that can see the viewer as the viewer walks by. 	1
The Committee continued its general debate and heard a statement by the representative of Senegal.	0
All of these things are pieces of graphic design. 	1
No services will be available in the Delegates’ Dining Room complex on Friday, 28 November 1997.	0
Now, it follows from that, that they're deeply contestable. 	1
Fear is not an implausible reaction with a war just around the corner and with a very, very high likelihood that many, many people are going to die as a consequence of this confrontation -- a confrontation which many, many people in the Muslim world do not want, many, many people in the American democracy do not want, many people elsewhere in the world do not want, but which nonetheless is favored by a large enough number of people -- 	1
That's a hopeful message, but it's a message that's hopeful only if you understand it as incurring serious obligation for all of us. 	1
As from Tuesday, 2 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.	0
We wanted to make an architecture of atmosphere. 	1
The Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People, in cooperation with the Permanent Observer Mission of Palestine to the United Nations, will present a Palestinian cultural exhibition entitled "At Home in Palestine," in commemoration of the International Day of Solidarity with the Palestinian People.	0
So, it's already sticking out into space enough, and then from that is this, is this small area called the Mediatheque. 	1
This is the extent of the work that's to be completed by 2010. 	1
The clients have asked us to produce a great chamber music hall. 	1
I was a student in the '60s, a time of social upheaval and questioning, and -- on a personal level -- an awakening sense of idealism. 	1
It puts a human face on issues which, from afar, can appear abstract or ideological or monumental in their global impact. 	1
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.10 and L.33	0
[ India ] [ TB is preventable and curable, ] [ but it is mutating due to inadequate treatment. ] [ XDR-TB: ] [ extreme drug resistant tuberculosis. ] [ There is no reliable cure. ] [ Patients often die within weeks of diagnosis. ] [ 49 countries have reported XDR-TB. ] [ XDR-TB is a critical threat to global health. ] [ Extreme outbreak, suffering, affliction ] [ Extreme loss, pain, pandemic ] 	1
4. Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources [101]	0
They forced us to learn things like Latin. 	1
And the people that went there absolutely loved it. 	1
The Republic of Korea, the Sudan, Tajikistan and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
And once we get enough of those guys, we're going to want more fantasy artists that can create places we've never been to before, or characters that we've just never seen before. 	1
China and Paraguay joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
I came across a student who's absolutely excellent at expressing himself, and this student agreed that he would not show his video to anybody until you here at TED had seen it. 	1
Action on draft resolution A/C.3/52/L.70	0
I played in the backyard, learned to read, and even ate some of my vegetables. 	1
Statements were made by the representatives of Colombia, Canada, the United Republic of Tanzania, Kenya, the Nether-lands, Cuba, Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union) and the Sudan.	0
I have fought in wars, feared for my own survival, watched my cohorts die on beaches and woods that look and feel more real than any textbook or any news story. 	1
A statement was made by the Chairman, after which a vote was requested on the draft resolution.	0
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Colombia (on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement) and the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77).	0
Consider this -- my real life car has about 25,000 miles on it. 	1
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United States, Liechtenstein, the Russian Federation, New Zealand, France, Germany and Spain.	0
More beautiful and rich than the real world around us. 	1
The Chairman made a statement after which the Committee concluded its work.	0
The school is closed; they're coming back at midnight because they want to pitch their video game ideas. 	1
Messages were received on the occasion from the following non-governmental organizations: African Committee of the World Peace Council, Association of Women of the Mediter-ranean Region, Association for Analysis of the Society and Political Education, Asociación Cultural Israelita de Córdoba, Association Sénégalaise des Professeurs d'histoire et de géogra-phie, Committee for Israeli-Palestinian Dialogue, Indo- Palestine Solidarity Organization, Latin American Confederation of YMCAs and The Palestinian Network in Sweden.	0
I live right there in the West Village, so the plume was luckily blowing west, away from us. 	1
And so even though there were no cars still in the West Village where we lived, my wife sent me out to buy a, you know, a large air filter at the Bed Bath and Beyond, which was located about 20 blocks away, north. 	1
I mean, the power of the city -- we talked about cities as being centralized in space, but what makes them so strong most of the time is they're decentralized in function. 	1
And this is increasingly what we're starting to see on the Web in a bunch of interesting ways -- most of which weren't around, actually, except in very experimental things, when I was writing "Emergence" and when the book came out. 	1
And, you know, I don't want to belittle that. That, in a sense -- to reference what Jeff was talking about yesterday -- that was, in a sense, the kind of interface electricity that powered a lot of the explosion of interest in the Web: that you could put up a link, and somebody could click on it, and it could take you anywhere you wanted to go. 	1
So there's this collective decision-making that's going on. 	1
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/581);	0
And these are looking in the blog world and the world of weblogs. 	1
There's a problem with the Google Zeitgeist, which is it often comes back with news that a lot of people are searching for Britney Spears pictures, which is not necessarily news. 	1
And basically, the shape appears largely because of a kind of a first-mover advantage. 	1
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.10 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.	0
At the request of the United States, the draft resolution was put to the vote.	0
They said, "Why are you doing this, Lincoln?" 	1
We want to hear about that man who spoke with a voice of thunder, who laughed like the sunrise, who came from that place called America, which is so far from here, that if a young man should travel there, he would be an old man when he arrived. 	1
The Commission decided to suspend its 1997 organizational session and to resume the session at a later date, in order to allow delegations to consult on the outstanding organizational matters.	0
My relationship with him began on a rather curious level. 	1
And because he was so sad and so vulnerable, he opened up to me in ways he never would have had I known him at the height of his power -- sharing his fears, his sorrows and his worries. 	1
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.5 and L.46	0
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries	0
Because at first, I'd be so excited I would blurt out, "The Dodgers won!" or, "The Dodgers lost!" 	1
And I was so excited -- first person I'd ever see outside of Ebbets Field. 	1
And I had to say that I wished that various New York Yankees players would break arms, legs and ankles --  -- so that the Brooklyn Dodgers could win their first World Series. 	1
I think all of us have been interested, at one time or another, in the romantic mysteries of all those societies that collapsed, such as the classic Maya in the Yucatan, the Easter Islanders, the Anasazi, Fertile Crescent society, Angor Wat, Great Zimbabwe and so on. And within the last decade or two, archaeologists have shown us that there were environmental problems underlying many of these past collapses. 	1
The briefings will take place at 1.15 p.m. in the Press Briefing Room (S-226). FORTHCOMING MEETINGS	0
What is there that we can learn from the past that would help us avoid declining or collapsing in the way that so many past societies have? 	1
But scratch the surface, and Montana suffers from serious problems. 	1
21. Review of the implementation of the Declaration on the Strengthening of International Security: report of the First Committee (A/52/611) [82].	0
Long-held devotion to logging and to mines and to agriculture, and to no government regulation; values that worked well in the past, but they don't seem to be working well today. 	1
So, some societies, for subtle environmental reasons, are more fragile than others. And then finally, another generalization. I'm now teaching a course at UCLA, to UCLA undergraduates, on these collapses of societies. What really bugs my UCLA undergraduate students is, how on earth did these societies not see what they were doing? 	1
It seems incredible in the past. In the future, it'll seem incredible what we are doing today. And so I've been trying to develop a hierarchical set of considerations about why societies fail to solve their problems -- why they fail to perceive the problems or, if they perceive them, why they fail to tackle them. Or, if they tackle them, why do they fail to succeed in solving them? 	1
In the context of the Presidential Statement (S/PRST/1997/ 46) adopted by the Ministerial Meeting of the Security Council on Africa on 25 September 1997, and the 1 November 1995 report of the Secretary-General on Improving Preparedness for Conflict Prevention and Peacekeeping in Africa (S/1995/ 911-A/50/711), the Secretariat is convening a meeting on enhancing African capacity for peacekeeping.	0
I'll just mention two generalizations in this area. 	1
One of the things that enabled Australia to survive in this remote outpost of European civilization for 250 years has been their British identity. 	1
(b) Draft resolutions (A/52/L.54, L.55 and L.62)	0
The big problems facing the world today are not at all things beyond our control. Our biggest threat is not an asteroid about to crash into us, something we can do nothing about. 	1
And it describes how he feels when composing is going well. 	1
(a) Financing of development, including net transfer of resources between developing and developed countries	0
And regardless of the culture, regardless of education or whatever, there are these seven conditions that seem to be there when a person is in flow. 	1
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.4 and L.48	0
Control is also a good place to be, because there you feel comfortable, but not very excited. 	1
(c) Draft resolutions (A/52/L.19/Rev.1, A/52/L.31).	0
There is also a very weak force called, rather unimaginatively, the weak force, that interacts only with left-handed matter. 	1
Finally, there's the force of gravity, which interacts with matter via its mass and spin. 	1
Electrons have an electric charge, a negative one, and quarks have electric charges in thirds. 	1
Mr. John Vereker, Permanent Under Secretary at the British	0
The reason most of us are only familiar with electric charge and not both of these is because of the Higgs particle. 	1
We can also include two more charges corresponding to the gravitational force. 	1
Draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.20 was consequently withdrawn by its sponsors.	0
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 98 (f).	0
Operational activities for development [99]	0
One does a lot of hard work knowing that most of these ideas probably won't end up being true about nature. 	1
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 99 as a whole.	0
This was a view from my home office on Maui. 	1
Signature: Algeria, Andorra, Antigua and Barbuda, Australia, Austria, Bahamas, Barbados, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Cambodia, Cameroon, Canada, Chile, Colombia, Cook Islands, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Czech Republic, Djibouti, Dominica, Dominican Republic, Ethiopia, Fiji, France, Gabon, Germany, Greece, Grenada, Guatemala, Guinea-Bissau, Haiti, Honduras, Hungary, Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Liechtenstein, Malaysia, Mali, Mauritania, Mauritius, Mexico, Mozambique, Namibia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Niue, Norway, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Portugal, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Rwanda, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, Samoa, San Marino, Senegal, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, Thailand, Turkmenistan, Uganda, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela and Zimbabwe (3 December 1997)	0
GL: No, it would be one of the symmetries of this E8 shape. 	1
In conjunction with the observance of Human Rights Day and the launch of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, a two-day International Journalists Roundtable on Human Rights will take place on 8 and 9 December 1997 in Conference Room 6.	0
But designers are great at taking big revolutions that happen and transforming them so that we can use them. 	1
The exhibition will talk about the work of both designers and scientists, and show how they're presenting the possibilities of the future to us. 	1
PREPARATORY COMMITTEE ON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT	0
And then also graphs by scientists, this beautiful diagraph of protein homology. 	1
Another aspect of contemporary design that I think is mind-opening, promising and will really be the future of design, is the idea of collective design. 	1
WORKING GROUP ON DEFINITION OF WAR CRIMES	0
You know, the whole XO laptop, from One Laptop per Child, is based on the idea of collaboration and mash and networking. 	1
And this is called Blind Date. It's a [unclear], so if you're too shy to be really at the date, you can stay at a distance with your flowers and somebody else reenacts the date for you. 	1
3. Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty: report of the First Committee (A/52/593) [64].	0
They had a particular shape that they had to stay in. 	1
4. Reduction of military budgets: report of the First Committee (A/52/594) [65].	0
(a) Reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/467, A/52/581);	0
Elio Caccavale: he took the idea of those dolls that explain leukemia. 	1
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund	0
But I'm hoping that this particular exhibition will be able to trace a new portrait of where design is going -- which is always, hopefully, a portrait a few years in advance of where the world is going. 	1
The first regular session 1998 of the Executive Board of UNDP and of UNFPA will be held from 19 to 23 January 1998 in the Economic and Social Council Chamber.	0
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 97 (f).	0
I did not know what to say. I said, "Yes." 	1
I mean, I liked him a lot better than the sandworms. 	1
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.18 and L.53	0
And it was so successful that they made it into a movie. 	1
The Vice-Chairman of the Committee, Mr. Hans-Peter Glanzer (Austria), introduced and corrected draft resolution A/C.2/52/ L.53, submitted by him in the basis of informal consultations held on draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.18.	0
And the way I remember it, the movie featured these details. 	1
The freckles had grown and multiplied on her face and shoulders, clustering into a kind of a tan. 	1
And he said, "Don't worry." He was sure that Catherine would be safe. 	1
She was smiling. She did not understand why I was so worried. 	1
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/581);	0
Architectural photography -- Julius Schulman, who has talked about transfiguration, took this fabulous, famous picture of the Kauffman House. 	1
It's glamorous, first, because she is beautiful -- but that does not make you glamorous, that only makes you beautiful. 	1
"To conceal all art and make whatever is done or said appear to be without effort": And this is one of the critical aspects of glamour. 	1
And some people get rich enough, and if they have their ideals -- in a sort of domestic sense, they get to acquire their perfect world. 	1
It will be made to the Permanent Representatives of the donors and other Governments directly concerned.	0
This session is on natural wonders, and the bigger conference is on the pursuit of happiness. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 50.	0
And it’s really about identifying what’s causing us to disturb our innate health and happiness, and then to allow that natural healing to occur. 	1
The representative of Mexico made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/52/L.19/Rev.1.	0
And what we found was that, instead of getting worse and worse, in many cases it could get better and better, and much more quickly than people had once realized. 	1
Proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 [116]	0
These minor changes in blockages caused a 300 percent improvement in blood flow, and using cardiac positron emission tomography, or "PET," scans, blue and black is no blood flow, orange and white is maximal. 	1
The Committee thus concluded its consideration of this agenda item.	0
Two-thirds of adults are overweight or obese, and diabetes in kids and 30-year-olds has increased 70 percent in the last 10 years. It’s no joke: it’s real. 	1
Now, one way to eat fewer calories is to eat less food, which is why you can lose weight on any diet if you eat less food, or if you restrict entire categories of foods. 	1
And fat has nine calories per gram, whereas protein and carbs only have four. 	1
Informal Consultations on draft proposals under item 20 and all its sub-items conducted by H.E. Dr. Ernst Sucharipa (Austria) Committees	0
I mean, there are lots of ways of losing weight that aren’t good for you. 	1
There's no need to see the little detailed words on it. 	1
The message of the High Commissioner for Human Rights will be read by Dr. Purificación Quisumbing, Director, New York Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights.	0
Buckminster Fuller said it clearly: "there are no passengers on spaceship Earth, only crew. We, the crew, can and must do more with less -- much less." 	1
the telemetry, the receiver and so on. And we'll fly it, we hope, with the same success that we had last night when we did the practice. 	1
Every 25 years I do a picture. Here's the one -- tries to show that the world isn't getting any bigger. 	1
(c) Human rights situations and reports of special rapporteurs and representatives: report of the Third Committee (Part IV) (A/52/644/Add.3*);	0
The General Assembly proceeded to take decisions on the draft resolutions recommended by the First Committee in paragraph 65 of its report (A/52/600).	0
If you line the sides of the cabinets using the gel material -- if a cabinet slams shut it wouldn't make a loud noise, and in addition the magnets would draw the cabinets closed. 	1
By 125 votes to 3, with 40 abstentions (recorded vote), the General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended in paragraph 7 of the report (A/52/606) (resolution 52/44).	0
ZK: Our next technology comes to us from a company in Japan called Sekisui Chemical. One of their R&amp;D engineers was working on a way to make plastic stiffer. 	1
(a) Report of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalien- able Rights of the Palestinian People (A/52/35)	0
KS: As this paper is bending, the resistance of the ink changes. 	1
Statements in explanation of vote before the vote were made by the representatives of Turkey and Swaziland.	0
And these dyes change color in response to odors. 	1
This is very strange for me, because I’m not used to doing this: I usually stand on the other side of the light, and now I'm feeling the pressure I put other people into. And it's hard ... 	1
Action on draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.16 and L.40	0
Statements in explanation of vote, after the vote, were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), South Africa and the Russian Federation.	0
The Committee then adopted draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.57.	0
These are the sentiments of someone that's been away from home. 	1
On the proposal of the Chairman the Committee adopted a draft decision taking note of the report of the Governing Council of the United Nations Environment Programme as contained in document A/52/25.	0
You must get -- z Child Soldiers: Ready and willing to die. 	1
He then withdrew draft resolutions A/C.2/52/L.13 and L.13/Rev.1.	0
Draft biennial programme of work for the Second Committee for 1998-1999 [12]	0
The Chairman then declared the work of the Second Committee suspended.	0
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]	0
You are planning to go back to fight are you? 	1
CC: Mr. Gelehun, I'd like to remind you, you're not on trial here today. 	1
We still have one foot in the dark ages. 	1
* Following the meeting of the Working Group on Procedural Matters.	0
The ocean representation would have a depth to it. 	1
3. Programme budget for the biennium 1996-1997: Second Performance Report	0
What we need to do is go down into the ocean with the freedom of the animals, and move in this three-dimensional space. 	1
And this ballet is controlled by this lady here. 	1
The provisional agenda, annotations, list of documents and work plan are contained in document DP/1998/L.1.	0
So Bob Gelfond's around here -- but somebody in the audience here has license number 20. 	1
The people on the tracks just continued to watch them. 	1
The slum built on the railroad reservation between the sea and the railroad tracks was completely swept away. 	1
The General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended by the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) in paragraph 6 of its report (A/52/623) (resolution 52/74).	0
We think this boat is going to Phuket hospital, but if it's too dangerous to land at its pier, then perhaps it will go to Krabi instead, which is more protected. 	1
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Saturday, 13 December 1997	0
And this is a very challenging idea. It's a very challenging idea to mainstream media. It's a very challenging idea to anyone who has invested an enormous amount of time and expertise, and who has a lot of energy invested in the notion that he or she knows better than everyone else. 	1
Informal consultations on agenda item 116 (Proposed pro-gramme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 (A/52/6/Rev.1 (Vol. I and II) and Add.1, A/52/16 and Add.1, A/52/7 and Chapter II, Parts I-XII and Add.1-2, A/51/950 and Corr.1 (Arabic only) and Add.1-6, A/52/303 and Add.1, A/C.5/51/53, A/C.5/51/57, A/C.5/ 52/15, A/C.5/52/20 and A/C.5/52/27)) No. 1997/241	0
But there's also a downside to this -- a kind of dark side, in fact -- and that is that the more tightly linked we've become to each other, the harder it is for each of us to remain independent. 	1
(e) Appointment of members of the United Nations Admin-istrative Tribunal (A/C.5/52/29)	0
And they said, "No, you’re walking to make us look bad, right? 	1
(ii) Draft resolution (A/52/L.48/Rev.1).	0
You don’t ride in cars, you don’t talk -- you’re going to have to do those things." 	1
Development Programme and of the United Nations Population Fund	0
I had 13 students when I first walked into the class. 	1
Lecture The UNDP Office of Development Studies (ODS) will hold an informal lecture entitled “Municipal Finance in Developing Countries” on Wednesday, 17 December 1997, from 1.15 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 6.	0
All members of Permanent Missions, Secretariat staff, representatives of non-governmental organizations and the media are invited to attend.	0
Note: The summary of the 70th plenary meeting of the General As-sembly will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 1997/ 242).	0
ANNOUNCEMENTS Chairmen of regional groups	0
* With a view to a formal meeting following the adjournment of the consultations.	0
And you know, I forgot the most important thing, which is why I started talking, which I have to tell you. 	1
I want to see how many of you can get these things on the stage. 	1
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the representatives of the Sudan, Zambia, Bahrain and Yemen.	0
Even one like, say, Tickle Me Elmo -- which, despite its ingenuity, really only does one thing, whereas boxes offer an infinite number of choices. 	1
The Assembly adopted the draft decision recommended by the Third Committee in paragraph 63 of the same report.	0
But it’s hard to break our habits, our adult habits. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of sub-item (b) of agenda item 112.	0
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action: report of the Third Committee (Part V) (A/52/644/Add.4)	0
Construction play -- it’s playful, obviously, but also a powerful way to learn. 	1
At IDEO there’s a kind of a back-to-preschool feel sometimes about the environment. 	1
Appointments to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other appointments [17]	0
They lose this stuff that facilitates this sort of playful and building mode of thinking. 	1
Agenda item 52 (Armed Israeli aggression against the Iraqi nuclear installations and its grave con- sequences for the established inter- national system concerning the peaceful of nuclear energy, the non-proliferation of nuclear wea- pons and international peace and security)	0
So we’re very good, when acting out a solution, at spotting whether something lacks authenticity. 	1
Now, this is a real hospital, in a real emergency room. 	1
Note: The remainder of the summary of the 72nd plenary meeting will appear in the next issue of the Journal (No. 1997/243).	0
So anyhow, he went there with his video camera, and it’s kind of interesting to see what he brought back. 	1
And so the idea of role-play is both as an empathy tool, as well as a tool for prototyping experiences. 	1
(c) Population and development: report of the Second Committee (Part IV) (A/52/628/Add.3);	0
He’s making 45 molecules, and he’s looking for a sandalwood, something that smells of sandalwood. 	1
In fact, molecules are able to vibrate at a set of frequencies which are very specific for each molecule and for the bonds connecting them. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 144.	0
Now, the slight fly in the ointment is this: that if we smell molecular vibrations, we must have a spectroscope in our nose. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 145.	0
And this is the main objection to the theory. 	1
The Assembly decided to conclude its consideration of agenda item 149.	0
In other words, I’ve taken off-the-shelf components, and I’ve made a spectroscope. 	1
And then a magnificent thing happened: I left academia and joined the real world of business, and a company was created around my ideas to make new molecules using my method, along the lines of, let’s put someone else’s money where your mouth is. 	1
Financing of the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991 [135]	0
The Committee adopted, without a vote, the draft resolutions.	0
You’re right, and I don’t care how you do it, in a sense; you bring me the molecules, you know. 	1
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people:	0
Of who else there is, of the history and so forth. 	1
The representative of Tajikistan made a statement in the course of which he introduced draft resolution A/52/L.46/Rev.1.	0
This is also, if you talk to legal scholars, the foundations of new ideas in legal thought. 	1
That is, natural selection works on properties, like fitness, which are about relationships of some species to some other species. 	1
The Assembly was informed that, in order to allow time for the review of the programme budget implications of draft resolution A/52/L.68, action on the draft resolution would be taken at a later date to be announced.	0
And she said -- she was so honest -- she said, "It's a great question. 	1
The Chairman of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions orally presented the related report of that Committee.	0
And yet the politicization of Never Again, the operationalization of Never Again, had never occurred in the 20th century. 	1
Reports, conclusions and recommendations of subsidiary bodies [7]	0
The people in those camps are surrounded on all sides by so-called Janjaweed, these men on horseback with spears and Kalashnikovs. 	1
He was the victim of the first-ever suicide bomb in Iraq. 	1
10. The situation in Central America: procedures for the establishment of a firm and lasting peace and progress in fashioning a region of peace, freedom, democracy and development [45]:	0
Talk about evil prevailing. I mean, here he was in the room with the embodiment of evil in Cambodia. 	1
But by the end of his life, I think he had struck a balance that we as a country can learn from. 	1
ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON ADMINISTRATIVE AND BUDGETARY QUESTIONS	0
What I take away, and this in some ways is the most important, he espoused and exhibited a reverence for dignity that was really, really unusual. 	1
The session will resume on Monday, 26 January 1998, at 3 p.m. for a joint meeting with the Executive Board of UNICEF.	0
And so I'd make the car stop, and I'd get out of the car and walk, and see that in fact there wasn't a hole, but it was a trick of my eye, it was a shadow, you know. 	1
All interested delegations are invited to attend.	0
And I did like, you know, the narrator, and I read it. 	1
Except, I guess, that's what staying up every night is about. 	1
IM: You read about all these people who have a lot of money and they have kids and the kids always end up somehow, like, really messed up, you know what I mean? 	1
An informal presentation on the theme “The Enabling En-vironment for Private Sector Development in a Globalized World” by Mr. Jean-François Rischard, Vice-President and Head of the World Bank Network for Finance, Private Sector Deve-lopment and Infrastructure, will take place today Friday, 19 December 1997, from 1.30 p.m. to 2.45 p.m. in Conference Room 7.	0
And they're going to be playing this clip: "I'm such a good mother." 	1
We actually shoot segments like T.V. show segments. 	1
Question of the Comorian island of Mayotte [55]	0
Now, the buttermilk that you get is actually low-fat or skim milk. 	1
Elections to fill vacancies in subsidiary organs and other elections: election of seven members of the Committee for Pro-gramme and Coordination: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/440/Add.1) [16 (b)]	0
The representative of the United States made a statement.	0
The observer for Algeria made a statement.	0
It is like the Grand Canyon on Earth, except a hell of a lot larger. 	1
1. Report of the Economic and Social Council (A/52/3) [12].	0
This is one very large crater. Geologists love craters, because craters are like digging a big hole in the ground without really working at it, and you can see what's below the surface. 	1
Completion of the work of the Fifth Committee for the main part of the 52nd regular session of the General Assembly	0
And the other one has arthritis of the shoulder joint, you know, it's not working very well, so it's walking like this, and we can move the arm, you know, that way. 	1
But still they are producing a lot of scientific data. 	1
Statements in explanation of vote were made by the representatives of Indonesia, the Philippines, the United States, the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Cuba and Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union).	0
It's a very scary moment; a lot has to happen in a very short amount of time. 	1
EB: We have to build large amounts of autonomy into the spacecraft so that it can land itself safely. 	1
To give you an idea of the size, you know, of that parachute relative to the people standing there. 	1
Training and research: United Nations Institute for Training and Research: report of the Second Committee (A/52/631) [100]	0
If you look at these stripes in here, what we call tiger stripes, when we flew over them, all of a sudden we saw an increase in the temperature, which said that those stripes are warmer than the rest of the planet. 	1
Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources: report of the Second Committee (A/52/632) [101]	0
So this is a Yellowstone, you know, of Saturn. 	1
Because I'm from Switzerland, and I just don't hope you think this is Swiss German if we Swiss try to speak American. 	1
If necessary, meetings will continue on 30 January 1998.	0
I mean, that's interesting. One could extend this sort of statistical analysis to cover all Mr. Haring's various works, in order to establish in which period the artist favored pale green circles or pink squares. 	1
It goes back to a time when I was very often staying in hotels. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the revised estimates in respect of matters of which the Security Council is seized (A/C.5/52/24 and A/52/7/Add.6)	0
Some people would make apple pie out of it. 	1
[MULTILATERAL TREATIES DEPOSITED WITH THE SECRETARY-GENERAL]	0
Well, this is what deep time does to a building. 	1
Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations: report of the Fifth Committee (A/52/745) [120]	0
We had tree ring analysts from the University of Arizona join us on the expedition. 	1
The Assembly thus concluded this stage of its consideration of agenda item 137.	0
The General Assembly adopted draft resolutions I, II (A to C), III, IV and V recommended by the Fifth Committee in paragraph 7 of its report (A/52/744) (resolutions 52/220, 52/221(A to C), 52/222, 52/223 and 52/224) .	0
Item 106 Implementation of the outcome of the Fourth World Conference on Women	0
So you can scratch Lincoln Canyon as an approach. 	1
Item 117 Improving the financial situation of the United Nations	0
The harder it is to get to, the more people will value it." 	1
Item 130 Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus	0
And he dashed across the top of the mountains. 	1
Statements in explanation of position were made by the rep-resentatives of Belgium (on behalf of the European Union), India, the Syrian Arab Republic, New Zealand (on behalf of Australia, Canada and New Zealand), Japan, Cuba, Pakistan, Panama and the United States.	0
he's trying to determine if where he is on a bit of Long Now land would appear from down in the valley to be the actual peak of the mountain. 	1
The Council approved the amount of $610,048,547 recommended by the Panel of Commissioners as compensation to the Kuwaiti oil sector, without prejudice to adjustments that might be reached concerning allocation of costs after the review of other related Kuwait Oil Company claims.	0
This is something that happened without foreign investment, without government aid, and actually, it happened against all odds, in one of the most difficult moments in Nigerian economy. 	1
13. Article 16 report No. 17 was issued on 31 October 1996, bringing the total number of claims reported to over 2.6 million for a total amount sought of over $20.4 billion.	0
In the meantime, we had to cover Nollywood, and we talked to a lot of filmmakers. 	1
21. During these five decisive years, in almost every Panel there has been an Arab or a Moslem Commissioner.	0
They can afford to watch their "Robocop" and whatever. 	1
PP: I keep trying to explain to people, it's not about the quality at the moment -- the quality is coming. 	1
It is not what you hear, you know, from the Western press. 	1
I hope that the Nollywood phenomenon will go both ways. 	1
3. Decides that the payment of claims in accordance with paragraph 6 of decision 17 (S/AC.26/Dec.17 (1994)) and future decisions of the Governing Council on the priority of payment and the payment mechanism are in no way affected by this decision;	0
FS: 2,000 films a year. 2005 or 6, the censor board has censored 1,600 films alone. 	1
4. Notes that, to the extent specified in paragraphs 45 (e), 45 (f), 45 (g) and 45 (h) of the executive summary, Kuwait Oil Company may amend its other claims before the Commission, for examination by the relevant Panels of Commissioners;	0
We think there's on the order -- visible to the Hubble Space Telescope, if you had the time to scan it around -- about 100 billion galaxies. Right? 	1
Iraq also asserted that the data provided was incomplete.	0
In addition, the Panel is of the opinion that embarking on the type of investigation required to deal with Egypt’s request would not be compatible with the nature of the work of the Commission.	0
Iraq seeks the exclusion of these claims on the basis that Iraq is not liable for deposits made before 2 August 1990.	0
It's hard to see the pattern in the middle of the audience, it's hard to see the pattern of this. 	1
The secretariat’s review also showed that the computerized lists of claimants provided by Egypt do not correspond to the payment orders with respect to US$43,306 in amounts stated for 142 claimants.	0
That is, we have to seriously play God, not just change people's lives, but make the universe, right. 	1
And so you know when you first saw this picture, it didn't mean quite so much to you. 	1
You see a filament, you see the light is the invisible matter, and the yellow is the stars or the galaxies showing up. 	1
And you have to understand, this is not how it would actually look if you -- first, you can't travel this fast, everything would be distorted, but this is using simple rendering and graphic arts kind of stuff. 	1
that is, galaxies and stars and so forth. 	1
Since then we've had WMAP, which just gives us higher angular resolution. 	1
And so very simple things -- off-the-shelf technologies that we could easily find on the then-early Web -- would clearly make a huge difference to that problem. 	1
(a) The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea: State Commission of External Economic Affairs (US$1,148,474.28);	0
On the Panel’s instructions, the secretariat transmitted copies of such Orders to Iraq.	0
The first is this whole area of education, and it really relates to what Nicholas was talking about with a $100 computer. 	1
On 15 May 1997, in accordance with the Panel’s Procedural Ruling, Nigeria resubmitted this portion of the Claim in category “C” on behalf of its Finance Attaché.	0
The second area that I'm focusing on is the environmental problem, because that's clearly going to put a lot of pressure on this world. 	1
In some cases, based on its review of the documents underlying the Claims, the Panel has reclassified the losses stated by Claimants on their claim forms.	0
In two dimensions, if you make, like, a fabric out of them, they're 30 times stronger than Kevlar. 	1
New Zealand claims that it made severance payments to the local staff at its embassy in Baghdad after that embassy was closed on 12 December 1990.	0
The inside of the nanotubes is so small -- the smallest ones are 0.7 nanometers -- that it's basically a quantum world. 	1
Denmark seeks compensation in the amount of 266,151 Danish krone (“DKr”) for rent that it prepaid for its embassy premises in Kuwait City during the period of the occupation.	0
And what we did, over the last few months -- well, a few months ago, Ray Kurzweil and I wrote an op-ed in the New York Times about how publishing the 1918 genome was very dangerous. 	1
The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea alleges that at dawn on 16 September 1990, during the Iraqi occupation of Kuwait	0
You normally get a trivalent vaccine against three possible strains. 	1
The Claimant seeks compensation in the amount of US$799,832.92 for the loss of such currency and gold.	0
We believe that if we could fill these 10 gaps, we have a chance to help really reduce the risk of a pandemic. 	1
The Claimant alleges that even before it was forced to evacuate its embassy	0
For example, rather than trying to regulate away problems, which probably won't work, if we could price into the cost of doing business, the cost of catastrophe, so that people who are doing things that had a higher cost of catastrophe would have to take insurance against that risk. 	1
It asserts that, following the liberation of Kuwait, its efforts to trace the vehicle were unsuccessful.	0
We may not be able to stop it, but the likelihood that it will get past us is lower if we focus on that problem. 	1
Sri Lanka claims that its Honorary Consul in Jordan provided humanitarian support to the thousands of Sri Lankan refugees who fled Kuwait via Jordan following the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait.	0
It is fatty, it's sweet, it's silky, it's unctuous. 	1
"Spanish chef accused ... " -- and the French accused him. 	1
Nigeria seeks compensation in the amount of US$107,500.63 for these evacuation costs.	0
As funny as it sounds, articulating it now and reading about it -- actually, if we had talked about it before this controversy, I would have said, "That's kind of true." 	1
Nigeria seeks compensation for such expenses in the amount of US$204,126.74.	0
And I thought, OK, excited Jew from New York, right? 	1
The Governing Council has provided some guidance on the issue of what types of loss are to be considered direct and, therefore, compensable.	0
The Governing Council emphasized the mandatory nature of this requirement in decision 7, paragraph 37, which states that “[s]ince these [category “F”] claims will be for substantial amounts, they must be supported by documentary and other appropriate evidence”.	0
In its review of the Claims, the Panel found that all the Claims contained a statement of claim and evidence sufficient to establish at least parts of certain loss elements alleged within the Claims.	0
The Netherlands seeks compensation for reimbursements that it made to its diplomats whose property was lost or damaged in Kuwait or Iraq.	0
And they are allowed to take whatever they want. 	1
For individuals such criteria include “losses of income, support, housing or personal property.”Governing Council decision 1, “Criteria for Expedited Processing of Claims” (S/AC.26/1991/1), para. 14.	0
He lets them take what they want and he says, "Usually, it's about 50 percent. They're very fair." 	1
The Democratic People’s Republic of Korea alleges that a Kuwait City automobile dealer has refused to return the deposit made by the Claimant on a new car prior to Iraq’s invasion and occupation of Kuwait.	0
Both Hungarian Claimants and Nigeria seek compensation for the cost of repairing physical damage to their embassy buildings in Kuwait City.	0
In this case, the Panel decides that Nigeria’s retrieval of its cars from Baghdad constituted a reasonable step taken in mitigation of its tangible property losses.	0
First, as one portion of its Claim, Denmark seeks compensation for a car that belonged to its embassy in Kuwait City.	0
Accordingly, the Panel decides that the costs incurred by Governments in evacuating other nationals from Iraq and Kuwait should be compensable on the same basis as those costs incurred by Governments in evacuating their own citizens.	0
For example, the Claimant does not identify the “channel” through which the payment was made nor does it allege that the payment was made under compulsion.	0
What do you think of foie gras that 99.99999 percent of the world eats? 	1
Thus, the application of the pre-invasion rate to the loss would have resulted in an unjustified windfall for the Claimant.	0
The amounts are stated in United States dollars.	0
Mega-farms, feed lots, chemical amendments, long-distance travel, food processing. 	1
Gusty entered her boldly and made love to her rhythmically while she filmed him, because she was a keen amateur pornographer. 	1
Right now, those and other neurologic diseases -- for which we have no cure or prevention -- cost about a third of a trillion dollars a year. 	1
So one approach we’re taking is to try to design drugs that function like molecular Scotch tape, to hold the protein into its proper shape. 	1
You can see the range of the Coast Redwoods. It's here, in red. 	1
Think about this tree, rising upward into Redwood space, 325 feet, 32 stories, an individual living organism articulating its forms upward into space over long periods of time. 	1
Redwood time moves at a more stately pace than human time. 	1
The amounts per Government, as noted in paragraph 109 of the report, are as follows:	0
Grounds passes and admission to meetings	0
Many species of mosses, and then all sorts of lichens just plastering the tree. 	1
A Redwood is a fractal. And as they put out limbs, the limbs burst into small trees, copies of the Redwood. 	1
I've wanted to ask Craig Venter if it would be possible to insert a synthetic chromosome into a human so that we could reiterate ourselves if we wanted to. 	1
United Nations premises, request for use of Video conferencing	0
Redwoods grow back into themselves as they expand into space, and this flying buttress is a limb shot out of that small trunk, going back into the main trunk and fusing with it. 	1
What can the Redwoods tell us about ourselves? 	1
The Visitor's Entrance at 46th Street and First Avenue includes a ramp, allowing access both to the General Assembly and to the gardens.	0
You can think of the Earth's biosphere as a palace, and the continents are rooms in the palace, and the islands are small rooms. 	1
The Web puts information in the form of text and images. 	1
Senegal Somalia United States of America	0
You know, mapping in India -- that's such a great example. 	1
True on the Web -- also true in Second Life. 	1
And so the existence of an economy is critical. 	1
 JH: The question is, there appears to be a lack of cultural fine-tuning in Second Life. 	1
So, the average age of a person in Second Life is 32, however, the use of Second Life increases dramatically as your physical age increases. So as you go from age 30 to age 60 -- and there are many people in their sixties using Second Life -- this is also not a sharp curve -- it's very, very distributed -- usage goes up in terms of, like, hours per week by 40 percent 	1
They tend to be creative. They tend to be entrepreneurial. 	1
Executive Director of the World Food Programme	0
A lot of them -- about 55,000 people so far -- are cash-flow positive: they're making money from what -- I mean, real-world money -- from what they're doing in Second Life, so it's a very build -- still a creative, building things, build-your-own-business type of an orientation. So, that's it. 	1
Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP)	0
Moved around a bunch -- had that experience too. 	1
relative to our concept of our very lives and being, and our identities, as well. 	1
If we are going to reinvent the automobile today, rather than 100 years ago, knowing what we know about the issues associated with our product and about the technologies that exist today, what would we do? 	1
Duration of meetings Normally, morning meetings are scheduled from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and afternoon meetings from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.	0
But it tells us that we know how to create it, we know how to create it cost effectively, we know how to handle it safely. 	1
We actually think the future's going to be event-driven. 	1
While delegations are increasingly given a time-frame in which to deliver their statements, they are kindly requested to speak at a normal speed at all times to enable the interpreters to give an accurate and complete rendition of their statements.	0
Chris Anderson: Larry, Larry, wait, wait, wait, wait, Larry, wait, wait one sec. 	1
Summary records cover the proceedings in a concise, abbreviated form. They are not intended to include each inter-vention, or to reproduce statements textually.	0
And secondly, it's a fundamental business proposition. 	1
In the case of verbatim records, such exceptional corrections will be resorted to only to revise errors or omissions in the original language version of a statement.	0
There are four on-board micro-controllers that, each time this ring rotates it, as it passes the rear of the display, it picks up a position signal. 	1
When such documents are submitted during a meeting and are required urgently, advance versions marked “Provisional” are translated and reproduced immediately by special arrangements and distributed to participants only.	0
Edited texts and revised translations are issued later;	0
This is actually only about 1.5 percent of what the final display will be in May. 	1
There are hundreds of student innovators with fantastic projects. 	1
1. The Archives and Records Centre (room PK-1200, ext. 38681 and 38682) is situated at 345 Park Avenue South, between 25th and 26th Streets and provides storage and retrieval services for archives and records of the United Nations, and for archives of UNICEF and UNFPA.	0
 Well, my true love's a black-eyed daisy; if I don't see her, I go crazy. 	1
Well, we'll get married next Thanksgiving. 	1
Members of the visual media will be granted booth positions for cover-ing meetings and other events;	0
You take Kate, I'll take Sal; we'll both have a Johnson gal. 	1
Special attention is being given to the follow-up to the 1992-1996 cycle of major United Nations conferences, as well as to special observances such as inter-national Decades, Years and Days.	0
Outside of Gatesville we were coming back from the grocery store. 	1
Arrangements can be made for satellite transmissions.	0
I set it up with the foreman. I set it up with the owner of the land. 	1
The United Nations Radio and Central News Service produces, in the six official languages as well as nine other languages, recorded programmes on the work of the United Nations and the specialized agencies.	0
And I don't want it to leave me behind. 	1
For further information, contact the Audio-Visual Promotion and Distribution Unit (room S-0805A, ext. 36982).	0
It was originally made by the Dopyera Brothers, who later on made the Dobro, which is a wood-bodied instrument with a metal cone for -- where the sound comes from. 	1
(a) UN Info Quest (UN-I-QUE): a search facility providing easy access to document symbols/sales numbers for tens of thousands of major UN documents and publications issued since 1946, including Secretary-General's reports, committee and commission reports, general debates and much more.	0
Michael and I were standing way at the side of the kitchen. 	1
Reference services 37412 31779 L-201 dhlunsa@un.org	0
Innovation is not part of the aim of my work. 	1
Daily menus are posted on the bulletin board near the elevator at the entrance to the dining-room.	0
My master took me to set ovens because this was part of oven-making, oven-setting, in the time. 	1
The services provided are the usual postal services for private or official delegation mailings, including parcel post, air mail, registered and insured mail, international and domestic money orders, information about postage rates and regulations concerning entry or dispatch of parcels to and from various countries.	0
And this flu has wiped through the population of bees. 	1
Vehicles with “S” plates registered in the name of mission staff will not be authorized to park in the United Nations compound.	0
Now of course, if you lose a lot of colonies, beekeepers can replace them very quickly. 	1
Parking decals must be displayed prominently and be clearly visible to security officers and Garage Administration staff at entry points and while the vehicles are on the premises.	0
And then the one half that doesn't have a queen, they can buy a queen. 	1
Vehicles not having or displaying a valid decal are liable to be towed off the premises.	0
It comes in the mail; it can come from Australia or Hawaii or Florida, and you can introduce that queen. 	1
Any changes in vehicle usage must be reflected on the respective decals and as such should be brought to the Garage Administration for processing.	0
And you can install this in your hive and replace that dead-out. 	1
The office, which is located in room S-2008, is open from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. (ext. 36280).	0
And they're not people who like to ask for help, although they are the most helpful people ever. 	1
All members of the diplomatic and international community are welcome to call the Commission for assistance throughout their stay in New York.	0
Of course, the real importance for bees is not the honey. 	1
There is an entrance for delegates only at GA-032A.	0
There is a quiet room for delegates in the delegates' south lounge on the second floor, Conference building.	0
Secretary-General 44 T Telecommunications services 76	0
And I hope that you experience it and I hope you tell me about it one day. 	1
Typists' rooms 74 U information centres,	0
This is an example of a real meteorite, and you can see all the melting of the iron from the speed and the heat when a meteorite hits the earth, and just how much of it survives and melts. 	1
NOTE 1: For amendments to Chapter 12, Part I and Chapter 17, see annex 3.	0
And it wouldn’t be interesting to talk about the dawn of books without having a copy of a Guttenberg Bible. 	1
More tomorrow. I also have pictures coming of the library for those of you that have asked for pictures. 	1
UN 3052 Add subsidiary risk “4.3” in column (b2) .	0
And that’s really what discovery and imagination is all about. 	1
“(including molten metals, molten salts, etc.)”.	0
Well, this is the code for life, and this is a code for death. 	1
Add special provision “280” in column (b3).	0
Air bags or seat-belts installed in vehicles or in completed vehicle components such as steering columns, door panels, seats etc. are not subject to these Recommendations.	0
282 Suspensions with a flash point of not more than 60.5 °C should bear a flammable liquid subsidiary risk label.	0
It comes with its own wine cellar that you can draw freely from. 	1
284 An oxygen generator, chemical, containing oxidizing substances should meet the following conditions:	0
These ones GQ did spring for -- I own these -- but I will tell you, not only did I not get a compliment from any of you, I have not gotten a compliment from anybody in the months that I have owned and worn these. 	1
6.3.2 Delete the current footnote (a) to the table in paragraph 6.3.2 and renumber the remaining footnote (b) as footnote (a).	0
If ice is used, the outer packaging or overpack should be leakproof.	0
And I had no idea that I was one of those obnoxious people you occasionally see weaving in and out of traffic, because it was just that smooth. 	1
“Except for recycled plastics material as defined in 9.2.1, no...(rest unchanged)”	0
There were people at my table who thought it was, you know, fantastic. 	1
2. Add the following entries to Table 12.1	0
or compound solution2,10 or compound dispersion2,10,	0
Now, you see a very interesting pattern here, which is first of all, two things are vastly over-estimated, namely tornadoes and fireworks. 	1
3347 Phenoxyacetic acid derivative pesticide,	0
It's not interesting because it's so common. 	1
Leroy has nine tickets; there's one left. 	1
This is an error, and I can prove it to you by showing the kinds of irrationalities to which it leads. 	1
Figure 10.2 Replace respectively “New substance” in box 1 and “New Article” in box 14 with “Substance for Classification” and “Article for Classification”	0
The overall heating rate, dT/dt (K/min), due to fire engulfment is calculated by equation (4):	0
So, they will opt for the item in the middle. 	1
In addition to these general requirements, portable tanks shall conform to the design, construction, inspection and testing requirements detailed in 6.6.2.	0
The dealer near your house sells this particular stereo for 200 dollars, but if you drive across town, you can get it for 100 bucks. 	1
Owners shall be able to provide this documentation upon the request of any competent authority.	0
And at some point you may have met a couple from your own hometown, and you thought, "Oh, my God, these people are so warm. They're so nice to me. 	1
4.2.1.9.1.1 Portable tanks shall not be filled above the extent provided in 4.2.1.9.2 to 4.2.1.9.6.	0
And so you buy them, and you bring them home, and you entirely violate the décor of your house. 	1
4.2.1.13.3 The additional requirements for transport of organic peroxides with an SADT less than 55 oC in portable tanks shall be specified by the competent authority of the country of origin.	0
And these are subjective values, and what you can see is, our two rules are preserved. 	1
The emergency-relief devices shall be dimensioned in such a way that the maximum pressure in the tank never exceeds the test pressure of the tank.	0
We are the only species on this planet that has ever held its own fate in its hands. 	1
Non-refrigerated liquefied gases shall be transported in portable tanks conforming to portable tank instruction T50 as described in 4.2.4.2.6 and any portable tank special provisions assigned to specific refrigerated liquefied gases in Column 11 of the Dangerous Goods List and described in 4.2.4.3.	0
That's what you think it is. All right? 	1
1-Chloro-1,2,2,2-tetrafluoroethane (Refrigerant gas R 124)	0
Chloropicrin and methyl chloride mixture	0
There is sub-surface ice on that planet. 	1
Portable tank special provisions are assigned to certain substances to indicate requirements which are in addition to or in lieu of those provided by the portable tank instructions or the requirements in Chapter 6.6.	0
But the real issue is that we are guided by our limited experience, and until we can think out of the box of our cranium and what we know, then we can't recognize what to look for, or how to plan for it. 	1
TP9 - A substance under this description shall only be transported in a portable tank under an approval granted by the competent authority.	0
Well, this is what we apply to our work. 	1
There is tremendous amounts of hydrogen sulfide coming into this cave from volcanic sources and from the breakdown of evaporite -- minerals below the carbonates in which this cave is formed -- and it is a completely hostile environment for us. 	1
TP16 - The tank shall be fitted with a special device to prevent under-pressure and excess pressure during normal transport conditions.	0
So, it's a very hazardous environment, with CO as well, and many other gases. 	1
Tanks shall be hydraulically tested and internally inspected at intervals not exceeding 2.5 years.	0
This device shall also prevent an unacceptable amount of leakage of liquid in the case of overturning or entry of foreign matter into the tank.	0
This stuff looks like what comes out of your two-year-old's nose when he has a cold. 	1
Measures shall be taken to prevent dangerous electrostatic discharge.	0
Inanimate objects that might spontaneously synchronize themselves. 	1
6.6.2.8.2 Pressure-relief devices shall be designed to prevent the entry of foreign matter, the leakage of liquid and the development of any dangerous excess pressure.	0
We can try this first. If I just put them on the table together, there's no reason for them to synchronize, and they probably won't. 	1
6.6.2.12.1 The spring-loaded pressure-relief device required by 6.6.2.8.1 shall have a minimum cross sectional flow area equivalent to an orifice of 31.75 mm diameter.	0
He said, "That's the vision I want to give to London. 	1
No stop-valve shall be installed between the shell and the pressure-relief devices except where duplicate devices are provided for maintenance or other reasons and the stop-valves serving the devices actually in use are locked open or the stop-valves are interlocked so that at least one of the duplicate devices is always in use.	0
This synchronized movement seemed to be driving the bridge. 	1
6.6.2.17 Portable tank supports, frameworks, lifting and tie-down attachments	0
Just by walking. Interviewer: Well, it's certainly going now. 	1
6.6.2.17.1 Portable tanks shall be designed and constructed with a support structure to provide a secure base during transport.	0
AM: It doesn't have to be a real dangle. Just walk. It starts to go. 	1
Skids, frameworks, cradles or other similar structures are acceptable.	0
They own the laptops. They take them home. 	1
Before the portable tank is placed into service, a leakproofness test and a test of the satisfactory operation of all service equipment shall also be performed.	0
Laptops are a luxury; it's like giving them iPods. No. 	1
6.6.2.20.2 The following information shall be marked either on the portable tank itself or on a metal plate firmly secured to the portable tank:	0
Believe it or not, these guys were actually crossing the road. 	1
Mild steel means a steel with a guaranteed minimum tensile strength of 360 N/mm2 to 440 N/mm2 and a guaranteed minimum elongation at fracture conforming to 6.6.3.3.3.3;	0
And if you see under the word "Clears" -- very small -- it says, "They must go," which refers not only to the rats, but to the Chinese in their midst, because the way that the food was perceived was that these people who ate foods different from us must be different from us. 	1
Design reference temperature means the temperature at which the vapour pressure of the contents is determined for the purpose of calculating the MAWP.	0
It's a pamphlet published by Samuel Gompers, hero of our American labor movement. 	1
When the manufacturing process or the materials make it necessary, the shells shall be suitability heat-treated to guarantee adequate toughness in the weld and in the heat affected zones.	0
In fact, Chinese food is the most pervasive food on the planet, served on all seven continents, even Antarctica, because Monday night is Chinese food night at McMurdo Station, which is the main scientific station in Antarctica. 	1
6.6.3.2.3 Gaskets shall be made of materials compatible with the non-refrigerated liquefied gas(es) intended to be transported.	0
 Even the Brits have their own version. 	1
6.6.3.2.13 Portable tanks intended for the transport of flammable non-refrigerated liquefied gases shall be capable of being electrically earthed.	0
So, OK, maybe it had to do with the patterns on the pieces of paper, like it was a diamond, or diagonal. 	1
6.6.3.3.3.1 The values of Re and Rm to be used shall be the specified minimum values according to national or international material standards.	0
This is a slip one of the winners had, because the Tennessee lottery security officials were like, "Oh, no, this can't be true." 	1
6.6.3.7.2 Pressure-relief devices shall be designed to prevent the entry of foreign matter, the leakage of gas and the development of any dangerous excess pressure.	0
He was really nervous, because his dad had been, you know, beheaded for being the King of England And he was nervous about the fact that conversations that got going in, like, bars and stuff would turn to -- this is kind of -- it's hard to believe, but people in the 17th century in England were starting to talk about, you know, philosophy and stuff in bars. 	1
6.6.3.9.1 Every pressure-relief device shall be plainly and permanently marked with the following:	0
So therefore the church said that you can't make a vacuum, you know. 	1
There shall be no obstruction in an opening leading to a vent or pressure-relief device which might restrict or cut-off the flow from the shell to that device.	0
I know exactly how he did it; I've seen the drawings. 	1
All pressure relief device inlets shall under maximum filling conditions be situated in the vapour space of the shell and the devices shall be so arranged as to ensure that the escaping vapour is discharged unrestrictedly.	0
6.6.3.15.5 The intermediate 2.5 year periodic inspection and test shall at least include an internal and external examination of the portable tank and its fittings with due regard to the non-refrigerated liquefied gases intended to be transported, a leakproofness test and a test of the satisfactory operation of all service equipment.	0
Non-metallic materials may be used for the attachments and supports between the shell and jacket, provided their material properties at the minimum design temperature are proven to be sufficient.	0
But you do it, by -- what I just-- you know, you do experiments, and you write down things sometimes, you make observations, you know. 	1
For welded shells and jackets only materials whose weldability has been fully demonstrated shall be used.	0
And it was -- I was following all the rules. 	1
6.6.4.2.12 Portable tanks and their fastenings under the maximum permissible load shall be capable of absorbing the following separately applied static forces:	0
6.6.4.2.15 Portable tanks intended for the transport of flammable refrigerated liquefied gases shall be capable of being electrically earthed.	0
They made bigger guns to shoot them down with. 	1
6.6.4.3.3 For metals exhibiting a clearly defined yield point or characterized by a guaranteed proof strength (0.2 % proof strength, generally, or 1 % proof strength for austenitic steels) the primary membrane stress σ (sigma) in the shell shall not exceed 0.75 Re or 0.50 Rm, whichever is lower, at the test pressure, where:	0
You want to be rich, you be a businessman. 	1
There shall be no obstruction in an opening leading to a vent or pressure-relief device which might restrict or cut-off the flow from the shell to that device.	0
It's, like, you know, Herbie the Apple II. 	1
All pressure relief device inlets shall under maximum filling conditions be situated in the vapour space of the shell and the devices shall be so arranged as to ensure that the escaping vapour is discharged unrestrictedly.	0
I grew up in a tofu factory in Seattle. 	1
I went to MIT, did my math, but I had this wonderful opportunity, because computers had just become visual. 	1
The certificate shall refer to the prototype test report, the refrigerated liquefied gases allowed to be transported, the materials of construction of the tank and jacket and an approval number.	0
And so, I remember that my first major piece of software was on a direct copy of then-Aldus PageMaker. 	1
6.6.4.14.7 The exceptional inspection and test is necessary when the portable tank shows evidence of damaged or corroded areas, leakage, or any other conditions that indicate a deficiency that could affect the integrity of the portable tank.	0
6.6.4.15.2 The following information shall be durably marked either on the portable tank itself or on a metal plate firmly secured to the portable tank.	0
And after this I wanted to build a computer out of people, called a human-powered computer. 	1
In portable tank instruction T34, add the following new lines:	0
The capital letters used shall be those shown in 6.1.2.6.	0
In fact, I think that most of it has to do with body size -- the size you are when you inherit a vacant ecospace from whatever natural disaster. 	1
And we're coming over a cliff, and at the top of that cliff, dinosaurs had basically taken over. 	1
6.6.4.2.4 Flexible large packagings shall provide adequate resistance to ageing and to degradation caused by ultraviolet radiation or the climatic conditions, or by the substance contained, thereby rendering them appropriate to their intended use.	0
To be able to excavate the 80 tons of dinosaurs that we have in the Sahara and take them out, you really have to put together an expedition team that can handle the conditions. 	1
6.6.4.4 Specific requirements for fibreboard large packagings	0
You transported the bones out yourself to the coast of Africa, onto a boat, if you wanted to get them out of the middle of the Sahara. 	1
Where a detachable pallet is used, its top surface shall be free from sharp protrusions that might damage the large packaging.	0
We prototyped by CAT-scanning the brain out of this animal. 	1
6.6.5.1.3 Tests shall be repeated on production samples at intervals established by the competent authority.	0
Paul Sereno: Let's get this tape measure on him. Put it right there. 	1
For such tests on fibreboard large packagings, preparation at ambient conditions is considered equivalent to the provisions of 6.6.5.2.3.	0
6.6.5.1.4 Tests shall also be repeated after each modification which alters the design, material or manner of construction of large packagings.	0
6.6.5.1.6 Where a large packaging has been successfully tested with different types of inner packagings, a variety of such different inner packagings may also be assembled in this large packaging.	0
Man: Enormous. PS: You've got a ... 14-foot croc. 	1
(i) The inner packagings are of similar design to the tested inner packagings (e.g. shape - round, rectangular, etc);	0
This conditioning may be disregarded if the materials in question are of sufficient ductility and tensile strength at low temperatures.	0
And then work later is going to take us to Tibet. 	1
Test liquids shall be kept in the liquid state by the addition of anti-freeze if necessary.	0
The large packagings shall be raised and lowered twice by a lift truck with the forks centrally positioned and spaced at three quarters of the dimension of the side of entry (unless the points of entry are fixed).	0
They did it within two or three degrees of the pole, to maintain similarity between continents. 	1
6.6.5.3.4.5 Criteria for passing the test	0
But what we're trying to create in Chicago is a way to get, collect together, those students who are least represented in our science and technology spheres. 	1
through the Canadian winter, was not a pleasant experience. 	1
Wallops NASA Flight Facility, United States of America Operator of object launched: National Commission on Space Activities, Argentina	0
If we can get rid of that, then the highways will now be useful to you, as contrasted by what's happening in many parts of the world today. 	1
Note verbale dated 21 March 1997 from the Permanent Mission of the United States of America	0
Unbeknownst to many of you, the highway in the sky that I'm talking about here has been under construction for 10 years. 	1
The best example of this would probably be the Gothic, and the Gothic was invented after the invention of calculus, although the Gothic architects weren't really using calculus to define their forms. 	1
The satellite belongs to the International Mobile Satellite Organization (Inmarsat).	0
Now, the only way we could design that, or possibly construct it, is by using a calculus-based definition of the form. 	1
So the same space that appears to be a kind of closed volume, when seen from the other side becomes a kind of open vista. 	1
They have to, in 2005, have a distinct identity for all their models of cars. 	1
The steel industry is so far ahead of the design industry that if you take advantage of it you can even start to think of beams and columns all rolled together into a single system which is highly efficient, but also produces decorative effects and formal effects that are very beautiful and organic. 	1
Perigee: 42,164 km from the center of the Earth	0
I was in Buenos Aires very recently, and I went to see this bridge by Santiago Calatrava. 	1
The satellite from the Gonets series is designed to operate as part of the new low-orbit satellite communications system being set up under Russia’s Federal Space Programme. Gonets-5	0
I was at the art show in Miami in December, and spent a couple of hours looking at fine art, and amazed at the prices of art and how expensive it is, but having a great time looking at it. 	1
A place like Chicago has really reached kind of a level of international stature. 	1
When he and his sister Martha were just very little, their mom took them out to see a total eclipse -- or actually, a solar eclipse -- and not long after that, both of them started losing their eyesight. 	1
COMMISSION ON INVESTMENT, TECHNOLOGY AND 7 February RELATED FINANCIAL ISSUES, first session (½ day)	0
And one of the most important things about comics, I discovered, was that comics are a visual medium, but they try to embrace all of the senses within it. 	1
5. UNCTAD's contribution to the implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s: Performance, prospects and policy issues	0
Because what you're looking at is, you're looking at comics cubed: you're looking at comics that are more comics-like than they've ever been before. 	1
Item 6 Technical cooperation activities:	0
The fermentation which started at stage three is continuing through all these other stages. Again, developing more flavor. 	1
Part II provides a comprehensive account of recent orientations in UNCTAD secretariat activities on assistance to the Palestinian people.	0
So all these things are determined by the baker, and the bread goes through some stages, and characters develop. 	1
PART II. RECENT ORIENTATIONS IN UNCTAD'S ASSISTANCE TO THE PALESTINIAN PEOPLE 19 — 35	0
The yeast, whose mission it has been up till now to raise the dough, to enliven it, to vivify it, in order to complete its mission, which is also to turn this dough into bread, has to give up its life. 	1
Events on the ground since 1996 have prompted caution on the part of investors and financial institutions, that remain in need of sustained political, legal and institutional stability.	0
And to talk about that, I'm going to go back to the beginning, because in the beginning were commodities. 	1
The international dimension of the Palestinian development effort is also exhibited in the high profile multilateral aid programme administered by the World Bank, in coordination with the United Nations, and in close consultation with the Palestinian Authority.	0
But over the past 10 or 20 years, what's happened is that services are being commoditized as well. 	1
These include weak domestic employment capacity, uneven sectoral growth, weak intersectoral articulation, severe marketing bottlenecks, poorly coordinated and fragmented new investments in both public and private ventures and structural imbalances among macroeconomic aggregates.	0
So we're shifting to an experience economy, where experiences are becoming the predominant economic offering. 	1
And the question isn't really so much a question as an accusation. 	1
Thus the need for vigorous attention to developing the regulatory and institutional framework governing the economy and the mobilization of financial resources.	0
And there's no such thing as a 100 percent natural experience. 	1
Parallel with this, and in a move to coordinate efforts with other organizations, the secretariat established contacts with the United Nations Special Coordinator in the Occupied Territories (UNSCO), bringing to his attention the Programme and areas in which the secretariat had commenced work.	0
These proposals have been endorsed by the concerned Ministries of the PA, and submitted in July 1997 to UNSCO and the PA for inclusion in the “Palestinian Development Plan, 1998-2000 (PDP)” to be presented by the PA to the forthcoming meeting of the CG, for which the World Bank serves as a secretariat and at which the United Nations is represented by UNSCO.	0
You can think about those two -- you know, both of these better than being fake fake -- not quite as good as being real real. 	1
The PA Ministry of Economy and Trade is currently seeking funding for this project, in consultation with the UNCTAD secretariat.	0
When it comes to being what you say you are, the easiest mistake that companies make is that they advertise things that they are not. 	1
These included the activation of the Road Accident Victim's Compensation Fund, establishment of a control mechanism to ensure compliance as regards premiums and compensations, adherence to standard and periodicity of reporting by insurers, strict application of licensing requirements including tests of competence and training needs, consolidation of insurance laws and regulations, and developing the technical capabilities of officials involved in the formulation of insurance policy and determination of premiums and their allocation.	0
Then you have that perception that you are phony. 	1
Both revenue and allocation considerations in the economy prompted the PA to solicit assistance from different sources, including UNCTAD, in designing and developing an appropriate and effective system of customs administration.	0
And then for the consumers, for everyone else in the audience, let me simply summarize it by saying, increasingly, what we -- what will make us happy, is spending our time and our money satisfying the desire for authenticity. 	1
The PA Ministry of Economy and Trade is currently seeking funding for this project, in consultation with the UNCTAD secretariat.	0
That's because it is hard for most people to recognize seriousness, which is rare, but more comfortable to endorse solemnity, which is commonplace. 	1
You sort of leap up very quickly in your youth. 	1
We began doing these big silkscreen prints, and they started selling, too. 	1
28. Recent experience shows that reducing the balance of payments constraint is a necessary but not always sufficient condition for promoting capital accumulation and exports.	0
Till a couple months later, I went back to the same airport -- same plane, I think -- and looked up, and it said C. 	1
In the African context, two policy reform areas have gained increased acceptance in recent years - trade and exchange rate policies, and agricultural price reforms.	0
 I'm a big believer in the emotion of design, and the message that's sent before somebody begins to read, before they get the rest of the information; what is the emotional response they get to the product, to the story, to the painting -- whatever it is. 	1
That area of design interests me the most, and I think this for me is a real clear, very simplified version of what I'm talking about. 	1
■ A comparison of producer and border prices for cocoa, coffee, cotton, tea and tobacco indicates that, except in Côte d'Ivoire, private traders rather than producers have captured the benefits of liberalization (table 6).	0
So, I understand their logic. I totally disagree with it; I think it's a very small-minded approach, the world is certainly much more global, and I certainly think the people of Germany could have handled a little black girl sitting in front of a computer, though we'll never know. 	1
There's no grid, there's no system, there's nothing set up in advance. 	1
Increased competitiveness can best be achieved through improvements in productivity brought about by higher investment in physical and human infrastructure.	0
Progressive development of the law of international trade:	0
People never want to say, I really don't understand. 	1
thirtieth annual report of the United Nations Commission	0
“A Partnership for Growth and Development”	0
Look at this screen here and, you know, you see pictures and you see words, but really all there are are ones and zeros. 	1
V. Action by the Commission and proceedings of the closing plenary 48 - 53	0
When you're seeing these pictures, it's all ones and zeros, and when you're talking on your telephone, your cell phone, and it's going over the network, your voice is all being turned into ones and zeros and magically whizzed around. 	1
Several Asian countries already had such a policy in place.	0
We are now not just reading genomes; we are writing them. 	1
This was relevant in the context of licensing agreement arrangements, including in connection with FDI.	0
Very simple -- only has about 246 genes -- but we were able to completely synthesize that genome. 	1
They're not grown from seeds; they're grafted into root stock; they would not exist in nature on their own. 	1
He added that in an effort to connect the countries of South Asia with those of ASEAN, an economic bloc (BIMSTEC) had recently been created, involving India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and two South-East Asian countries, namely Thailand and Myanmar.	0
You want a little more raspberry, a little more chocolate here or there? 	1
In the opinion of the European Union, those concerns were part of UNCTAD’s mandate, and UNCTAD should continue its analysis of, and technical assistance for, investment and competition from the development angle. This would	0
And, again, this is, sort of, my notion of shit-against-the-wall pharmacology: you know certain fertilizers make the plant more healthy so you put more in. 	1
“Report of the Expert Meeting on Existing Agreements on Investment and their Development Dimensions” (TD/B/COM.2/5-TD/B/COM.2/EM.1/3)	0
If the discussion could help to throw some light on this critical question, it would show that UNCTAD was indeed a forum in which all countries could freely explore policy issues and build consensus in an area of critical importance for international economic relations.	0
So, what's happening today is, Nature is presenting us with a toolbox, and we find that this toolbox is very extensive. 	1
Nature has put a set of rules out there. 	1
Indeed, discussions on foreign investment were gradually becoming one of the most important systemic issues in the world economy, with strong linkages to the current debate on the liberalization of financial markets and the issues these raised.	0
So, carbon dioxide -- the stuff we want to get rid of -- not sugar, not anything. 	1
He assured participants of his delegation's full and continued support for the work of the Commission and, in particular, for the idea of training courses for negotiators of international investment agreements, to be organized by UNCTAD in cooperation with other international organizations and with Governments.	0
Furthermore, he endorsed the view that investment rules should encourage FDI flows to developing countries, and shared the concern that biased, restrictive provisions would be an obstacle to those flows.	0
We know that people often change their behavior when they can see and understand the impact of their actions. 	1
He saw a major role for international investment agreements in creating stability and predictability, and agreed that there was no real contradiction between investor protection and development objectives.	0
As a small example, many of us have experienced the change in driving behavior that comes from having a real time display of mileage showing precisely how one's driving habits affect the vehicle's efficiency. 	1
For example, effective protection as regards expropriation was a necessary element consistent with any development objective.	0
That genome data can now be found on open-access genetic data banks around the world, and it's an enormous boon to researchers trying to come up with treatments. 	1
It had signed some 20 bilateral investment treaties and was party to an increasing number of regional agreements dealing with investment.	0
In the developing world, mobile phones have become economic drivers. 	1
“Agreed conclusions of the Expert Meeting on Investment Promotion and Development Objectives” (TD/B/COM.2/EM.2/L.1)	0
Now, many of the people who participate in Earth Witness would focus on ecological problems, human-caused or otherwise, especially environmental crimes and significant sources of greenhouse gases and emissions. 	1
established quick response window for technical cooperation projects.	0
At the other end of the network, there'd be a server for people to send photos and messages to, accessible over the Web, combining a photo-sharing service, social networking platforms and a collaborative filtering system. 	1
44. The representative of the UNCTAD secretariat said that due note had been taken of the various suggestions relating to UNCTAD’s work, both analytical work and technical cooperation.	0
We can save the planet, but we can't do it alone -- we need each other. 	1
So, I want to start out with this beautiful picture from my childhood. 	1
(iii) Competition law and policy (Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Restrictive Business Practices);1/	0
Because SETI doesn't want to hear this. 	1
Mr. Terry Noade (United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland)	0
2. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work	0
And very soon after, the fossil record started yielding a very good idea of how many plants and animals there have been since complex life really began to leave a very interesting fossil record. 	1
1. The Commission underlines the increasing importance of FDI in the world economy and its crucial role in developing countries and economies in transition with respect to capital formation, acquisition of technology and skills, organizational and managerial practices, and access to markets.	0
The Commission also recommends that the secretariat explore ways of disseminating this information in the form of fact sheets on the Internet in order to make it widely available to potential investors.	0
And when the comet hits, the pressure produces the buckyballs, and it captures bits of the comet. 	1
The Commission notes the importance of regional seminars and symposia and recommends that these should continue.	0
Fifty-five species of mammal-like reptiles. 	1
3. With regard to the different criteria for determining the development friendliness of international agreements, it was considered useful for the secretariat to prepare a catalogue of the criteria suggested and make it available to interested delegations.	0
And we think this is the reason that complexity took so long to take place on planet Earth. 	1
Former President, Chilean Antitrust Commission	0
This is a Great White Shark that ate some of my traps. 	1
On the top, now, that is a temperature record of a mouse who has gone through -- the dotted line, the temperatures. 	1
If you have appendicitis, they take your appendix out, and you're cured. 	1
In these economies, successful upgrading has recently allowed a more liberal approach to FDI, in line with their higher levels of industrialization and the emergence of their own TNCs.	0
Now, when I played it for you, you didn't hear the thunderous bass. 	1
Creation of a strong bureaucracy based on the principles of meritocracy, continuity and insulation from day-to-day political pressures played a major role in establishing an effective government-business network needed to ensure reciprocity.	0
Hypersonic sound is exactly the opposite: it's 100 percent based on non-linearity. 	1
What can be said is that rapid import liberalization will have difficulty in enhancing productivity and promoting competitiveness when the industrial structure is weak.	0
We put it on a turret with a camera, so that when they shoot at you, you're over there, and it's there. 	1
∙ Competition laws - how should existing regulations on competition be amended to take account of the advent of electronic commerce?	0
And I'd never competed on a disabled level, you know -- I'd always competed against other able-bodied athletes. 	1
For instance, electronic presence is much easier to obtain than physical presence on any given market or territory: how does this simple fact affect the current notions of contestability of national markets?	0
∙ Intellectual property - how should intellectual property rights (IPRs) be reconsidered in the light of the possibility of transferring and selling instantaneously massive amounts of information and data practically anywhere in the world?	0
In fact, I'd never even met another amputee until I was 17. 	1
40. The issue of setting up a global framework for electronic commerce is of specific importance to the players with relatively low levels of information infrastructure, such as the LDCs and the African continent in general.	0
II. Agreed conclusions on services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency assessment	0
Then I'm looking: the next lane, lane two, is 12.8. 	1
III. Chairman's summary of informal discussions under agenda items 3 and 4	0
Lane three is 12.5. Lane four is 12.2. I said, "What's going on?" 	1
11. The document analysed the new dynamics of enterprise development and competition, stressing the importance of technological capability—building and innovation in sustaining competitiveness and emphasizing the diversity among firms and national systems.	0
I'm like, "Get it off! Don't worry about it, you know. 	1
14. In its work on enterprise development strategy, UNCTAD was seeking closer cooperation with other United Nations bodies, notably with UNIDO, ITC, ILO and the United Nations regional commissions.	0
I don't know how good you can see it, but, like, it really is. 	1
31. The representative of Turkey said that enterprises, especially small and medium-sized ones, should be supported, as they played a primary role in employment creation, manufacturing and export development.	0
32. The representative of Cuba said that his delegation shared the general views expressed in document TD/B/COM.3/2.	0
They didn't even want to touch that one. They just did it. 	1
Globalization should not lead to interference in internal affairs, nor should it entail the adoption of coercive measures or the imposition of models of economic development that could adversely affect economic and social conditions in developing countries.	0
And, likewise, we infected them with parainfluenza-3 -- that's a paramyxovirus -- and you see a little barcode here. 	1
These needed to be addressed, and his country was prepared to cooperate with UNCTAD to seek solutions to them.	0
They both have rhinoviruses; we've never seen this pattern in lab. 	1
The objectives of the Trade Point were to serve as a facilitation centre for international trade, a source of trade information and a centre for help and advice.	0
Everything that we could get out of GenBank -- that is, the national repository of sequences. 	1
61. The representative of China said that access to and the use of information technologies were crucial for Chinese enterprises, and the trade efficiency programme provided a framework for mastering such technology.	0
The globalization of trade would mean ever-increasing demand for efficient and cost-effective transport systems and freight services.	0
A normal lung is all sort of dark and black here. 	1
Chairperson: Mr. Manuel Dengo (Costa Rica)	0
And the first gene that was mapped in association studies for this, early-onset prostate cancer, was this gene called RNASEL. 	1
It further considers that the trade competitiveness of smaller firms in these countries is of central importance to their more active participation in international trade.	0
There are four girls a little bit older than me. 	1
5. The Commission considers that the work of the UNCTAD secretariat in the areas identified under item 4 of the agenda of its first session (namely customs, transport, banking and insurance, business practices/trade facilitation, business information, telecommunications; transit, human resources development, legal issues) should be pursued in an integrated fashion, so as to maximize the synergies and economies of scale which may be identified between these areas.	0
We had a television for a few years, but of course we wasted so much time and the work wasn't getting done, so out went the television. 	1
(ii) Telecommunications, business facilitation and trade efficiency: 15-17 September 1997; the focus of the meeting should be to assess the practical trade and development implications of the Global Information Infrastructure (GII), including its applications for the Global Trade Point Network (GTPNet).	0
with that style and I quickly started doing my own thing, and then I met Natalie, and I was exposed to the great Cape Breton fiddling. 	1
It requests the secretariat to produce an interim report on this issue in time for consideration by the Commission at its second session.	0
and you'll find out why pretty soon here, but I couldn't believe the fiddling and Mom was there with me, and she was saying — Donnell's mother came up on stage and danced with her children, and Mom was saying, "That's Julie MacDonnell, I used to dance with her when we were kids. Little did I think our children would be playing instruments, you know, playing music, yeah." 	1
Those Governments which had succeeded had adopted clear strategies of economic development, including creating conditions and adopting supportive policies for the creation, growth and development of enterprises.	0
I'll quickly play a short part of the air, and then I'm going to get into kind of a crazy tune that is very difficult to play when you're not warmed up, so, if I mess it up, pretend you like it anyway. It's called The Banks. 	1
On finance, the issues related, among other things, to measures not only to mobilize resources but also to channel them to SMEs.	0
It was not true to say that “entrepreneurs are born”; training in entrepreneurial skills was also important.	0
And my first year at Caltech, I continued the business. 	1
Such linkages had helped to expand not only domestic business turnover, but export revenues as well.	0
Then, when I graduated from Caltech, the IBM P.C. came out, and I got addicted to the IBM P.C. in 1981. 	1
Subsequently, however, it was expected to charge market rates for its follow-up services after its successful track record had become better known.	0
It's been 25 years since I was doing this, let me go back and look at what's been happening with solar cells. 	1
B. Services infrastructure for development and trade efficiency assessment (agenda item 4)	0
UNCTAD was well placed to work with WTO in response to the Singapore Declaration, and concrete cooperation was under way.	0
So we tried to come up with a way of making a non-tracking collector, a collector that would gather much more than one degree of light, with no moving parts. 	1
For some developing countries (i.e. land-locked countries and small islands), it could represent as much as one-third of cif prices.	0
We looked at a way to break up a parabola into individual petals that would track. 	1
29. Attention was drawn to the importance of Trade Points respecting the principle of fair competition, both domestically and internationally, when giving information on the suppliers of a given financial service.	0
But after the Stirling engine, Otto came along, and also, he didn't invent the internal combustion engine, he just refined it. 	1
The first step in this direction had already been taken by Trade Points in the western hemisphere, where a regional federation had been created in November 1996.	0
Put a flame under it, the piston moves up. 	1
Please rest assured that, on our side, we shall not spare our efforts to do so.	0
Not to mention the 200 horses that are probably running right now to keep the airconditioning going. 	1
And Warren Buffet had recommended I do that -- being honest about what was going well, what wasn't, and making it kind of an annual thing. 	1
That is, the market does not drive the scientists, the communicators, the thinkers, the governments to do the right things. 	1
Well, all of us here, I'll bet, had some great teachers. 	1
And those top 20 percent have been the best in the world, if you measure them against the other top 20 percent. 	1
Now, the strength for those top 20 percent is starting to fade on a relative basis, but even more concerning is the education that the balance of people are getting. 	1
Not only has that been weak. it's getting weaker. 	1
And that had been covered up for a long time because they always took the dropout rate as the number who started in senior year and compared it to the number who finished senior year. 	1
But most of the dropouts had taken place before that. 	1
So, it's simple. All you need are those top quartile teachers. 	1
2. During the session, two plenary meetings and eight informal meetings of the sessional group of the whole were held.	0
The second is giving extra money to people who get their master's degree. 	1
As a result of these structural changes, this would be the last session of the Group to be held in UNCTAD.	0
And in fact, these free courses could not only be available just on the Internet, but you could make it so that DVDs were always available, and so anybody who has access to a DVD player can have the very best teachers. 	1
Concerning subparagraph (d), this delegation felt that, in keeping with the compromise in relation to the MLM Convention, a vessel should not be arrested for claims which arose out of the damage in connection with the carriage of oil or other hazardous or noxious substances for which compensation was payable to the claimants pursuant to international conventions or national law providing for strict liability and compulsory insurance.	0
15. It was agreed that the comments made by delegations would be reflected in the report of the Group and the paper of the Informal Working Group would be attached to the report.	0
But, reliable Dutchman" --  -- "Fantastic!" 	1
Sometimes, in the middle of a resistant problem, I write down things that I know about it. 	1
The W was clearly a W, the N was clearly an N, even though they were very fragmentary and there wasn't a lot of information in it. 	1
41. Some delegations noted that, while a similar proposal had been adopted by the Group in paragraph 1, a distinction should be made in relation to paragraph 5, which covered a different situation.	0
One is the sort of willingness to expose myself to a critical audience, and not to suggest that I am confident about what I'm doing. 	1
49. The Group was unable to adopt the proposal made by France.	0
There were 10 artists invited to participate in it, and it was one of those things where it was extremely competitive and I didn't want to be embarrassed, so I worked very hard on this. 	1
(e) [as (d) in alternative 3 in JIGE(IX)/2, page 13];	0
The phrase 'Art is whatever' expresses the current inclusiveness that surrounds art-making -- a sort of 'it ain't what you do, it's the way that you do it' notion. 	1
This is the job description of a hospital janitor that is scrolling up on the screen. 	1
Wisdom depends on experience, and not just any experience. 	1
69. This proposal was supported by several delegations on the grounds that the limitation amount applicable in determining the security would, very often, exceed the value of the ship.	0
71. The Group decided that the expressions “not exceeding the value of the ship” should be included within square brackets.	0
72. No comments were made in respect of this paragraph.	0
75. Other delegations, while accepting that the wording was defective, were of the opinion that the proviso was needed in order to address any possible case where decisions taken within the jurisdiction of a non-party could affect the implementation by a State party of the basic provisions of the convention regarding the release of security.	0
If the nature and the amount of the security were agreed by the parties involved, such an agreement should be respected and could not be cancelled unilaterally.	0
Fix the incentives, fix the incentives, fix the incentives ... 	1
One delegation pointed out that the translation of the terms “claim”, “claimant” and “maritime claim” into Arabic should be reviewed.	0
There was going to be a national referendum. 	1
And they said, "Would you be willing to have a nuclear waste dump in your community?" 	1
108. The observer for the CMI said the purpose of the provision was to provide freedom to maritime authorities wishing to detain or prevent ships from sailing within their jurisdiction for safety reasons.	0
109. Some delegations supported the retention of the paragraph as presently drafted.	0
(r) any commissions, brokerages or agency fees payable in respect of the ship by or on behalf of the shipowner or demise charterer; 7/ Comments by the Chinese and Greek delegations on Article 1 (r): The two delegations are of the opinion that the provisions of Article 1 (r) are very vague and may lead to situations where a vessel can be arrested for a very small amount of money.	0
And there are a few things that we have to remember as teachers. 	1
(u) a registered mortgage or a registered “hypothèque” or a registrable charge of the same nature on the ship;	0
That is that they have come to the realization that the single most important thing kids need to learn is character. 	1
3. The following intergovernmental organizations were represented at the session:	0
I think people want to be allowed to be virtuous. 	1
IV. Action by the Commission and proceedings of the closing plenary 64 — 84	0
But anyway, let's start with the economy. 	1
In this regard, she emphasized on the one hand the growing importance of transnational corporations in the world economy and the increasingly inextricable interlinkages between investment and trade that arose out of TNCs’ global networks, and on the other the highly uneven distribution of FDI and the marginalization of the LDCs, especially in Africa, in this regard.	0
And we thought we were going to be able to lay these debts off on our kids, but, guess what? 	1
Developing countries should focus on building attractiveness at home by such means as, for example, strengthening the local enterprise sector and the skill endowment of the workforce.	0
And the problem with this stuff is, now that the bill's come due, it turns out Santa isn't quite as cute when it's summertime. 	1
This guy runs the China Investment Corporation. 	1
In this regard, the Commission should promote further understanding of these issues.	0
And the reason we have to do that in the short term is because we have just run out of cash. 	1
The European Union favoured early progress towards a multilateral FDI instrument to be negotiated in WTO.	0
And if we don't start changing this trend line, we are going to lose the dollar and start to look like Iceland. 	1
He outlined China's reforms aimed at creating an enabling environment for foreign direct investment and pointed to the positive contributions that foreign investment had made to the economic growth of China in recent years.	0
She also provided a brief overview of the legal framework for investment in the country.	0
In addition, the interrelationship between FDI and development was not always positive and the effects of FDI on development, including the negative effects, needed to be studied further.	0
And that was very cool stuff back then. 	1
But, in 10 or 15 machine generations they will, and these are machine generations, not human generations. 	1
With respect to efforts aimed at protecting competition at the level of external trade, he drew attention to Mexico’s important anti-dumping procedures.	0
This is a group in Germany that's beginning to engineer eyes so that people who are blind can begin to see light and dark. 	1
55. The Director of the Division on Investment, Technology and Enterprise Development replied that there were projects and/or workshops in Azerbaijan, China, the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan, and a workshop was planned for Bangladesh.	0
Two months ago, I remembered that promise I made, when a distinguished English critic published an article in the London Times, asking who could be the winner of the Orchestra World Cup. 	1
65. The representative of Bangladesh said that his delegation had held informal consultations with a number of LDC delegations present in Geneva in connection with the Commission’s conclusions.	0
He was the conductor of the Gothenburg Symphony Orchestra, for young musicians in Latin America and the world. 	1
The need for FDI was universal, and an in-depth study of this vital subject by UNCTAD could benefit LDCs as much as other economic entities.	0
The music becomes a source for developing the dimensions of the human being, thus elevating the spirit and leading man to a full development of his personality. 	1
C. Adoption of the agenda and organization of work	0
They're so simple to drive that even a scientist can do it. 	1
6. Provisional agenda for the third session of the Commission	0
Excess carbon dioxide is not only driving global warming, it's also changing ocean chemistry, making the sea more acidic. 	1
That's bad news for coral reefs and oxygen-producing plankton. 	1
To cope with climate change, we need new ways to generate power. 	1
Well, SETI uses the tools of astronomy to try and find evidence of someone else's technology out there. 	1
IV. Provisional agenda for the second session of the Commission	0
And a signal would give us a glimpse of their past, not their present. 	1
Another set of results could be evaluated by analysing the economic and trade situations of developing countries, so as to assess the possible linkage between trade liberalization and the growth of their economies and their share in international trade.	0
These conclusions should also serve as signposts for action by the UNCTAD secretariat to help member States participate effectively in the multilateral trading system.	0
It's making silicon as important as aluminum, and we'll grow it in the future by adding more antennas to reach 350 for more sensitivity and leveraging Moore's law for more processing capability. 	1
So, I look forward to working with the TED community to hear about your ideas about how to fulfill this wish, and in collaborating with you, hasten the day that that visionary statement can become a reality. 	1
Regarding other aspects of the Commission's work programme, he mentioned the need to use UNCTAD's analytical potential for evaluating country- and sector-specific real economic effects of the Uruguay Round implementation.	0
but I was getting younger than everybody else? 	1
Other matters of interest to his delegation included: the process of implementation of the WTO Agreements in other countries, including new legislation; and new trading opportunities in goods and services.	0
Of particular concern were the trade embargo that the United States had maintained against Cuba over the past 35 years and the new Helms-Burton law, which had been rejected by the international community because it violated international trade principles.	0
Many of you, maybe you've seen it or you've heard of the story, but what you might not know is that for nearly the first hour of the film, the main character, Benjamin Button, who's played by Brad Pitt, is completely computer-generated from the neck up. 	1
23. He suggested that the Commission could focus its future work on the following topics: the need to ensure a clear, stable and predictable economic and financial environment, which would favour foreign direct investment and the growth of international trade; the recognition of the importance of developing-country integration into the global economy, including international trade; the need for all countries to comply with the obligations undertaken in the Uruguay Round; the avoidance of the setting-up of new trade-restrictive measures by developed countries; the importance of reconfirming the need for special and differential treatment for developing countries; improved market access conditions for goods and services of export interest to developing countries; the establishment of measures which would help developing countries to increase their supply capability, their competitiveness, and their access to foreign financing; support to developing countries in the development of appropriate national policies to promote and attract foreign investments and assistance to enable them to better understand and benefit from the results of the Uruguay Round; and finally, increasing technical assistance activities in the area of commodities, including risk management, and contributing to the establishment of a fair international environment for commodities-exporting countries, which would guarantee equitable prices for both producers and consumers, increase productivity and encourage diversification.	0
Now, there's no use of prosthetic makeup or photography of Brad superimposed over another actor's body. 	1
He observed that the EU was providing 60 per cent of the LDCs' preferential export markets.	0
We took a lot of meetings and we seriously considered it. 	1
The business community and the civil society must also be involved in designing and effectively implementing “positive measures” for sustainable development, including access to and diffusion of environmentally sound technologies, and the promotion of trade in environmentally friendly products.	0
And in here, you can see, that's a computer-generated head -- pretty good -- attached to the body of an actor. 	1
Moreover, poverty was a determining factor in environmental degradation, especially in the least developed countries.	0
And as you can see, it gives you a pretty crappy performance. 	1
45. The spokeswoman for the Asian Group and China (Philippines) echoed the call made in Midrand (para. 91 (iv)) that the policy debate of the Commission should focus on the examination of trade and environment issues from a development perspective.	0
South Africa also appreciated the initiative by UNCTAD, in cooperation with UNEP, to look at developing-country experiences with the Montreal Protocol, the Basel Convention and CITES.	0
And we also brought in a gentleman named Kazu Tsuji, and Kazu Tsuji is one of the great photorealist sculptors of our time. 	1
54. Accordingly, and in keeping with the commitment made at UNCTAD IX to search continually for new and innovative ways to help the development debate keep pace with international priorities, South Africa wished to urge UNCTAD to seriously consider further examination of innovative “positive measures” under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) to promote the goals of sustainable development.	0
So, in fact, anatomically, it is correct. 	1
In the LDCs they were usually micro-scale enterprises using indigenous technology and human labour.	0
It would therefore be legitimate to argue that micro-enterprises in LDC economies be cleared of their undeserved share of blame in this global pollution chain.	0
We shot him with four HD cameras so we'd get multiple views of him and then David would choose the take of Brad being Benjamin that he thought best matched the footage with the rest of the cast. 	1
Accordingly, the agenda for the first session of the Commission was as follows: 1. Election of officers	0
7. Adoption of the report of the Commission.	0
There were no animators necessary to come in and interpret behavior or enhance his performance. 	1
It doesn't recognize an ironic smile, or a happy smile, or a frustrated smile. 	1
(a) consider opportunities for vertical diversification in the food processing sector in developing countries, bearing in mind successful experiences, and make action-oriented recommendations;	0
Plastic is not purified by the re-melting process like glass and metal. 	1
In spite of the difficulty involved in conducting an exhaustive assessment of the impact of the application of the Uruguay round agreements only two years after the conclusion of the Marrakesh Agreements, the Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities has striven, on the basis of document TD/B/COM.1/2, to identify the main lines of action open to UNCTAD in this area, in accordance with the mandate entrusted to the Commission at the ninth session of the Conference.	0
The retainer rings for the caps also have consequences for aquatic animals. 	1
4. Many delegations drew attention in their statements to the environmental and development benefits likely to derive from trade liberalization.	0
The throwaway society cannot be contained -- it has gone global. 	1
8. Adoption of the report of the Commission to the Trade and Development Board.	0
If you look at this diagram of a coral reef, we know a lot about that part up near the top, and the reason we know so much about it is scuba divers can very easily go down there and access it. 	1
But, if we want to go deeper, of course, we need another gas supply. 	1
Now, normally you don't have to do that because all of it's done automatically for you with the electronics, the third system of a rebreather. 	1
I think we have their attention.  Richard Pyle: When you start talking like Donald Duck, there's no situation in the world that can seem tense. 	1
3. Opening the Meeting on behalf of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD, the Officer-in-Charge of the Office of the Special Coordinator for LDCs stated that the Secretary-General of the United Nations, Mr. Kofi Annan, had sent a message which, inter alia, emphasized his keen interest in the progress towards further, improvements in the relationships between land-locked and transit developing countries and the role of the United Nations therein (see full text of the message in Annex II).	0
There's a cover story all about the great explorers of our time. 	1
AND PROPOSALS FOR FUTURE ACTION (Agenda item 3)	0
This one was taken at the exact moment I was down there filming those sharks. 	1
3. Review of the progress in the development of transit systems and proposals for future action	0
I started to realize that I could look at the whole city as a living organism. 	1
There is a fundamental change under way in the orientation of both land-locked and transit countries, as well as in the donor community, in addressing the transit problem.	0
But I took a liking to them because they dwell on the fringes of society. 	1
I was really frightened at first, but I calmly explained to him that I was working on an art project and he didn't seem to mind and so I went ahead and put my camera on self-timer and ran back and forth. 	1
D. Future orientation of international support measures	0
This is underneath my alma mater, Columbia University. 	1
16. The support provided by the donor community in recent years has significantly helped to address acute transit transport constraints, particularly with regard to transit transport infrastructure.	0
during the development of the Manhattan Project. 	1
A. Review of the progress in the development of transit systems in the land-locked and	0
But whenever I get a chance I still work on my series. 	1
The recent activities of UNCTAD on behalf of land-locked developing countries in this regard are highlighted in section II of this report.	0
Now, the fundamental idea is that Twitter lets people share moments of their lives whenever they want, be they momentous occasions or mundane ones. 	1
These studies elaborated the programmes that have been underway to rehabilitate and maintain transit infrastructure and to improve the management practices and operations.	0
At this event, dozens of people here are Twittering and thousands of people around the world are following along because they want to know what it feels like to be here and what's happening. 	1
The Meeting discussed the recent developments which had taken place in the subregion in the light of the Global Framework for Transit Transport Cooperation between Land-locked and Transit Developing Countries and the Donor Community which had been adopted at the second meeting of intergovernmental experts.TD/B/LDC/AC.1/6.	0
One of the many ways that users shaped the evolution of Twitter was by inventing a way to reply to a specific person or a specific message. 	1
These include the further development of missing links in the transit transport infrastructure network, the maintenance of existing facilities, the removal of non-physical barriers such as cumbersome transit procedures and regulations, which still constitute a serious constraint on some of the transit corridors, the strengthening of mechanisms to effectively implement subregional transit agreements, the continued liberalization of transit services and greater involvement of the private sector in transit transport operations.	0
And they tapped into the fact that, if you have millions of people around the world talking about what they're doing and what's around them, you have an incredible resource to find out about any topic or event while it's going on. 	1
. RailTracker: By far more effort and resources have gone into the development and implementation of the railway module of ACIS, at the request of users.	0
I don't think there's any other way of getting instant feedback that way. 	1
Comprehensive data is now available on-line for traffic and other managers.	0
The Central Asian external and transit transport initiative, as elaborated in projects: KAZ/97/019; KYR/96/009/ TAJ/96/004/; TUK/96/007 and UZB/96/011 was launched in April 1995.	0
The basic idea of humanism is the improvable quality of life; that we can do good things, that there are things worth doing because they're good things to do, and that clear-eyed empiricism can help us figure out how to do them. 	1
The Meeting believed that UNCTAD should, in cooperation with all other interested parties, work towards developing a transit module, in the context of ASYCUDA and ACIS.	0
They visit an average of one and a half times a day, spend an average of 35 minutes a visit, and look at 50 pages a visit. 	1
It should be open to similar computerized systems and, to the extent permitted by national laws, it should permit relevant access by trade and transport operators.	0
We launched two titles in October -- "Rockett's New School" -- the first of a series of products -- is about a character called Rockett beginning her first day of school in eighth grade at a brand new place, with a blank slate, which allows girls to play with the question of, "What will I be like when I'm older?" 	1
Ninety-six percent of them, roughly, have been positive; four percent of them have been "other." 	1
It was generally emphasized that the existing bilateral and subregional transit agreements needed to be refined and reviewed to take into account the recent developments in the transit system such as the expansion of existing facilities, the establishment of inland container terminals (dry ports) and the use of new transit routes by rail, road and inland waterways.	0
Although the implementation of these agreements and arrangements varies, the commitment of most transit countries in general to improve transit services is unquestionable.	0
The IMF has been heavily involved in supporting several land-locked countries by providing to their financial institutions technical assistance, enhanced structural adjustment facilities, stand-by arrangements, compensatory and contingency financing facilities, and training assistance.	0
There is a clear commitment of the former countries to promote programmes in most of land-locked countries which are designed to improve transit transport infrastructures and services.	0
And you can see how we've tried to incorporate the issues that matter to them in the game that we've created. 	1
WORKING PARTY ON THE MEDIUM-TERM PLAN 8 December AND THE PROGRAMME BUDGET, thirtieth session (second part) (Technical cooperation)	0
After this awful event occurs, Rocket gets to decide how she feels about it. 	1
COMMISSION ON ENTERPRISE, BUSINESS FACILITATION 23-27 November AND DEVELOPMENT, third session	0
and of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD to 20 meetings	0
On the other hand, the private sector - and transnational corporations in particular - had established their own standards regarding trade, investment and transfer of technology.	0
So basically the whole process of destruction had gone a bit slower than what is happening now with the oil palm. 	1
It was quite simple. If you'll look at the steps: we bought the land, we dealt with the fire, and then only, we started doing the reforestation by combining agriculture with forestry. 	1
Second, he asked how the secretariat had come to the conclusion that “shock therapy” should be resisted.	0
However, present market access barriers should be addressed, including those limiting the movement of natural persons, which could be an important mode of supply in export transactions for developing countries.	0
We actually have it already with Google Earth. 	1
The situation was intolerable and unacceptable.	0
And look, there's now 11.2 percent more clouds -- already, after three years. 	1
The information technology revolution, including the Internet, should be used to expand and exploit trading opportunities.	0
And it's nice to have the science, but it still depends mostly upon the people, on your education. 	1
27. The spokesman for the least developed countries (Bangladesh) said that agenda items 3 and 4 had a direct relevance to the outcome of the High-Level Meeting on Integrated Initiatives for Least Developed Countries’ Trade Development, held in Geneva last October under the auspices of the WTO.	0
We have this road going around the area, which brings the people electricity and water from our own area. 	1
3. Expert Meeting on Trade and Investment Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, Particularly the ISO 14000 Series, on Developing Countries;	0
But I'd like to describe to you a more subtle kind of diversity and tell you about the ants. 	1
38. The representative of Luxembourg, speaking on behalf of the European Union, said that the European Union was pleased with the conclusions adopted by the Commission.	0
So we may be the only family that has an ant named after each one of us. 	1
These plants occur in great diversity, over 28,000 species around the world. 	1
(iii) Clustering of enterprises and free trade zones could help in promoting diversification by increasing forward and backward linkages and lowering transaction costs.	0
We've had dance people up in the canopy. 	1
They made a fabulous dance called "Biome." 	1
(iii) The most economically advanced developing countries should consider providing trade preferences to LDCs.	0
 They were incredibly enthusiastic about the work. 	1
(ii) UNCTAD should organize, in the framework of its technical assistance programmes, training seminars and workshops to assist developing countries and countries in transition to build their capacity in techniques and ways of assessing their national interests in preparation for trade negotiations, with a view to (a) identifying domestic as well as external barriers to trade in goods and services of particular export interest to these countries; and (b) evaluating the extent of liberalization that they may offer.	0
We gave talks once a month, and that actually ended up implementing some amazing sustainability projects at the prisons -- organic gardens, worm culture, recycling, water catchment and beekeeping.  Our latest endeavor, with a grant from the Department of Corrections at Washington state, they've asked us to expand this program to three more prisons. 	1
UNCTAD should study the effects on the trade and development efforts of developing countries in the tourism sector, the measures to offset any adverse effects, and ways and means to expedite their recovery.	0
I'm trying to help researchers move more outward to have their own partnerships with people outside of the academic community. 	1
The Commission decided, in accordance with "A Partnership for Growth and Development", to convene in 1998 three expert meetings on the following topics:	0
Given the duress that we're feeling environmentally in these times, it is time for scientists to reach outward, and time for those outside of science to reach towards academia as well. 	1
1. In its informal meetings, the Commission deliberated on the report prepared by the secretariat entitled “Diversification in commodity-dependent countries: The role of Governments, enterprises and institutions” (TD/B/COM.1/12), complemented by panellists’ presentations.	0
It was suggested that consideration be given to redesigning UNCTAD training seminars (such as the GSP workshops) so as to better reflect the different elements necessary in penetrating specific markets.	0
I'm like, this is not a good sign for this lamb, at all. 	1
But he looked at me, and he said, "Son" -- he's my age, by the way, he calls me son, I love that -- he says, "Son, I'm a captain of a crab boat. 	1
I was like -- So, the idea that we create this false -- this sense of complacency when all we do is talk about somebody else's responsibility as though it's our own, and vice versa. 	1
And behavioral design is all about feeling in control, which includes usability, understanding -- but also the feel and heft. 	1
A representative of ISO stressed that the 14001 standard would be revised in 1999 and that all efforts would be made to involve all countries.	0
That's kind of what the teapot looks like but the way you use it is you lay it on its back, and you put tea in, and then you fill it with water. 	1
A multi-stakeholder approach was mentioned.	0
Overall, it was felt that the implementation of the ISO 14001 standard was only in its infancy.	0
 So Jake Cress is this furniture maker, and he makes this unbelievable set of furniture. 	1
27. Although there are existing channels for promoting information flows to SMEs, such as using national chambers of commerce as focal points and relying on modern communication tools, it was recognized that these may be inadequate for SMEs in developing countries.	0
  He does deserve a lot of applause, because I don't think he's slept much in the last three months, actually. 	1
30. The main needs of developing countries with respect to EMS and ISO 14001 include assistance in awareness building, access to information, access to and transfer of environmentally sound technologies, technical and financial support for participation in the development of international standards, infrastructure requirements including through assistance in the development and implementation of related legislation, the training of local auditors and consultants, sharing experiences on implementing EMS, and support for SMEs.	0
So I just pictured a first grade teacher out in the lobby with these unruly kids, saying, "Now, whatever you do, don't stare at her legs." 	1
31. Although some felt that it may be premature to assess the possible trade impacts of ISO 14001, it was suggested that international organizations such as UNCTAD could assist developing countries through providing technical assistance and conducting empirical analysis on the possible trade and investment impacts of ISO 14000 standards.	0
the Expert Meeting on Possible Trade and Investment Impacts of Environmental Management Standards, and Opportunities and Needs in this context, particularly the ISO 14000 Series, on Developing Countries was held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, from 29 to 31 October 1997.	0
So at the time, it was my opportunity to put a call out to innovators outside the traditional medical prosthetic community to come bring their talent to the science and to the art of building legs. 	1
And there it is. And I think this is a typical picture of what it was like in a courtyard then. 	1
Any of you who've been to Africa or had a junkyard dog come after you, there is a fixed kind of predatory gaze that you know you're in trouble. 	1
But on the other side of that predatory gaze is a female husky in a play bow, wagging her tail. 	1
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development	0
The Texas Tower murderer opened my eyes, in retrospect, when we studied his tragic mass murder, to the importance of play, in that that individual, by deep study, was found to have severe play deprivation. 	1
Mr. H.C.W. GUNDLACH, Chairman, International Accreditation Forum (IAF), General Manager, Dutch Council for Accreditation (RVA), Netherlands	0
And there's a whole other type of play, which is object play. 	1
5. Reports of the subsidiary bodies of the Commission	0
Spectator play, ritual play -- we're involved in some of that. 	1
Particular focus is placed on policies and conditions which can activate positive responses from decision- makers in both large and small enterprises in the commodity sector.	0
   Stuart Brown: So I would encourage you all to engage not in the work-play differential -- where you set aside time to play -- but where your life becomes infused minute by minute, hour by hour, with body, object, social, fantasy, transformational kinds of play. 	1
The terms of purchase are agreed in advance in a contract which specifies how much will be bought, the price that will be paid and how risks are allocated.	0
And yet I see it as something that's just as basic for survival -- long term -- as learning some of the basic things about public health. 	1
Large investors diversify their asset portfolio in order to optimize their risk/return ratio.	0
At the enterprise level, managers need to learn how to evaluate and manage risk - how to account for risk in their business plans, how to reduce cash flow volatility by forward contracting and price risk management, and how to reduce marketing risks by, among other things, better logistics.	0
Who was here or has otherwise seen Hans Rosling's talk? 	1
Tariffs and non-tariff measures, as well as direct financial support for exporters, are being dismantled in the new trading system and economic policy framework.6.	0
One of the expected positive effects of trade liberalization on diversification, and particularly vertical diversification, will be to give processors access to complementary inputs at world prices, thus providing a better basis for competition.	0
So I want us now to think about not just two pieces of data being connected, or six like he did, but I want to think about a world where everybody has put data on the web and so virtually everything you can imagine is on the web and then calling that linked data. 	1
If liberalization of international trade leads to an abrupt reduction in government revenues, such shortfalls need to be compensated from other sources so as to avoid a decline in the provision of public services and not jeopardize the economic environment for development and diversification.	0
So I look up a person -- I can look up then the city where they were born; then I can look up the region it's in, and the town it's in, and the population of it, and so on. 	1
Improved methods for producing and processing traditional commodities can be at least as important as moving into new areas.	0
Data comes in fact in lots and lots of different forms. 	1
Research has shown that the responsiveness of aggregate agricultural output to prices is rather low and the supply elasticity with respect to non-price factors (public goods and services) high, particularly in countries with inadequate infrastructure facilities, lack of capital and lack of private research organizations (Chhibber, 1988, p.45).	0
Research, training and extension services in agriculture are particularly important for the diversification process, as illustrated in box 5, and diversification is frequently an important objective of such services.	0
Programmes which copy a successful diversification endeavour launched, for example, by a neighbouring country, or respond to sudden surges in world prices which can be temporary, may easily backfire because markets can easily be saturated or products substituted.	0
The avoidance of these effects requires pro-active policies with a long-term perspective on the part of the Government.	0
We adore babies because they’re so cute. 	1
Nevertheless, with the increasing availability of skills and information, firms in developing countries are able to find more ample and potentially profitable points of entry to, and opportunities for, effective participation in commodity chains.	0
And when I finished hurting people a little bit, I would ask them, so, how painful was this? Or, how painful was this? 	1
Given the smallness of most producers, however, this resulted in a stronger bargaining position for the buyers.	0
Singh, A. (1996). “Savings, Investment and the Corporation in the East Asian miracle”, in UNCTAD, East Asian Development: Lessons for a New Global Environment, Study No. 9, Geneva.	0
We got a lot of people cheating by stealing by a little bit. 	1
Toye, J. (1995). “The new institutional economics and its implications for development theory”, in J. Harriss, J. Hunter and C. Lewis (eds.). The New Institutional Economics and Third World Development, London/New York, Routledge, pp 49-68.	0
Some people shredded half the sheet of paper, so there was some evidence left. 	1
UNCTAD (1997d). Draft chapter on agriculture for the Least Developed Countries Report 1997, [Geneva], mimeo.	0
We call this like a personal fudge factor. 	1
I. Dynamic markets and export sectors 2 - 9	0
The first experiment -- I walked around MIT and I distributed six-packs of Cokes in the refrigerators -- these were common refrigerators for the undergrads. 	1
So, now we had a student -- an acting student -- that was a part of the group. 	1
There are also signs that trade between Africa and Latin America is again expanding after its marked decline in 1985-1990.	0
Thus, even in the industrial sector, peak tariffs remain a significant market barrier for exports from developing countries.	0
This is the kind of accuracy that I wanted, and I replicated every last bone and put it in. 	1
In the agricultural sector, product coverage remains far from comprehensive under many schemes.	0
And it's beautiful. And I can state with authority at this point in time, when I'd finished it, of all of the replicas out there -- and there is a few -- this is by far the most accurate representation of the original Maltese Falcon than anyone has sculpted. Now the original one, I should tell you, is sculpted by a guy named Fred Sexton. 	1
The developing countries will be obliged to shift to a much greater extent to more general and broad-based policies which remain in conformity with the Uruguay Round Agreements.	0
And this thing, it's deeply, deeply satisfying to me. 	1
UNCTAD is contributing to facilitating the efforts of developing countries in this respect through the establishment of its Global Trade Point Network (GTPNet), which includes the Electronic Trading Opportunities (ETOs) system.	0
It's the achingly sentimental yearning for times that never happened. 	1
Governments can play an effective role in stimulating market competition and new business strategies, promoting exports in their services industries and assisting services producer associations in disseminating information nationally about world markets, standards and other countries' experiences.	0
Anybody who was anybody had an apartment there. 	1
The analysis in chapters I and II has highlighted once again that the expansion and diversification of exports from developing countries continues to be hampered by both market access barriers and supply-side constraints.	0
If you live in New York, you know how the bike messengers move. 	1
Moreover, prospects of increased competition for particular production sectors will oblige developing countries to strengthen their policies in support of supply capability building.	0
The third plant is money plant, and this is again a very common plant; preferably grows in hydroponics. 	1
In fact, you could be in a bottle with a cap on top, and you would not die at all, and you would not need any fresh air. 	1
For preferential rules of origin, this objective might be pursued through the development of a set of multilaterally applicable criteria and principles.	0
40 percent of the world's energy is taken up by buildings currently, and 60 percent of the world's population will be living in buildings in cities with a population of over one million in the next 15 years. 	1
2. The UNCTAD secretariat was requested to develop a computerized database for compiling and disseminating information on measures, including laws and regulations, that affect the access of services and service suppliers, especially from developing countries, to world markets.	0
So cut to now. We still have an energy crisis, and now we have a climate crisis as well. You know, so humans generate about 12 trillion watts, or 12 terawatts, from fossil fuels. 	1
That would be enough to power your cell phone. 	1
And the Spruce Goose would be a 15-megawatt wing. 	1
However, this study shows that problems of high tariffs are still widespread.	0
Both frequency and tariff levels are a matter of concern.	0
And so she ultimately turned to prostitution. 	1
But one fifth of the peak tariffs of the United States, one quarter of those of the European Union, about 30 per cent of Japan and about one seventh of those of Canada exceed 30 per cent (see tables 1 to 4).	0
Malaysia’s tariff will be 30 per cent or more for about one third of all peaks.	0
And she does really good business. In fact, I watched her walk through the streets hawking. And before you knew it, there was a crowd of women around her, buying these dresses. 	1
The special agricultural safeguard provisions will remain in force for the duration of the reform process.	0
Because when systems are broken, like the ones that we're seeing around the world, it's an opportunity for invention and for innovation. 	1
The food industry is a major area where tariff protection will remain frequent and high in the major developed country markets, even after implementation of the Uruguay Round concessions.	0
 Anyway, this all started a few years ago, when they started carrying your voice over the Internet rather than over a phone line, and we've come a long way since that. 	1
These high tariffs are, for now, combined with quantitative import restrictions.	0
They don't want to pay the international fees, so they're like, "Timmy! Is that you?" 	1
Furthermore, Japan applies a rate of 30 per cent on tanned and prepared leather.	0
Does anyone remember what else happened on June 29 last year? 	1
In the developed countries, tariff protection is more selectively applied: 25 per cent for trucks in the US; 22 per cent for trucks and 16 per cent for buses in the EU; and 25 per cent for ships and boats, including fishing vessels in Canada.	0
The deal is, any time you're in a Wi-Fi hotspot, all your calls are free. 	1
Another reason is that quantitative restrictions continue to provide additional protection for the textiles and clothing industry.	0
While numerous peak tariffs were substantially reduced during the Round, this was not a general pattern.	0
These trends were major driving forces for the expansion of trade in health services.	0
And by the way, they don't always get the words right, because it's over the phone and all that. 	1
5. It was pointed out that, although the balance-of-payments statistics were incomplete, available statistics demonstrated that health services were one of the service sectors in which developing countries had a revealed comparative advantage.	0
In this connection, a system for international accreditation of medical personnel and health institutions was judged important.	0
Strategies were needed to ensure that the results of joint research and development projects would be retained in developing countries.	0
If you won them all, you were considered to be reasonably successful -- not completely. Because I found out -- we had a number of years at UCLA where we didn't lose a game. 	1
In view of the importance which the health sector holds for Cuba, and the efforts being made to develop this sector, we wish to make a few general observations.	0
One was just a little verse that said, "No written word, no spoken plea can teach our youth what they should be; nor all the books on all the shelves -- it's what the teachers are themselves." 	1
He couldn't get on the bus, he had to go home and get cleaned up to get to the airport. 	1
I believe starting on time, and I believe closing on time. 	1
And another one I had was, not one word of profanity. 	1
And right at the top, faith and patience. 	1
FOOD PROCESSING SECTOR IN DEVELOPING COUNTRIES	0
It's you and I who make our fates -- we open up or close the gates on the road ahead or the road behind." 	1
Reference was made to positive experiences in countries that had established “one-stop shops” as a means of promoting foreign investment.	0
In this context, the opportunities in, for example, the rapidly growing developing economies of East and South-East Asia and Latin America, as well as the emerging African market-place, particularly for meat and poultry, were stressed.	0
The blood will be tested for zoonotic viruses, part of a program Dr. Wolfe has spent years setting up. 	1
It was noted that such a policy framework should be determined in close coordination between the government and the private sector.	0
When your children and grandchildren sort of pose questions to you about this period of time, one of the things they're gonna ask you, is how it was they we allowed some of our closest living relatives, some of the most valuable and endangered species on our planet, to go extinct because we weren't able to address some of the issues of poverty in these parts of the world. 	1
While it could be argued that this did not as yet constitute a major barrier to developing country exports, since exports of packaged products from these countries were still small, packaging regulations were an important deterrent, particularly because these regulations, as regards both environmental and other requirements, differed between importing countries.	0
Bush meat is one of the central crises, which is occurring in our population right now, in humanity, on this planet. 	1
Exporters therefore had, for instance, to differentiate packaging materials by importing countries or by individual importing firms, which entailed high costs.	0
But it can't be the fault of somebody like this. 	1
Therefore, expert meetings, convened by UNCTAD, were regarded as an important forum for formulating the impediments facing the business community, especially in least developed countries experiencing difficulties in developing their exports.	0
So I said to myself, "OK, great -- we're gonna collect all kinds of specimens. We're gonna go to all these different locations. It's going to be wonderful." 	1
The development of production processes which corresponded to the climatic and other characteristics of developing countries could improve competitiveness and assist diversification.	0
However, in practice, the weakness of the private sector in some countries might necessitate a more active role on the part of the Government.	0
And this was somebody who had incredible potential to spread aspects of our message, whether it be with regards to wildlife conservation or health prevention. 	1
For developing country firms to be able to do so, an important capacity-building exercise was considered necessary.	0
But the reason I like to show the shot is because you can see that he's about to solve this problem. 	1
23. The Expert Meeting discussed to what extent the results of the Uruguay Round contributed to facilitating the trade of developing countries, and whether governments were more constrained in the choice of their diversification policies.	0
I was sort of astonished to find out how many I have actually. 	1
It actually happened right at the time we met. 	1
The time it was Chris Connor singing "Lush Life" -- how it brought back my college sweetheart, my first real love, who -- till I left her -- played the same record. 	1
Her occupancy, her absolute, faithful attendance. 	1
 This is a newer poem, a brand new poem. 	1
Mr. Amadou Tall, Director, INFOPECHE Africa	0
Then I am drowning, in despair at having to leave her, this, everything, all, unbearable, awful. 	1
Newspapers are dying for a few reasons. 	1
It was noted by some that the WTO had a role to play in considering market access issues as well as the relationship between the generation and transfer of technology and the WTO rules on intellectual property rights (IPRs).	0
And I had a revelation. I thought, "These guys took some creepy, run-down entertainment, and put it to the highest possible level of performance art." 	1
Others noted that positive measures in the context of specific MEAs should be considered by the respective Conferences of Parties (CoPs).	0
I thought "Oh my God, maybe I can do the same with these boring newspapers." 	1
The Executive Head of the Ozone Secretariat pointed out that UNCTAD's work on positive measures could provide useful inputs to the work of the Montreal Protocol.	0
And I did. We started to redesign them, one by one. 	1
As regards ODA, it was noted that it could directly contribute to technology transfer by improving regional and local information networks, creating awareness, and by being used to fund trade fairs, seminars etc.	0
But soon they realized that this is the new role of designer: to be in this process from the very beginning to the very end. 	1
One expert, reporting on a recent meeting on positive measures, pointed out that for host countries which voluntarily participate in joint implementation schemes, the value of the projects that transfer energy-efficient technologies may be greater than projects promoting carbon sequestration.	0
From regular, relative skydiving I went on to freeflying. 	1
and for promoting sustainable development	0
43. At the same meeting, the Expert Meeting adopted the provisional agenda circulated in TD/B/COM.1/EM.3/1.	0
So looking at their three main markets for their product which were basically transportation design, interiors and furniture, we came up with the solution of taking an old Airstream trailer and gutting it, and trying to portray laminate, and a trailer, in kind of a fresh, new contemporary look. 	1
The trailers themselves are actually hand-built. 	1
The blast is so strong it can even break your limbs, even if you're not hit. 	1
That soldier had been on top of the bomb. 	1
Item 2 - Adoption of the agenda and organization of work	0
One of the people that I recently met with was an Air Force three-star general, and he said basically, where we're headed very soon is tens of thousands of robots operating in our conflicts, and these numbers matter, because we're not just talking about tens of thousands of today's robots, but tens of thousands of these prototypes and tomorrow's robots, because of course, one of the things that's operating in technology is Moore's Law, 	1
And so what that means is the kind of things that we used to only talk about at science fiction conventions like Comic-Con have to be talked about in the halls of power and places like the Pentagon. 	1
mankind's 5,000-year-old monopoly on the fighting of war is breaking down in our very lifetime. I've spent the last several years going around meeting with all the players in this field, from the robot scientists to the science fiction authors who inspired them to the 19-year-old drone pilots who are fighting from Nevada, to the four-star generals who command them, to even the Iraqi insurgents who they are targeting and what 	1
Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities	0
The U.S. is currently ahead in military robotics right now, but we know that in technology there's no such thing as a permanent first move or advantage. In a quick show of hands, how many people in this room still use Wang Computers?  It's the same thing in war. The British and the French invented the tank. 	1
In engaging in such trade, they are drawing upon competitive advantages which include lower-cost skilled personnel, cultural factors and natural endowments, and unique forms of medicine.	0
And now we have the fact that we're converting more and more of our American soldiers that we would send into harm's way into machines, and so we may take those already lowering bars to war and drop them to the ground. 	1
Paradoxically, immigration regulations may be drawn up to facilitate the entry of medical personnel, who then face difficulties in practising due to the lack of recognition of professional qualifications.	0
There's already several thousand video clips of combat footage from Iraq on YouTube right now, most of it gathered by drones. 	1
In addition, new trade opportunities are provided by emerging technologies which facilitate cross-border trade and by new forms of business organization adept at penetrating foreign markets.	0
But when you go out and meet with people, for example in Lebanon, it's a very different story. One of the people I met with there was a news editor, and we're talking as a drone is flying above him, and this is what he had to say. 	1
The changing balance between the public and private sector raises concern about equity and access to services, especially for the most needy populations.	0
Among the opportunities being examined are opportunities for trade within the health sector.	0
Only one character made it onto both lists: The Terminator, a robot killing machine. 	1
An economic needs test (ENT) conditions temporary entry upon a determination that no resident/national of the host country is available and qualified to carry out the same assignment.	0
And that really struck me about my father, in the sense that he had such belief that somehow, doing these things giving in the way that he gave, that something good would come out of it, even in the middle of a war, there was a war with Pakistan at one point, and the construction stopped totally and he kept working, because he felt, "Well when the war is done they'll need this building." 	1
Professionals have used control over medical plans or insurance firms to discriminate against potential competitors in the domestic market and abroad.	0
Regulations have often prevented health care professionals from advertising prices, discounts and services.	0
The switch of a part of the population from public to private health structures, with the consequent increase in the human and financial resources available to the public sector, would be especially positive in those countries which suffer from a shortage of medical personnel and health facilities.	0
That's where, according to my analyses, the Iranians were at the beginning of this year. 	1
Among the immediate benefits that accrue to developing countries from the development of trade in telemedicine services are improved access to medical care and the upgrading of health treatment in terms of more even quality.	0
That power disappears completely; nobody supports that by 2011. 	1
As a result, the income earned through the sale of health services to foreigners amounted to more than 25 million of United States dollars.	0
So, 10 times more bacterial cells than human cells on a human being. 	1
The rationale of the strategy is twofold.	0
By the end of 1996, 60 joint ventures with foreign partners had been established in the hospital sector.	0
We just took the picture by turning the lights off in the room, and this is what we see. 	1
These are just like the receptors on the surfaces of your cells. 	1
They vote with these chemical votes, the vote gets counted, and then everybody responds to the vote. 	1
3. Domestic conditions and related policies	0
But what we were really thinking about is that most of the time bacteria don't live by themselves, they live in incredible mixtures, with hundreds or thousands of other species of bacteria. 	1
And that's depicted on this slide. This is your skin. 	1
So we went back to molecular biology and started studying different bacteria, and what we've found now is that in fact, bacteria are multilingual. 	1
There is also a growing demand in several European markets for tropical fruit salads due to a general interest in tropical products among consumers.	0
By targeting the red system, what we are able to do is to make species-specific, or disease-specific, anti-quorum sensing molecules. 	1
Processors also seem to be pushing this product more aggressively than in the past, as a means of diversifying their exports.	0
We've also done the same thing with the pink system. 	1
Non-tariff barriers and costs of market entry of branded goods are generally at very high levels.	0
Bacteria have been on the Earth for billions of years; humans, couple hundred thousand. 	1
By using these two molecules they can say "me" and they can say "you." 	1
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have the most advanced distribution structures, although there is still a lack of market transparency.	0
Again of course that's what we do, both in a molecular way, and also in an outward way, but I think about the molecular stuff. 	1
Although the level of imports in most cases is relatively low for processed horticultural products, in some markets (e.g. Republic of Korea, for the import of orange juice, frozen vegetables and canned mushrooms) there has been significant growth in the value of trade over the last 5 years.	0
So, we've targeted those systems to make the molecules work better. 	1
That's the other way that humor -- like Art Buchwald takes shots at the heads of state. 	1
While the English name was found unattractive, promotion of the same product under the Spanish name "congrio" led to considerable success.	0
So you can imagine my surprise on reading in The New Yorker that Alan Greenspan, Chairman of the Federal Reserve, claims Ayn Rand as his intellectual mentor. 	1
Shrimps comes from Thai shrimp farms, calamari are caught in the Gulf of Thailand, and, interestingly, fish products are produced from relatively unusual species.	0
So the passivity was culturally projected onto the little girls. 	1
Developing-country processors have advantages over those in developed countries such as low labour costs, high quality and lower prices of raw materials.	0
 And of course two percent did not know whether they'd had --  of my attempted quadruple. 	1
The EU also allows duty-free access for fish if a country has a fishing agreement with the EU (for example, Argentina).	0
And the book is called "The Garden of Priapus." 	1
Similarly, for chicken, while the main markets are for breast and deboned legs, in China and Hong Kong there is a high demand for lower-valued parts such as feet, neck and wings.	0
And I said, "Well, that's how you know only stupid people go into it." 	1
This means that most developing countries will have to concentrate on markets such as the Middle East/North Africa, the Russian Federation and Eastern Europe, and will have to compete with EU beef which will continue to be sold at subsidized prices in these markets.	0
Computer controlled systems are playing an increasing role in recipe formulation, logistic and product control systems, including the increasingly important area of product traceability all the way to the farmer.	0
Well yeah, I mean why we forced China to open her markets. 	1
World consumption of specialty teas, including flavoured teas, green tea, oolong tea and herbal and fruit teas, is expected to rise considerably.	0
About six months later I figured out it must be hydrogen, until some scientist told me the unfortunate truth, which is, you actually use more clean electrons than the ones you get inside a car, if you use hydrogen. 	1
Global tea consumption has largely stabilized and is expected to increase by about 1 per cent annually in the next few years.	0
Affordable is not a 40,000 dollar sedan, right? 	1
First component is you charge the car whenever you stop -- ends up that cars are these strange beasts that drive for about two hours and park for about 22 hours. 	1
Tariff barriers have been considerable, particularly in the pre-Uruguay Round setting.	0
An 80 cent gallon means, if the entire Pacific would convert to crude oil, and we'd let any oil company bring it out and refine it, they still can't compete with two cents a mile. 	1
 Until I got to the true young global leader, Shimon Peres, President of Israel, and he ran a beautiful manipulation on me. 	1
These requirements cover quality and health considerations as well as labelling rules, which may differ significantly among markets.	0
First he let me go to the prime minister of the country, who told me, if you can find the money you need for this network, 200 million dollars, and if you can find a car company that will build that car in mass volume, in two million cars -- that's what we needed in Israel -- I'll give you country to invest the 200 million into. 	1
Sub regional markets can be a first step for exporting processed foods.	0
It's the first mass-volume electric car, zero-emission electric car in the market. 	1
(b) What types of information, to be provided by governments and intergovernmental organizations, are necessary if exporters from developing countries are to identify, analyse and capture market opportunities and niche markets, and establish business contacts?	0
If you buy our car it's about 20,000 Euros. 	1
(b) What are the optimal marketing strategies to be pursued in different markets, in particular new and emerging ones?	0
I know most people don't think of Israel as a small island, but Israel is an island -- it's a transportation island. 	1
of Multilateral Environmental Agreements	0
You don't notice it, but when the aggregate comes up you're dead. Alright? 	1
In such circumstances, it is difficult to determine to what extent GEF contributions are new and additional.	0
In practice, however, determining the amount of funding requirements may involve difficult negotiations and a complicated and time-consuming project approval cycle.For the implementation of the Montreal Protocol in India, the incremental costs of conversion to phase out ODS were estimated by the Indian Government at US$ 1.4-2.4 billion, about four times the size of the entire Multilateral Fund for the period 1993-1995, while the World Bank estimated the costs of Indian conversion at US$ 320-482 million (Duncan Brack, International Trade and the Environment, Royal Institute of International Affairs, p.89).	0
Private/public-sector partnerships, co-financing arrangements and joint ventures could also be means to attract private finance into environment-related projects in developing countries, as could the creation of investor pools.	0
There are three obvious ways of doing this. 	1
A similar initiative is the proposed IFC Biodiversity Enterprise Fund for Latin America.	0
It's already done to avoid rare diseases today. 	1
First, the link of the liability regime with the stringent trade regulations of the Convention, in particular decision III/1, is unclear.The Amendment to the Basel Convention would virtually dry out the export of hazardous waste from OECD to non-OECD countries.	0
The first is that all these technologies are just a spin-off of mainstream medical research that everybody wants to see happen. 	1
Both the number of international transactions and the volume of material traded have so far been very small.For more information, see: D. Leed, Ozone protection in the United States: elements of success, in: E. Cook (ed.), Trading pollution, World Resources Institute, Washington, D.C., 1996.	0
We try and use our technology to improve our lives in one way or another. 	1
According to some developed countries, the major handicap of AIJ projects is the lack of some form of recognised credit for successful abatement or sequestration through such projects.The sixth session of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA) of FCCC, held at the beginning of August 1997, recognized that joint implementation would be limited if the issue of credits was not resolved.	0
This is the flowering of human endeavor." The one thing though that is really dangerous about these sorts of technologies, is that it's easy to become seduced by them. 	1
We're going to move now from the biological and the macroscopic world, down into the atomic world, as we fly into a lattice of atoms. 	1
-Financing visits to laboratories and carrying out discussions for collaboration;	0
This is allowing them to find the bonding nodes in any lattice of atoms. 	1
On equity grounds, it is essential that information provided by traditional healers, farmers or local residents which is used to identify potentially valuable biological materials is obtained through informed consent and results in appropriate compensation.	0
We're going to actually move even further down as we go from this lattice of atoms to one single hydrogen atom. 	1
It is important to promote the fully informed and effective participation of indigenous peoples in all aspects of the development and implementation of packages of positive measures if the aim of sustainable development through effective partnerships is to become a reality.	0
We're working with our physicist colleagues that have given us the mathematical calculations of the n-dimensional Schrödinger equation in time. 	1
What actions are required through national policy-making and international cooperation in areas such as technical assistance for project formulation, addressing information gaps or facilitating access of SMEs to finance and technology?	0
I had a very charming routine at the time, which was to wait until late in the evening when my parents were decompressing from a hard day's work, doing their crossword puzzles, watching television. 	1
V. THE CASE OF SMALL AND MEDIUM-SIZED ENTERPRISES (SMEs) 55-61	0
And I wouldn't even catch the response. A sad state of affairs. 	1
While recognising the utility of using international standards for harmonisation purposes, some feel that attention should also be given to the difficulties that developing countries could have in implementing these standards.	0
I looked a lot like an orangutan, our close cousins, or the Incredible Hulk. 	1
Article 12 of the Agreement on the special and differentiated treatment of developing countries could be recalled in this regard.	0
Some have criticized ISO 14001 for this.	0
I found that longer steps were much more elegant. 	1
objectives.Ministry of Housing, Spatial Planning and the Environment, "Company environmental management as a basis for a different relationship between companies and governmental authorities", 1995, The Hague, Netherlands.	0
So I think you'll agree, they look quite good together. 	1
The costs of certification carried out by local ISO registrars in developing countries tend to be much lower.A. Davie,"ISO 14001 Issues for Developing Countries", in Christopher Sheldon (ed.), op. cit..	0
A founding membership of 10 accreditation bodies was put in place in 1996. See: UNIDO, op. cit., page 11. ) and the International Accreditation Forum (IAF).	0
It's amazing. The best climbers are the ones that in the most extreme situations can get their bodies into some position where they can rest, regroup, calm themselves, focus, and keep going. 	1
This market has traditionally been dominated largely by European and United States companies, which have a significant presence in developing countries and dominate the markets in most.	0
This is the Devils Tower in Wyoming, which is a columnar basalt formation that most of you probably know from "Close Encounters." 	1
Firms may prefer internationally agreed standards in meeting customer expectations.	0
It causes these vast bleaching events that are the first signs of corals of being sick. 	1
What I do is I write books about the cultural history of physics. 	1
The task force has considered several country case studies.	0
ISO 14001 should facilitate fulfilment of these aims.	0
This nearly drove mathematicians bonkers because, like you, they're sitting there feeling bamboozled. 	1
The China National Steering Committee on Certification of Environmental Management System, which was established in May 1997 and involves 33 ministries and state bureaus, will be active in the development and supervision of policies on certification and accreditation of EMS.	0
But that's only because I'm projecting it onto a flat surface. 	1
Difficulties of developing countries in formulating national policies on EMS standards may be significant, while the associated costs and benefits of ISO 14001 are difficult to predict.	0
Here's two creatures who've never heard of Euclid's parallel postulate -- didn't know it was impossible to violate, and they're simply getting on with it. 	1
Several developing countries, in particular in Asia and Latin America, are nevertheless adopting a proactive approach to EMS standards.	0
It turns out that the natural world is full of hyperbolic wonders. 	1
Training and awareness-building activities could also be undertaken at the regional or subregional levels.	0
We live in a society that completely tends to valorize symbolic forms of representation -- algebraic representations, equations, codes. 	1
It was considered that similar work to that undertaken by the current Expert Meeting but dealing with existing regional and multilateral agreements on investment is needed to obtain a more complete picture of existing agreements on investment, in pursuance of the mandate of paragraph 89(b) in "A Partnership for Growth and Development".	0
B. Issues addressed by bilateral investment treaties	0
I started with a lot of loose ideas, roughly eight or nine years ago. 	1
While bilateral investment treaties constitute lex specialis, establishing treaty rights and obligations for the Parties, some experts questioned to what extent bilateral investment treaties would or could give rise to rules of customary international law.	0
I had somebody on the bus out to the racetrack tell me about his sister calling him. 	1
6. At its closing meeting, on 30 May 1997, the Expert Meeting authorized the Rapporteur to prepare the final report of the Meeting under the authority of the Chairman. ANNEXES	0
Now that, if your spine is not held in a good position, will help bend your spine the wrong way, and so on. 	1
To fulfil these goals the Division promotes international dialogue among development actors for the purpose of assessing the challenges and opportunities for international investment, technology capacity-building and enterprise development arising from new economic conditions, including those related to the conclusions of the Uruguay Round.	0
But then I knew from experience and looking around in offices where there were chairs with headrests that nobody would ever bother to reach back and turn a knob and adjust the headrest to put it in position. 	1
In the light of this mandate, and as a first step towards this longer term goal, the Commission, at its first session, decided to hold this expert meeting, the theme of which is, "to examine and review existing agreements on investment and their development dimension".	0
So that part of it took a long time to work out. 	1
I took part, on Monday, in the discussions about the work that has been undertaken by OECD regarding the negotiations of a plurilateral framework on investment.	0
There were also very interesting remarks made at the meeting about the difficulties currently faced by the negotiators, particularly in terms of the exceptions.	0
But there is also this part of the country, kind of in the middle region here. 	1
The discussion is still continuing over how to tackle this problem of the exceptions; whether it should be solved by granting a general, blanket exception or whether the matter should be taken up case by case, individual country by individual country.	0
Yes Bill Clinton was from Arkansas, but these are very, very profound differences. 	1
So, I hope that the examination of the bilateral agreements will at least provide you and us with some useful insights about how some of the agreements perhaps serve the interests of development better than others.	0
Are we kind of stigmatizing people from Arkansas, and this part of the country? 	1
Of course, we have to be clear what we have in mind when we speak about "the interests of development", in terms, not only, of economic growth but of the integration of countries into an international network of distribution of trade, of technology exchange, and of managerial skills.	0
And the answer is: it is at least partially fair. 	1
This is conducted by the University of Chicago every other year. 	1
I think cities facilitate more of the kind of networking, the kind of casual interaction than you might have on a daily basis. 	1
But also not everyone wants to live in a city, certainly not a city like New York. 	1
It's a traditional Midwestern community, which means you have real grid. 	1
But also here is another idea we have -- is an intercollegiate exchange program where you have students going from New York abroad. 	1
I'm here to talk about the next big thing, because what we're finding out is that we have this capacity to report eyewitness accounts of what's going on in real time. 	1
We're seeing this in events like Mumbai recently, where it's so much easier to report now than it is to consume it. 	1
And by rating it and by rating the different people who submit information, we can get refined results and weighted results. 	1
It's coming from places that you wouldn't expect. 	1
These are, most of these are from a monthly page I do in and architecture and design magazine called Metropolis. 	1
And then left it to a contractor to install these 79-cent switches behind them. 	1
The report of the Expert Meeting will be available during the session of the Commission.	0
The bathrooms and kitchens will, of course, have no windows. 	1
Item 8 - Adoption of the report of the Commission	0
Pears dried in the form of genital organs. 	1
REPORT OF THE EXPERT MEETING ON INVESTMENT PROMOTION AND DEVELOPMENT OBJECTIVES	0
As an art form it lies somewhere between still-life painting and plumbing. 	1
Although worldwide FDI flows have expanded, including flows to developing regions, much of it is concentrated in a small number of countries.	0
Today a container ship can carry 150,000 tons; it can be manned with a smaller crew; and unloaded faster than ever before. 	1
if seen in a regional context or as an export platform, but it may mean allocating greater priority to education and training than in other countries.	0
We should not fear other countries becoming wealthy. 	1
In fact if you look at world history you can see some reasons for optimism. 	1
Now let's imagine that you were an economist in 1929, trying to forecast future growth for the United States, not knowing that the economy was about to go off a cliff, not knowing that we were about to enter the greatest economic disaster certainly in the 20th century. 	1
3. The United Nations Environment Programme and the United Nations Development Programme were represented at the meeting.	0
By this age the brain can actually store. 	1
This might promote convergence among competition policies and support national and international efforts to promote competition, efficiency and consumer welfare.	0
This lifelong capacity for plasticity, for brain change, is powerfully expressed. 	1
Chapter I briefly describes the theory and provides empirical evidence for the benefits of competition in terms of static and dynamic efficiency and consumer welfare and some trade-offs which may arise.	0
This may possibly be because large firms in these concentrated industries had exploited their dominant positions to raise entry barriers.	0
While this may lead to a deadweight loss through higher prices, reduction in diffusion of the innovation and its fruits, and stifling of follow-on innovation (if protection is too broad), it should be set off against the growth and welfare benefits accruing from the introduction of new products and processes.	0
Every sound the child hears uncorrected is muffled. 	1
Thus, a survey of 46 countries found a significantly negative relationship between the level of per capita income and the size of average mark-up ratios in 1985. / See J. Gali, “Monopolistic competition, endogenous mark-ups, and growth” European Economic Review (1994), vol. 38, pp. 748-756.	0
But there were no changes in sectoral productivity levels, and market entry rates fell. / See UNCTAD, Trade liberalization in Chile: Experiences and prospects (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.91.II.D.18), 1992.	0
Think of a classroom of children in the language arts. 	1
It means that most people who are at risk for senility, more or less immediately, are now in a protected position. 	1
In the United Kingdom, for instance, despite privatization and deregulation in the express coach market, one of the two original public sector companies was able to retain its dominant position because of such advantages; but action was eventually taken to break it up into regional companies.	0
To what extent do we self-construct, do we self-invent? 	1
Cases brought by the European Commission against cartels or abuses of dominance in the shipping sector have led to reduced freight charges and better service on the trans-Atlantic and Europe-Asia shipping routes. / See Yves Kenfack, La politique de la concurrence dans les transports maritimes internationaux: Enjeux pour les pays en développement, UNCTAD consultant report (forthcoming).	0
A key factor contributing to the effectiveness of competition laws and policies has been the possession of enough information by competition authorities.	0
Thank you so very much for having me here today. 	1
PREPARATIONS FOR A HANDBOOK ON COMPETITION LEGISLATION	0
- Decree No. 96-288 of 3 April 1996 relating to the organization and operation of the Competition Commission	0
I mean, I know sometimes our lifestyles are very different, whatever. 	1
So, I think all people, we need that, but especially, I look at people like me, you know like, I mean, Latinos -- we're about to be the majority, in like two weeks. 	1
So, I'm very happy that you're, you know, doing this kind of thing, making the talks available online. 	1
That is why they are known as anti—competitive practices, as described below:	0
And usually my work, it takes me to Washington D.C. 	1
Such cases are more difficult to pinpoint than the former.	0
And we tried to teach our kids to be proud of their tradition, but it's very hard. 	1
There are two difficulties involved in this form of illegal practice:	0
They love rock music, pop culture, American culture. 	1
- Abuse of a situation arising from a dominant or monopolistic position in a market or market segment;	0
But she told me, "Mom, you don't have to worry about boys because I don't like them." 	1
For example, in the fats market, margarine is a substitute for butter.	0
And I would like to first of all thank Sarah Jones for putting all of the pressure on the only Arab who she brought with her to be last today. 	1
This practice may be used by certain distributors who do not hesitate to resell certain products at a loss in order to attract customers, in the hope of selling other products with large mark-ups.	0
And I know I've performed for some of your companies or some of you have seen me elsewhere, but this is honestly one of the best audiences I've ever experienced. 	1
However, the Competition Board may authorize the concentration provided that certain conditions are met in order to safeguard and develop competition.	0
We're concerned in the national security community, and of course in the biology community and the public health community. 	1
- Lastly, the third type of links are structural links which involve complete mergers of enterprises or the absorption of enterprises by other enterprises.	0
And I'll get into why we've so far been spared in a moment. 	1
It should be noted that any agreement reached in violation of articles 7 and 8 of the Act is void ab initio.	0
In experimental feeding in monkeys you can see that it actually downregulates a specific immune system modulator. 	1
A dominant position is not reprehensible in itself; only abuses resulting from such domination are prohibited under article 8 of the Act.	0
And 40 states already have an acute nursing shortage. 	1
Economic concentration: definition and sphere of application	0
Main result is that there is tremendous confusion. 	1
- Take any appropriate step to ensure or restore sufficient competition.	0
Germany did that when H5N1 appeared in Germany last year, in order to minimize the spread between households by household cats, dogs and so on. 	1
- A prohibition in principle, with scope for exemptions.	0
We have no uniform policies regarding quarantine across the United States. 	1
Six weeks they had all people in the banking industry pretend a pandemic was underway. 	1
The setting of a mark-up or joint price-fixing standards among a number of enterprises or in a profession under an agreement is also unlawful under article 25.	0
And basically the economy would be in a disaster state of affairs. 	1
The Institute of Medicine tried to look at the masking question. 	1
The prohibited discrimination relates not only to prices but also to the other terms of the transaction.	0
I think it's about having to be prepared as communities, not as individuals -- being prepared as nation, being prepared as state, being prepared as town. 	1
In this way, it covers everything which may be of economic value or be the subject of an act of production or exchange.	0
At a minimum the British banking plan showed that telecommuting can be helpful. 	1
In such cases, the case may be brought to annul agreements which contravene articles 7 and 8 under article 9 of the Act.	0
You could do it to your own kid. It changes color. 	1
Under article 6-3, the Competition Commission is competent to issue opinions on unlawful agreements, abuses of market power and economic concentration.	0
Following the investigations, the Solibra company, which has a dominant position in the sector, was found to have breached article 8 by:	0
The type of control, for example: outright prohibition, prohibition in principle, or examination on a case-by-case basis.	0
But as a physicist, I thought, well if you give me some data, I could maybe understand this. You know, give us a go. 	1
In the following cases, commencing proceedings is mandatory for OEC on receipt of applications or may happen on the Office's own motion in the absence of applications:	0
You take all of the conflict, all of the chaos, all of the noise, and out of that comes this precise mathematical distribution of the way attacks are ordered in this conflict. 	1
may order a corrective announcement to be published in respect of a previous information which may possibly deceive consumers;	0
And we found that not only were the distributions these straight lines, but the slope of these lines, they clustered around this value of alpha equals 2.5. 	1
And so I'm thinking, right, great, it's going to keep going down. 	1
On the basis of this review of technical cooperation, the Expert Meeting is expected to give further guidance to the secretariat for its technical cooperation activities and recommend ways and means to implement the points made by the Third Review Conference in the same resolution (para. 4), as follows:	0
There were wonderful, incredible ideas that were always percolating, and so much of what's cool or hot today is really based on some of those concepts, whether it's, you know, people trying to use the prime directive from Star Trek being involved in things, or again that three-dimensional weaving and fax machines that I read about in my weekly readers that the technology and engineering was just getting started. 	1
(b) Requests for technical assistance 20	0
The sciences, to me, are manifestations of our attempt to express or share our understanding, our experience, to influence the universe external to ourselves. 	1
The representative of UNCTAD made substantive presentations on competition legislation and participated in the debates.	0
8. The objectives of the symposium were basically twofold: educational, and assistance in the creation of a policy framework to develop competition legislation appropriate to the economic conditions prevailing in the country.	0
Following the symposium, the Task Force decided to start the process of drafting a Competition Bill with assistance from competition consultants and in close cooperation with UNCTAD.	0
I did a project called S.E.E.ing the Future: Science, Engineering and Education, and it was looking at how to shed light on most effective use of government funding. 	1
Following the seminar, another British competition expert was selected and engaged by UNCTAD to prepare the legislation.	0
In K through 12, people are taking out wet labs. They think if we put a computer in the room it's going to take the place of actually, we're mixing the acids, we're growing the potatoes. 	1
15. A draft project on “Support for the finalization of the initial application of Egypt’s competition law” has been elaborated by UNCTAD with a view to providing technical support in the process of enacting competition legislation and establishing a competition authority responsible for the enforcement of competition legislation in Egypt.	0
We're going to share lots of things with people, but nothing's going to happen until we risk putting those ideas into action. 	1
The replies to the questionnaire helped in the identification and quantification of the requirements in the region.	0
This is a sculpture I made, which is a way of, kind of, freeing a form into an object that has different degrees of freedom. 	1
Study visits to the Swedish Competition Authority and to the United Kingdom and the participation of the Board’s officials in several conferences in the field of competition law and policy were financed.	0
And then this is the first part of -- this is 109 spheres, since the Sun is 109 times the diameter of the Earth. 	1
Similarly, regional administration officials have visited the Office of Free Competition and regional provincial governments.	0
It's made of stainless steel, quite thick. 	1
Priority attention is expected to be given to the following issues:	0
But this the current version of it, that is about 35 meters in diameter, about 110 feet in diameter. 	1
A conference on competition policy was held in New Delhi, India, on 17-19 March 1997, and two high-level officials from the Fair Trading Commission participated.	0
The idea of it is to make a kind of a traveling show. 	1
In 1996 the second collective traineeship also included lectures and working groups on State aid policy.	0
And don't despise the white bread because it really, I think, symbolizes the fact that bread and food have become plentiful and affordable to all. 	1
We need more science and not less. And we need good science. 	1
Food is as important as energy, as security, as the environment. 	1
What exactly to the people watching this do every day? 	1
5. As a step towards a broader discussion of issues relevant to a possible multilateral framework on investment (MFI), the present Meeting of Experts is invited to focus on bilateral investment treaties (BITs), since the issues covered in BITs, the ways in which these issues are dealt with, and the impact page 3 of BITS, are directly pertinent to discussions on a possible MFI.	0
I don't know if you've ever been to a Jewish wedding, but what they do is, they take a light bulb and they smash it. 	1
page 4 Timetable Meeting of Experts on Existing International Investment Agreements and their Implications for Development	0
So let me tell you about the three cycles. The first one is the factory cycle. 	1
It enables him to hire men who used to get paid 50 cents a day and pay them five dollars a day. 	1
Well with that sort of advantage you can churn out a lot of cars. 	1
Item 3 - Examine and review existing international investment agreements and their implications for development in pursuance of par. 89 (b)	0
Ever-cheaper labor and ever-faster machines. 	1
C. Experience with the application of BITs	0
Note by the UNCTAD secretariat GE.97-50619	0
Lots of people are used to having a spiritual tribe, or a church tribe, having a work tribe, having a community tribe. 	1
Therefore, it is in the interest of the contracting parties to ensure that investors and countries know more about how BITs work in specific circumstances.	0
By their very nature, BITs constitute "lex specialis", applicable only between the contracting parties and not to third parties.	0
1.What is the evidence (systematic or anecdotal) that BITs help to attract FDI flows to developing countries, including the technology and skills associated with FDI?	0
It means 30 to 40 million people, the whole of California -- every person, that's more or less what we have today in the world. 	1
and United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3202 (S-VI): Programme of Action on the Establishment of a New 1974 International Economic Order United Nations Multilateral Non-binding Adopted	0
The ones with the highest income, the better off -- I wouldn't say rich -- they have higher HIV. 	1
1980 Arab Capital in the Arab States States Regional Binding Adopted	0
Look, you have bubbles all over the world here. 	1
1985 Declaration on Transborder Data Flows OECD Regional Non-binding Adopted	0
1992 Investment and Export Credit Conference Regional Binding Adopted	0
Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization.	0
♫ With Sarah Connor, set the goal for number one and we hit it ♫ ♫ But now it's Kev, Sim, Drew, Stew, time for a new day ♫ ♫ Ring the alarm, hit 'em on Skype or a two-way ♫ ♫ Sung by the words, we ready to fly! ♫ ♫ Fly baby! Time to leave that nest ♫ ♫ Fly baby! This ain't no time to rest ♫ ♫ Come on fly baby, we got work to do ♫ 	1
The second thing in India has been the change in the role of entrepreneurs. 	1
That is the scale at which technology has liberated and made it accessible. 	1
Indian higher education is completely regulated. 	1
But most important I believe are the ideas we need to anticipate. 	1
WesternEurope : European Union countries, Iceland, Norway and Switzerland.	0
Now, the mathematically-minded will see immediately that T in the numerator increases impact -- a bad thing -- but T in the denominator decreases impact. 	1
3. Some experts commented on existing disciplines in bilateral investment treaties and explored the possibility of additional commitments.	0
  We reckon that we are a bit over halfway to our goal: zero impact, zero footprint. 	1
But the nice thing about visual illusion is we can easily demonstrate mistakes. 	1
Table 1. National regulatory changes, 1991 - 1996 (Number)	0
It basically shows the percentage of people who indicated they would be interested in donating their organs. 	1
There is thus a “wait and see” attitude, and paradoxically, the more dramatic is the policy change, the longer can be the lag.	0
For example, Sweden is all the way on the right, and Denmark, which we think is culturally very similar, is all the way on the left. 	1
An elaborate worldwide public relations campaign can bring business executives into a country, only to have them turn back due to an unwelcoming attitude on the part of a single customs official.	0
Training of officials, institutional and market reforms, public-private sector dialogues and general information activities carried out over a sustained period, are necessary for inculcating a welcoming attitude towards foreign investment.	0
You know, we wake up in the morning and we feel we make decisions. 	1
Yet another approach is to identify gaps in domestic industries, and to target foreign firms which could complement domestic firms through backward and forward linkages, thereby strengthening national technological capabilities and production capacities.	0
Well, the good news is that most physicians in this case decided to pull the patient and try ibuprofen. 	1
In 28 per cent of the countries, screening of investment is performed by another government agency.	0
But it wasn't useless in the sense that it helped people figure out what they wanted. 	1
(a) Survey data show that monetary incentives are a relatively minor factor in the locational decisions of foreign investors relative to other locational advantages, such as market size and growth, production costs, skill levels, political and economic stability and the regulatory framework.	0
She said, "You get the human subjects review board approval for this one." 	1
He told his doctor, who published a case report in a Canadian medical journal under the title, "Sexual Intercourse as a Potential Treatment for Intractable Hiccups." 	1
 I love that because there is like a whole demographic: unattached hiccuppers. 	1
II. ANNOTATIONS TO THE PROVISIONAL AGENDA	0
Marriage-manual author and semen-sniffer Theodoor van De Velde --  has a line in his book. 	1
TD/B/COM.2/ISAR/1 Provisional agenda and annotations	0
Anyway, these women sat in front of an X-ray device. 	1
It reviews best practices used to measure and communicate environmental performance (i.e., EPIs) and how such environmental data are increasingly being used by the financial community to make investment decisions.	0
Why don't you have the farmers do that? 	1
Environmental costs comprise the costs of steps taken, or required to be taken, to manage the environmental impacts of an enterprise’s activity in an environmentally responsible manner, as well as other costs driven by the environmental objectives and requirements of the enterprise.	0
But in the meantime I invite you to imagine the day when we might journey to the Saturnine system, and visit the Enceladus interplanetary geyser park, just because we can. 	1
16. The definition of an asset indicates that where a cost incurred by an enterprise will result in future economic benefits, it would be capitalized and charged to income over the period in which those benefits are expected to be realized.	0
Really the exciting thing about a motorcycle is just the beautiful integration of engineering and design. 	1
Enterprises are frequently required to undertake site restoration once the activity has been completed.	0
32. In most cases, an enterprise will remain primarily liable for the whole of the environmental liability in question such that, if the third party fails to pay for any reason, the entity would have to meet the full cost.	0
 She should not go into banking, for example, or work at a cash register. 	1
Details on how the estimate was arrived at should be disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.	0
Let me ask you a few questions to see if this is a good choice." 	1
In deciding on whether an item of information, or an aggregate of such items, should be disclosed, consideration should be given as to whether the item is material.	0
She studies 12 hours a day for three years to prepare. 	1
(b) the estimated long-term rate of inflation used in computing the liability;	0
This is my first trip, my first foreign trip as a first lady. 	1
With environmental legislation drawing tighter almost everywhere, financial sector stakeholders are beginning to demand improved levels of environmental data.	0
∙ to explore the limitations of the conventional financial reporting model as a vehicle for reporting environmental data;	0
And my brother and I were raised with all that you really need: love, strong values and a belief that with a good education and a whole lot of hard work, that there was nothing that we could not do. 	1
Balance sheet provisions in respect of future clean-up costs	0
You're going to write the next chapter in history. 	1
72. Possibly because of the relative novelty of environmental performance measurement, it appears that there is no one single accepted way of defining or measuring environmental performance.	0
And having done so, these women moved many obstacles. 	1
It exists not only in southern England, but distributed around the world. I'll come to that. 	1
And they go back when their seeds have arrived. 	1
You label them. You do some high-tech things here and there, some low-tech things here and there. 	1
81. The need for improved standards of environmental performance data is not restricted to enterprises based in developed countries, nor is it peculiar to the private sector.	0
Ten percent of all plant species on the planet, 24,000 species are safe; 30,000 species, if we get the funding, by next year. 	1
∙ improvements in key areas since previous report	0
Rhetoric, the art of organizing the world of words to maximum effect. 	1
As is a capacity to discriminate systematically between what is at the core and what is at the periphery. 	1
The borrowers have few assets that can be offered as collateral, transaction costs are high and often repayment obligations cannot be enforced due to political constraints or lack of incentive on the part of bank officials.	0
When we walked through the savanna a thousand years ago we made linear predictions where that animal would be, and that worked fine. It's hardwired in our brains. 	1
17. By improving access by MFIs to international markets, assisting them in meeting the necessary criteria to mobilize such funds and at the same time providing an alternative paradigm to international investors, one can channel funds, in a sustainable manner, from the private sector in the developed world to the private sector in the developing world.	0
And we're going to do it again in the next 25 years. 	1
20. The programme’s main objective is to facilitate investment in microfinance by private investors. This is seen as indispensable for the long-term sustainability of the microcredit market and in reaching the millions living in poverty.	0
In 1950s they were shrinking vacuum tubes, making them smaller and smaller. They finally hit a wall; they couldn't shrink the vacuum tube any more and keep the vacuum. 	1
You can buy half a billion today, and they are actually better, because they are faster. 	1
Spatial resolution of brain scanning is doubling every year. 	1
39. This has important consequences for trade and development. In particular, it offers unprecedented possibilities to revisit the concept of an international division of labour based on the theory of comparative advantages.	0
Like for example, applying the Internet, which is now ubiquitous, in the rural areas of China or in Africa, to bringing health information to developing areas of the world. 	1
40. As the analytical work on trade efficiency developed, it became clear that it would have significant consequences at the policy level.	0
The first six tracks here -- artificial intelligence, advanced computing technologies, biotechnology, nanotechnology -- are the different core areas of information technology. 	1
Since its creation in the early 1980s, the ASYCUDA system has evolved towards a fully integrated open system for customs management and reform.	0
And you know how coral are very sensitive to temperature, and are very important for the biodiversity of the sea. 	1
In the early 1990s, when the Trade Efficiency programme was ready to be launched, many developing countries and economies in transition were faced with very uncertain prospects regarding the structures of their economies (e.g. in Eastern and Central Europe) and their potential role in international trade (the conclusion of the Uruguay Round was still uncertain).	0
One human of six have not enough to eat in the world. 	1
Trade Points have a practical set of objectives: they should: (1) allow the enhancement of local awareness (in government and in the business community) of the potential for trade efficiency and international competitiveness of better business practices and adequate use of information technologies; (2) contribute to the lowering of transaction costs for local importers and exporters, in particular by offering a "single window" for trade procedures and low-cost tools for participating in information-intensive sectors of international trade such as electronic commerce; and (3) promote the adoption of internationally recognized norms and standards for trade transactions and trade-related documentation.	0
But how to understand the world without the voice of people? 	1
2. Legal dimensions of the Trade Point programme	0
13th Man: After seven years now of being in a wheelchair, I've done more in life being in a chair than out of a chair. 	1
Similar Trade Point Fora providing a permanent structure for cooperation and discussion are expected to be established in other regions in the near future.	0
The name of the movie is "Home" -- "Maison." 	1
The fear that this will happen is growing, and it is in that context in particular that the protection of the "Trade Point", "Global Trade Point Network (GTPNet)", and "Electronic Trading Opportunities (ETO)" names and logos has become even more relevant.	0
Fishing, breeding, farming are still the world's foremost human occupations. 	1
In addition, given the budgetary constraints, the work of the other agencies is publicized during most trade-efficiency-related missions.	0
For example, workshops have already been organized and a project document is currently being finalized with the participation of UNCTAD and Trade Points in the countries concerned on the establishment of an Intra-CIS/Baltic States Trade Information Network (ICTIN).	0
The film is going to be distributed free. 	1
(d) Types of enterprises and trading partners by country 7	0
(d) Business practices/trade facilitation 11	0
3. The expected output of the trade efficiency assessment 23	0
The Commission instructed UNCTAD to pursue its work in formulating an analytical and methodological basis on which a trade efficiency assessment exercise could be organized“Report of the Commission on Enterprise, Business Facilitation and Development on its first session” (TD/B/44/2 - TD/B/COM.3/4), annex II.	0
UNCTAD’s Science, Technology and Innovation Review (STIP) and Investment Policy Review (IPR)(see boxes 2 and 3) will serve as valuable sources of information for TEAM.	0
The reports by the secretariat have four chapters: first, the economic environment of the Member, second, the trade and investment policy framework, third, trade policies and practices by measure, and fourth, sectoral trade policies and practices.	0
The report written by the Government usually presents the country in the multilateral system, then the main trade policy developments for the overed period and the future direction (development) of the trade policy.	0
All empires, by definition, are bumbling, shambolic, bullying, bureaucratic affairs, as certain of the rightness of their cause in infancy, as they are corrupted by power in their dotage. 	1
(c) Strengthening the technological infrastructure.	0
For example, countries with a small population or a low per capita income would provide different sets of obstacles and opportunities for traders than would a country with a large population or a much higher per capita income.	0
But it's interesting to me. I love to write historical verse. 	1
Certain government departments administering cumbersome procedures may feel that their role will be diminished as a result of improved efficiencies.	0
Our natures haven't changed a single iota. 	1
Depending on the destination or origin of the goods and the mode of transport being used, traders are likely to express a variety of opinions with regard to the cost, trade efficiency and ease of access of transport services.	0
And there on the table we took her, in turns. 	1
The degree to which Internet services are available in a country is becoming important in order for traders to make use of electronic commerce.	0
The extent to which a sector is efficient can be measured by using indicators specific to that sector or by soliciting perceptions from players working within the sector and from those in the other sectors.	0
So it was a big idea. We wanted to reduce that by 80 percent, which is exactly what we've done. 	1
Approval of the assessment would be subject to funding being made available for the project.	0
In part, we have the legacy of Freud, who was a pessimist, who said that pursuit of happiness is a doomed quest, is propelled by infantile aspects of the individual that can never be met in reality. 	1
I. Recommendations adopted by the Expert Meeting . 2	0
In the 1950s, Olds and Milner put electrodes into the brain of a rat. 	1
This in turn requires an adequate legal and procedural basis, as well as a proper system of guarantees.	0
5. The Expert Meeting benefited from the presentation by the representative of the Commission of the European Union on the computerization of their transit procedures (NCTS - New Computerized Transit System).	0
So one of the things is that it really takes over. 	1
The implementation of guaranteeing systems was particularly difficult.	0
But very similarly, the only one that survived there was happiness. 	1
7. Experts noted the great benefit of knowing the accurate location of goods during the course of their journey for advance planning for both the traders and the transport operators.	0
The use of tracking systems to cover road and rail transport would be very beneficial to many developing countries as well as developed countries.	0
And Rilke, "If your daily life seems poor, do not blame it; blame yourself. 	1
So of course, in reality, we were then panicked, being the biologists, and we should know this already. 	1
Now mostly tails limit maneuverability, like this human inside this dinosaur suit. 	1
Video: Myhrvold thinks tail-cracking dinosaurs were interested in love, not war. 	1
It has an active tail that functions as a fifth leg, and it contributes to stability. 	1
And what would happen if they climbed on the underside of that leaf, and there was some wind, or we shook it? 	1
And we did that experiment, that you see here. 	1
But then as it gets closer to the tree, look at the close-up. And see if you can see it land. 	1
14. UNCTAD should review the coherence between trade and micro policies and its impact on SMEs.	0
So they took their money and their projects to others who would serve them better. 	1
I had fun again, I worked harder and, to cut a long story short, did all the things that took me back up to success. 	1
Factors contributing to this bias are the larger firms’ greater economic and political influence (which is in part a consequence of their larger individual contribution to corporate taxes) and the greater influence they command in umbrella organisations such as chambers of commerce.	0
And of course we had our human habitat, where we lived. 	1
This integration is of particular importance in developing countries, and especially in LDCs, where the majority of SMEs operate in the informal sector.	0
Policy coherence implies not only the design of coherent policies but also clarity and consistency in their implementation, as well as an adequate response from the private sector.	0
And then also we had the human habitat of course, with the laboratories, and all of that. 	1
By developing the necessary physical infrastructure, knowledge and skills, as well as providing appropriate incentives, the Government can help to promote innovative capacity and structural change in the economy.	0
I literally was eating the same carbon over and over again. 	1
We were taking their biomass, storing them in the basement, growing plants, going around, around, around, trying to take all of that carbon out of the atmosphere. 	1
16. Consistency between national and local government policy is best achieved within an overall framework for SME development.	0
We were trying to stop carbon from going into the atmosphere. 	1
The lack of coordination between government departments and ministries and local governments was illustrated in one country where there are 45 programmes at the federal level and a number of programmes at state and local levels.	0
We stopped irrigating our soil, as much as we could. 	1
The subject of enterprise development has stimulated much donor interest.	0
Experiences indicated that increased public/private-sector partnership and/or cooperation is preferable.	0
And nothing else emerged that really was as serious as that. 	1
And the day I came out of Biosphere 2, I was thrilled I was going to see all my family and my friends. 	1
The model is a good example of successful institutional public/private-sector cooperation involving political, social and economic actors for creating an environment conducive to enterprise development.	0
And one of the things we did was try to figure out: how small can you make these biospheres, and what can you do with them? 	1
It relies on an intensive networking process, involving private business networks and social and public networks, including academia.	0
And so we sent one onto the Mir Space Station. 	1
34. Certain types of indirect support services provided by the private sector are not generally thought of as business support.	0
And all of it was coming from this: shrimp farms. 	1
The experience of SEBRAE in Brazil is an example of a professional institution which keeps itself informed of its clients’ needs and the effectiveness of its service delivery.	0
There are only four periods in the last 500 years where media has changed enough to qualify for the label "revolution." 	1
This thing that looks like a peacock hit a windscreen is Bill Cheswick's map of the Internet. 	1
It's still changing patterns even among groups who know how to deal with the Internet well. 	1
And because of those four characteristics they are able to filter it as it comes into the country. 	1
And so now the Chinese government, who for a dozen years, has quite successfully filtered the web, is now in the position of having to decide whether to allow or shut down entire services, because the transformation to amateur media is so enormous that they can't deal with it any other way. 	1
2. The Economic Commission for Europe, the Economic Commission for Africa, and the United Nations Institute for Training and Research were represented at the meeting.	0
5. The following non-governmental organizations were represented at the meeting:	0
And I don't mean most imaginative use in politics -- I mean most imaginative use ever. 	1
That's the media environment we've got. 	1
Experts from Mexico, Pakistan, China, Finland and the United States raised questions on the services offered under the Trade Point Programme, its legal framework, UNCTAD’s role, financial aspects of Trade Points and private/public-sector involvement.	0
And you have some guy that you're not quite sure what's wrong with him -- Oliver Sacks is going to be born way in the future. 	1
19. A presentation was made of an example of an electronic payment system (Digicash), which allowed experts to understand how such a system works in practice.	0
Judging by the healing on the borders of these holes, they lived days, months, years following trephination. 	1
And so here you see him doing a lithotomy. 	1
And there are some reasons, some good reasons. 	1
So we had to ask the question, "Well how do we fix that?" 	1
But it's all coming in through one incision. 	1
Eastern Caribbean States Export Development Agency	0
The five Vice-Chairmen shall therefore be distributed as follows: 2 from List A and C combined; 2 from List B; and 1 from List D.	0
Part C provides information on SME research institutions and support agencies which might lead to the establishment of a database with a view to achieving better coordination in SME research and related technical cooperation activities.	0
That's enormous. That's like a whole set of different IQ points. 	1
Because of their substantive implications, points (1) and (4) are addressed in greater detail.	0
TD/B/COM.3/10 "Services infrastructure for development and Trade Efficiency"	0
We're going to call them "future-oriented." Their focus is on what will be. 	1
40 percent of all post-conflict situations, historically, have reverted back to conflict within a decade. 	1
(a) Channels for Government-private sector dialogue	0
And so the mentality has to shift from zero-sum to positive-sum before you can get a productive politics. 	1
In Hungary, efforts are under way to create an Entrepreneurship Development Council on which representatives from ministries, chambers of commerce, business associations and individual experts will serve with a view to advising the Government on creating enabling commercial and legal frameworks for SME development.	0
It needs to be a decade-long approach, rather than just a couple of years. 	1
In other instances SMEs have been able to establish effective subcommittees within umbrella organizations.	0
Why? Because during conflict economic policy typically deteriorates. 	1
Until recently there has been a lack of awareness of the need for coherent policies for SME development.	0
The achievement of policy coherence in the interest of enterprise development may sometimes lead to conflicts with other policy goals, thus distracting from the principal objective of SME development.	0
So that's idea one: recognize interdependence. 	1
Similarly, the provision of government-funded support services to enterprises may compromise, at least temporarily, budgetary discipline.	0
And now let me turn to the second approach, which is complimentary. 	1
Such conflicts could be resolved by careful policy analysis and policy design.	0
And that is to focus on a few critical objectives. 	1
In this sense, the Government of Egypt is planning to grant tax exemptions to banks which provide loans to SMEs.	0
And indeed, unfortunately, if you navigate by needs you get a very unfocused agenda, because in these situations, needs are everywhere, but the capacity to implement change is very limited. 	1
Over the same period, however, the share of Central and Eastern European firms decreased by half.	0
You can use yardstick competition, so they have to compete against each other for the resources. 	1
The ITC’s recently launched International Competitiveness Programme for SMEs (ICPS) will meet the technical assistance needs of SMEs in developing countries and economies in transition through the Network of National Multiplier Organizations in the private and public sectors.	0
So we can look to these innovators to help us remember that if we can leverage even a small amount of the capital that seeks a return, the good that can be driven could be astonishing. 	1
Inter-agency cooperation has become a notable feature of UNCTAD activities for the promotion of SMEs, entrepreneurship and private sector development and diversification.	0
That's because our ability to confront the problems that we face has not kept pace with our ability to create them. 	1
In the area of investment promotion, UNIDO and UNCTAD were the joint hosts for an international conference on privatization and investment held in Geneva in which 200 businessmen participated along with Uzbek government officials.	0
A month ago today I stood there: 90 degrees south, the top of the bottom of the world, the Geographic South Pole. 	1
Our journey did not, in fact, begin at Hercules Inlet, where frozen ocean meets the land of Antarctica. 	1
The deliberations of the Expert Meeting under this substantive item are expected to help the Commission to draw lessons from country experiences and to identify "best practices" that can contribute to the improvement of the policy and institutional environment for enterprise development, particularly for SMEs.	0
Success is in the doing, and failures are celebrated and analyzed. 	1
And I think, when I listen to these incredible people here, I've been so inspired -- so many incredible ideas, so many visions. 	1
III. Government-private sector interaction 14 - 43	0
Anything that has been made can be made better. 	1
Such cooperative arrangements combine the benefits of both clustering and networking.	0
However, in many developing countries and economies in transition, contacts between the government and the private sector are often informal, spontaneous, partial or unstructured.	0
They connect themselves into various sources, into a kind of complex vector matrix that isn't really frontal but is really embedded in the lives, and in the history of a city, and of a people. 	1
Similarly, without creating business and consumer confidence by restoring fiscal control, the use of incentives to stimulate entrepreneurship and business start-ups may not be enough.	0
It's about carving out a space for trees. 	1
But the government-private sector dialogue in the country may need to be further strengthened, particularly with regard to the formulation of policy frameworks for enterprise development, investment, trade and finance.	0
And it is about the dirty word "compromise." Compromise is not bad. 	1
Which mechanisms have proved to be successful, which ones have been a failure?	0
And Ground Zero, despite all its difficulties, it's moving forward. 	1
To what extent can their approach provide lessons for other countries?	0
IV. Support mechanisms and services for SMEs	0
Charles and Ray were a team. They were husband and wife. 	1
South Africa, on the other hand, created a national SME promotion agency and combined national structures with a nationwide network of provincial bodies for consultations with the private sector and the provision of SME support services.	0
They also practiced a clown act when the future of furniture was not nearly as auspicious as it turned out to be. 	1
Likewise, SEBRAE of Brazil, a partially publicly-funded but privately-run institution, has also been able to raise funds from employers and users.	0
48. In other countries, SME support agencies operate as part of a Ministry, such as the Small Industry Support Programme in Indonesia, the Industrial Development Board in Sri Lanka, and the Indigenous Business Advisory Service in Gambia.	0
Institutions most commonly providing such services might be business associations established by groups of enterprises, professional societies in fields such as accounting or engineering, ad hoc organizations established jointly by government agencies and business groups, and international organizations.	0
And this is a model that they did of that seven-screen presentation. 	1
Other measures in China include the simplification of registration procedures for commercial and industrial enterprises and the relaxation of State controls on mineral resources (for example, coal).	0
So I've always liked this prototype picture. 	1
Even where such support programmes are intended for all enterprises, as in Singapore, they started as SME-targeted programmes; the coverage has been widened by raising the eligibility threshold because of the need to respond to the requirements of growing local enterprises.	0
Here's a film we've been hearing things about. 	1
Since voucher holders are able to exercise a choice, the training institutes are obliged to become more responsive to their needs.	0
69. Based on concrete country experience, the discussion may focus on the following issues:	0
(d) Targeted support to microenterprises is often provided in terms of, for example, help for preparing business plans or for improving their access to finance.	0
Video: Kymaerica with waterfalls, tumbling through our -- ED: This is one of the traditional Kymaerican songs. 	1
Section III - The new dynamics of international trade 12	0
If you're up the scale a little bit more, why, a brass thali. 	1
And the guys that have not only means, but a certain amount of knowledge and understanding, go to the next step, and they eat off a banana leaf. 	1
presence of Geneva permanent missions on the World Wide Web 23	0
And I really think that's where we are. 	1
We're only going to talk about three of them. 	1
As trade in services (and, in particular, information-intensive services) increases, and as trade in both goods and services becomes itself more dependent on international information flows, telecommunications play an increasingly important role in the process of globalization of international trade.	0
And the third is to augment memory by creating a visual persistence. 	1
GrameenPhone is a premium-priced cellular telephony (GSM) offering for individuals and business in Bangladesh’s urban centres and has about 4,000 subscribers.	0
So how did a Cambodian family end up in Vietnam in 1977? 	1
Proceeds from the telephone service can then be used to pay back the bank loans.	0
Another important issue worth considering in this area is that of the “modes of delivery”, mentioned in the General Agreement on Trade in Services (GATS), which is part of the Uruguay Round package.	0
And I got word last month that the complaint was officially accepted by the Khmer Rouge Tribunal. 	1
General Electric is saving a fortune by buying $1 billion-worth of goods from its suppliers online.	0
I mean I could immediately tap into an immune response that was already there, where it was not going to take five or six days to develop it -- it was going to immediately attack whatever this thing was on. 	1
Source: “A survey of Electronic Commerce”, The Economist 10 May 1997.	0
So I might be doing something dumb, just like he was doing at the time. 	1
So you can find a little feature on a bacterium that you don't like, like Staphylococcus -- I don't like it in particular, because it killed a professor friend of mine last year. 	1
Depending on the infrastructure and equipment available locally, individuals and enterprises can access electronic mail, text files (through file transfer protocol, ftp) or multimedia documents (through hypertext transfer protocol, http) on the World Wide Web (WWW).	0
That's a bunch of mice that had been poisoned by our scientist friends down in Texas, at Brooks Air Base, with anthrax. 	1
“Visa and MasterCard, the two biggest credit-card clubs, are working together on a technology called Secure Electronic Transaction (SET) that could make credit cards safer on the Internet than they are in the physical world.	0
California is basically the equivalent of Europe, in this. 	1
Part III describes existing cooperation between UNCTAD and those international organizations with which UNCTAD has actively collaborated in recent years.	0
As we have more and more old people, like me, and fewer and fewer babies. 	1
6. These issues are multi-faceted and call for a holistic approach that goes beyond individual sectors to include their interactions and interlinkages.	0
8. The potential of these paragraphs could well be examined so as to promote cooperation and avoid duplication.	0
So far there is only three sources of baseload electricity: coal, some gas, nuclear and hydro. 	1
(g) An inter-agency Task force on trade efficiency comprising UNCTAD, ITC and ECE meets bi-monthly.	0
I should say, it is more practical than people think. 	1
(d) to generate trade-supporting services in developing countries, particularly the least developed countries and the countries in transition, especially for informal sectors and micro, small and medium-sized enterprises, so as to increase trade efficiency;	0
It doesn't really tell you what you're looking at. 	1
So art, in that sense, I think holds an incredible relevance in the world in which we're moving into, particularly right now. 	1
UNCTAD provides inputs to annual reports prepared under the leadership of DESIPA to the Second Committee of the General Assembly and to the Economic and Social Council (recurrent reports: external debt, net flows and transfer of resources between developing and developed countries, global financial integration, and integration of economies in transition into the world economy; non-recurrent publications: various, depending upon the agenda).	0
Collaboration in the area of trade efficiency was facilitated by the initial location of UNCTAD́s Trade Point Development Centre (UNTPDC) in Bangkok.	0
There is also extensive cooperation as regards trade and transport issues, including cooperation on rehabilitation of trade among the CIS countries and improving transport and transit-transport in Eastern Europe and Central Asia.	0
So we've been looking at this: the interaction of genes, what's called epigenetic effects, brain damage, and environment, and how these are tied together. 	1
UNCTAD regularly attends ECE meetings organized by its Transport Division, and helped organize two seminars on containerization.	0
69. Administrative Committee on Coordination (ACC).	0
I said, "What the hell are you talking about?" 	1
77. League of Arab States (LAS) (G.A. res. 49/14 and 50/16).	0
 We started to do PET scans, EEGs and genetic analysis to see where the bad news is. 	1
82. Other regional and subregional organizations.	0
"Light will be thrown on the origin of man and his history." 	1
A coordinated approach between the three organizations would be particularly useful in the areas of customs reforms and standardization which could lead to a significant reduction of international trade transaction costs.	0
Now, one of the wonderful things that NASA does is it puts up a variety of satellites that detect all sort of interesting things about our environment. 	1
All these activities are expected to continue and in some cases intensify over the medium-term future.	0
The final decision of the Conference with respect to the involvement of NGOs in UNCTAD's activities is included in paragraphs 117, 118 and 119 of the Midrand Declaration.	0
So people inhabiting northern hemispheric environments were bereft of the potential to make vitamin D in their skin for most of the year. 	1
97. International Association of Ports and Harbours (IAPH) has given strong support to the four intergovernmental meetings of port experts organized by UNCTAD and has contributed since 1983 to the UNCTAD series of Monographs on Port Management.	0
A remarkable, remarkable testament to the power of evolution. 	1
2. The strategy sets out the operational activities of UNCTAD that address the practical problems of trade and development in an era of globalization and liberalization.	0
You don't have to think about some exotic examples, or fossils. 	1
So another challenge for our generation is to create global institutions that reflect our ideas of fairness and responsibility, not the ideas that were the basis of the last stage of financial development over these recent years. 	1
One of the reasons why we might be suffering is that we are surrounded by snobs. 	1
1. Chief of Programme Planning and Assessment (Chairman of the task force)	0
3. Jamaica (Latin American and Caribbean Group)	0
The first kind tells you, "You can do it! You can make it! Anything's possible!" 	1
So that's another way in which something quite positive can have a nasty kickback. 	1
The Board approved the theme of the high-level segment of its forty-fourth session (i.e. “Globalization, competition, competitiveness and development”) and the date of the high-level segment, i.e. 23 October 1997.	0
Everybody, all politicians on Left and Right, agree that meritocracy is a great thing, and we should all be trying to make our societies really, really meritocratic. 	1
(b) Report of the Joint UNCTAD/IMO Intergovernmental Group of Experts on Maritime Liens and Mortgages and Related Subjects on its ninth session	0
That is an unknown part of them, and we shouldn't behave as though it is known. 	1
2. Segment for high-level participation: Globalization, competition, competitiveness and development	0
I wanted to see how they would seize the bare bones of certain stories, if they came in as a news item at the news desk on a Saturday afternoon. 	1
(b) Administrative and financial implications of the actions of the Board	0
It would be insane to call Hamlet a loser. 	1
And we also suck in messages from everything from the television, to advertising, to marketing, etc. 	1
The report will include information on the topics to be discussed at the meeting and the outcome the Secretary-General expects from it, as well as on participants, format, place and dates.	0
Since early 1992, ten African countries have benefited from this assistance programme: Benin, Burundi, Ghana, Guinea, Kenya, Nigeria, Senegal, Uganda, United Republic of Tanzania and Zimbabwe.	0
So each person is looking at the looking of everyone else before them. 	1
9. In the light of the close relationship between this section and section (f), the relevant information is contained under section (f) below.	0
So that's this kind of recursive observation system. 	1
page 4 was an assessment of enterprise-level partnerships and collaboration in three countries: Ghana, Uganda and Zimbabwe.	0
In this case, the Opto-Isolator is blinking in response to one's own blinks. 	1
These activities were supported and complemented by TRAINS (Trade Analysis and Information System) and SMART (System for Market Analysis and Restrictions on Trade), the latter being a joint product with the World Bank.	0
It is expected that this programme will move to the operational phase by the summer of 1997.	0
Now 50 years ago, that was a laughably simple question. 	1
34. UNCTAD has recently completed two volumes of the World Investment Directory, one of which is devoted to Africa (to be issued as a United Nations publication, Sales No.E.97.II.A.1).	0
Professor Tobias came over from South Africa and spoke to University College London. 	1
These reviews assess the overall regulatory regime and its efficiency in attracting investment and maximizing the benefits of such investment.	0
He said what scientists do when a paradigm fails is, guess what -- they carry on as if nothing had happened. 	1
Non-governmental organizations in the special category were requested to reply and give their preferences on reclassification by 15 November 1996, failing which the secretariat would make its own proposal to the Board based on the organization's past classification and its likely areas of interest in the work of the new Commissions.	0
In this connection the organization shall provide the necessary evidence that it is concerned with matters falling within the terms of the functions which devolve upon the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD) under General Assembly resolution 1995 (XIX) of 30 December 1964.	0
9. An international organization which is a member of a committee or of a group composed of international organizations which has already been included in the list provided for in rule 77 shall not normally be included in the list.This text should be deleted if it is decided to admit an affiliate of an international organization.	0
And Nelson is stuck studying under the streetlights. 	1
1. The Bureau shall meet upon the recommendation of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD whenever matters falling within the terms of rule 77 must be considered.	0
So if you give just to one side or the other, you'll have tension or friction. 	1
It's not just that the rules are bad because the government is too strong and oppressive, as in North Korea. 	1
This next chart looks at more recent data. 	1
IAW International Alliance of Women XVI(I)	0
If you try to change the rules in the nation, you can't give some people a chance to hold back, see how things turn out, and let others zoom ahead and try the new rules. 	1
IOE International Organization of Employers II	0
Some of my citizens will move into that city as well. 	1
OATUU Organization of African Trade Union Unity XVI(I)	0
They also totally get the idea that in some instances they can make more credible promises to long-term investors -- the kind of investors who will come build the port, build the roads, in a new city -- they can make more credible promises if they do it along with a partner nation. 	1
WAFUNIF World Association of Former United Nations Interns and Fellows XXVII	0
If you move the dots down to the bottom of the rectangle you can see that the cities for the existing three billion urban residents take up only three percent of the arable land on earth. 	1
WG 8 Ad Hoc Working Group on Trading Opportunities in the New International Trading Context	0
We can share ideas with other people, and when they discover them, they share with us. 	1
TDB session at which designated as NGO in status with UNCTAD Acronym Organization Former classi-fication	0
Let's have a system where we have ownership of land that is registered in a government office, that people can pledge as collateral. 	1
And then she said -- grabbed me like that, because my mother was quite big -- and she lifted me up and she says, "How come you're not at school?" 	1
And how I set about that, I got some splinters of wood. 	1
And then he said, "But I don't believe that you can do this." So I said, "OK." 	1
International Union for Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources	0
So after I've done the same thing, then I have to paint it. 	1
Even though they get on our nerves, I would never kill an insect because, "All creatures great and small" -- there is a hymn that says that. 	1
This one took me approximately, I would say, six to seven weeks. 	1
And the spider's web is for the reins on the horse. 	1
I. Decision adopted by the Working Party at the first part of its twenty-ninth session	0
For UNCTAD, publications represented an essential component of the organization’s strategy for promoting the integration of the developing countries into the world economy, and the Secretary-General attached the highest importance to UNCTAD’s publication programme.	0
And I normally rig it with the web of a money spider. 	1
Concerning assistance to the Palestinian people, the Secretary-General of UNCTAD had given assurances that work on that issue would continue, and the proposed programme budget provided no evidence to the contrary.	0
And I've got a gift here from a friend of mine's rabbit. 	1
5. Provisional agenda for the thirty-first session of the Working Party	0
Traditionally, in a crisis, what do we do? 	1
The secretariat also agreed to provide, in the near future, additional resource-use information on the members of the secretariat and their responsibility and on the individual activities of each division.	0
1. The information provided by the secretariat showed significant savings in the 1998-1999 biennium as compared to the 1996-1997 and 1994-1995 biennia.	0
And one time he came up to me -- he was about seven or eight years old -- he came up to me. 	1
This beetle, unlike this chip bag here, this beetle uses one material, chitin. 	1
I should be grateful if the contents of this Note could be placed formally on record and brought to the attention of other member States of UNCTAD.	0
Nature has been doing that for a long time. 	1
And inside those balls life, over 3.8 billion years, has made a lush, livable place for us. 	1
I'm doing this because of an old lady in my village now, who have lost her children. 	1
I am happy to see that nowadays there is practically no international organization, not only in the United Nations system but also outside it, that is not actively seeking ways of integrating the civil society.	0
I hardly need to remind you that, independently of my proposal, Mr. Kofi Annan has stated the importance that he attaches to this question in the context of his plans for the reform and revitalization of the United Nations.	0
(b) A development-conscious society: Communication and development partners could examine the role of socially responsible media in economic development.	0
And so I made a commitment. I say, "I'm gonna not eat my breakfast." 	1
21. I would also like to thank publicly the Mayor of Lyon, Mr. Raymond Barre, former Prime Minister of France, for his support for this initiative.	0
She said the only way to help Sudan is to invest in the women, educating them, educating the children, so that they could come and create a revolution in this complex society. 	1
International Investment Arrangements: The Development Dimension”, Fez, 19-20 June 1997.	0
STATEMENT BY THE UNCTAD SENIOR LEGAL ADVISOR ON NON-GOVERNMENTAL ORGANIZATIONS	0
Part A includes revised draft articles for a convention on arrest of ships, and part B contains draft final clauses prepared by the secretariats on the basis of the final provisions of the 1993 International Convention on Maritime Liens and Mortgages (1993 MLM Convention).	0
(l) goods, materials, provisions, bunkers, equipment (including containers) or services supplied to the ship for its operation or maintenance;	0
Answer: It took them, on average, three and a half minutes longer. 	1
(t) any dispute between co-owners of the ship as to the employment or earnings of the ship;	0
(1) A ship may be arrested or released from arrest only by or under the authority of a Court of the Contracting State in which the arrest is made.	0
I spent the last couple of years looking at the science of human motivation, particularly the dynamics of extrinsic motivators and intrinsic motivators. 	1
(1) Where in any State a ship has already been arrested and released or security in respect of that ship has already been given to secure a maritime claim, that ship shall not thereafter be rearrested or arrested in respect of the same maritime claim unless:	0
(a) the nature or amount of the security already obtained in respect of the same claim is inadequate, provided that the aggregate amount of security may not exceed the value of the ship;.	0
Okay? I'm a lawyer; I don't believe in feelings. 	1
(b) has refused to exercise jurisdiction in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (2) of this article,	0
(1) This Convention shall apply to any seagoing ship within the jurisdiction of any State party, whether or not that ship is flying the flag of a State Party..	0
Training ground for great economic thinkers like George Soros, and Friedrich Hayek, and Mick Jagger.  Last month, just last month, economists at LSE looked at 51 studies of pay-for-performance plans, inside of companies. 	1
It doesn't mean it's going to work forever. 	1
(v) the receipt of any texts communicated in accordance with article E;	0
This is the Ali-Frazier of motivation, right? 	1
The support of the international community has played an important role in this effort.	0
Think about it. Whether that's you in that picture or something under your desk. 	1
In South Africa, measures have included the development of a through-invoicing system for railway traffic and the introduction of a Regional Rolling Stock Information System (RSIS).	0
And if you can bring another device close enough to the source, that will only work at exactly that frequency, you can actually get them to do what's called strongly couple, and transfer magnetic energy between them. 	1
With regard to the former, there are still serious problems of implementation, and cumbersome cross-border procedures continue to lead to significant delays.	0
But who is going to want to plug them in? 	1
The dry ports in Kenya near the Ugandan border have also greatly facilitated the movement of Ugandan and Rwandan transit cargo.	0
Clearly this problem needs to be revisited and addressed.	0
Then the developing countries applied soap and water, vaccination. 	1
The recent initiatives by the World Bank have included assistance to enhance port performance in Mombasa and improve management practices in support of the institutional reforms under way.	0
There is a growing perception that interventionist policies have hindered progress in improving the efficiency of transit operations and the quality of services and contributed to the high cost of transportation.	0
And what has happened in the world, I will show now. 	1
Whereas China could get healthy much earlier, because they applied the knowledge of education, nutrition, and then also benefits of penicillin and vaccines and family planning. 	1
Competition with other modes of transport and privatization of some railway services should also be encouraged.	0
Monitoring of the implementation of inter-railway bilateral and subregional agreements should be strengthened in such key areas as payment procedures for equipment hired and services provided in exchange, standardization of railway equipment, maintenance of wagons and arbitration procedures.	0
We could actually go to Mayflower to Eisenhower, and that would be put together into a developing world, which is rightly growing its cities in a very amazing way, which have great entrepreneurs, but also have the collapsing countries. 	1
Other areas that need to receive continued attention are the adoption of subregional instruments related to motor vehicle liability insurance, carriers' liability, international customs systems and common standards with regard to road safety, vehicle and driver testing, road permits and driver licensing.	0
And here were are. We have a continuum in the world. 	1
Help arrange consultative meetings at the subregional level between land-locked and neighbouring transit countries designed to review the implementation of existing bilateral and subregional cooperative arrangements and adjust them to changing transit situations as appropriate; .	0
And it is the DHS that makes it possible to know this. 	1
The United States has not been so eager to use MDG 4. 	1
TD/B/LDC/AC.1/9 Provisional agenda and annotations	0
7. The Meeting may wish to adopt recommendations or conclusions at the end of the session.	0
Singapore had twice the child mortality of Sweden. 	1
7. In the light of these developments, and acting on behalf of the Secretary-General of the United Nations, he had convened the Meeting in order that the Governments concerned could decide to put the Agreement into force provisionally or definitively among themselves in whole or in part.	0
It's as lavish and intricate as it is simple and minimal. 	1
The distinction between the provisional and the definitive entry into force of the Agreement had no legal implications for the application of the Agreement or for the operation of the International Natural Rubber Organization.	0
It's as much about bringing new disciplines inside this box as it is about taking theater out of its box. 	1
The predecessor agreements had achieved a marked degree of price stability in the market.	0
I've worked as a doctor clown in a hospital for two years. 	1
And that this mass extinction was taking place with very few people noticing and even fewer caring. 	1
[17 November 1998]Originally issued in an advance version as document A/51/15 (Vol.	0
We have two rolls of the dice to get this right. 	1
We have to get climate-ready crops in the field, and we have to do that rather quickly. 	1
Report of the Trade and Development Board on its thirteenth executive session	0
If you want to conserve seed for a long term and you want to make it available to plant breeders and researchers, you dry it and then you freeze it. 	1
2. Issue of coordination and cooperation between UNCTAD and relevant international organizations . 54	0
And if crops don't adapt to climate change, neither will agriculture, neither will we. 	1
In the course of the session, the Board held seven plenary meetings - the 875th to 881st meetings.	0
They also have an estimate of around a billion. 	1
At its ninth session, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development had decided, in paragraph 107 (c) of its report entitled "A Partnership for Growth and Development" (A/51/308), that the regular session of the Board "will be convened in one part in autumn for approximately 10 working days".	0
But in fact, I would argue that we've just done an experiment here and now, which shows us that the global need for corrective eyewear is around half of any population. 	1
8. The representative of France pointed out that, whereas the provisional agendas for Commissions 2 and 3 made appropriate reference to the least developed countries, annotations for Commission 1 made no such reference.	0
I started working on it in 1985, and it's been evolving very slowly. 	1
(a) With regard to item 2 (Segment for high-level participation; substantive policy item: foreign direct investment and development in a globalizing world economy), the one-day, informal, high-level segment would take place on 10 October 1996.	0
It's hard to believe that it's less than a year since the extraordinary moment when the finance, the credit, which drives our economies froze. 	1
3. Having taken note of the above understandings, the Trade and Development Board approved the draft provisional agenda for its forty-third session submitted by the President of the Board (TD/B/EX(13)/L.1) (see annex III).	0
I've been a civil servant, and I've been in charge of policy for this guy as well. 	1
1. The President recalled that the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget had held its twenty-seventh session from 17 to 19 June 1996 to review the proposed United Nations medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001.	0
5. The Trade and Development Board took note of the report of the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget on its twenty-seventh session and of the statements made thereon.	0
Regarding the Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities (Commission 1), his Group considered that the trade and environment issues were well focused and would lead to good results.	0
They often lead to the acceleration of much-needed reforms. 	1
6. The Asian Group also wished to voice its concern regarding the divergent views on the UNCTAD year.	0
Surely, we should be giving the money to entrepreneurs, to civil society, for people able to create the new, not to the big, well-connected companies, big, clunky government programs. 	1
That had meant increased reliance on food imports to stave off famine.	0
We know we can't go back to where we were before the crisis. 	1
Underpinning the Union's consideration of the calendar were the time constraints placed on the intergovernmental machinery and the consequent need to have a calendar which made optimum use of the time available.	0
It's already immersed in social networks. 	1
To some extent, however, the concerns of Norway had been met and his delegation considered that there was now a useful basis for the first sessions of the three Commissions.	0
To facilitate the discussion, the report on this item summarizes the information in the World Investment Report 1996.	0
Highly dangerous, but also you'll notice it doesn't look as though I'm wearing anything underneath the suit. 	1
The car on the left drove into the steel pillar. 	1
And this is a Guinness World Record attempt. 	1
So what I am about to say must be taken as another contribution to this dialogue, allowing us to reflect on the outcome of the dialogue and to go forward.	0
Mr. Monty Graham and many other speakers in this meeting have highlighted this issue.	0
The challenge, I believe, that faces us is how do we accommodate the differential impacts and the diversity without then talking past one another.	0
Trying to find a space suit to do this that I never really expected when I set about doing this. 	1
I contacted a company in the States who make suits for NASA. 	1
B. Interdependence and global economic issues from a trade and development perspective: rethinking development	0
Most delegations expressed satisfaction that its analysis of global interdependence issues from a development perspective reflected the consensus reached at the ninth session of UNCTAD.	0
And it doesn't look far different when it's inflated, as you can see from the picture down there. 	1
Most of the time, art and science stare at each other across a gulf of mutual incomprehension. 	1
The operations might not involve less conditionality for the participating debtor countries.	0
3. The Board also noted the efforts of the international community to support African efforts through, inter alia, debt relief, extension of trade preferences, export compensatory mechanisms, resource flows to Africa and the various technical and financial assistance programmes extended bilaterally and multilaterally.	0
That's what you see with these cameras. 	1
(d) Supporting the formulation of national policies promoting private-sector development, including small and medium-sized enterprises and privatization issues;	0
If you line up 295 of those nose to tail, that's about how far back that was. 	1
(d) Increase resource flows to Africa, including foreign direct investment;	0
The policy and the economics and the technology are serious enough issues, but we actually can deal with them. 	1
The panellists therefore welcomed the United Nations System-wide Special Initiative on Africa in the hope that it would improve coordination.	0
Because I believe we have an opportunity right now. 	1
5. Concern was expressed at the absolute and proportionate decline in technical assistance activities in least developed countries, in contrast to the priorities agreed on at Midrand.	0
In the two years before my swim, 23 percent of the arctic sea ice cover just melted away. 	1
10. Several technical cooperation programmes identified in the final document of the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development were mentioned as providing high-quality advice and support to beneficiary countries.	0
(f) To assess, at its next regular session, after adequate preparations, the effectiveness of these measures and their impact on improving developing country expert participation, on the basis of a report prepared by the Secretary-General of UNCTAD in this regard;	0
A number of years ago, he tried to ski all the way to the North Pole. 	1
Accordingly, my delegation requests that these comments be annexed directly to the final agreed conclusions of the contact group on expert funding, now and in any output of this session of the Board.	0
And Ran decided to go into his tool shed and take out a saw and do it himself. 	1
3. As many of you know, we were close to resolution of many points on a forward-looking proposal, based on the Chairman's own original draft, when a new shorter package was introduced which would devolve to the Secretary-General of UNCTAD the responsibility and authority to frame and carry out a trust fund to enhance broadly the participation of experts in the work of UNCTAD.	0
And all I could think of was, if that happened to Ran after three minutes, and I can't feel my hands after five minutes, what on earth is going to happen if I try 20 minutes? 	1
Agreed conclusions 439 (XLIII): UNCTAD's publication policy Originally circulated in TD/B/43/SC.2/L.3, section B.	0
Delegations held the view that the initiative of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD in setting up a task force on publications as part of the efficiency review should provide a useful basis for the finalization of that process.	0
I've just come back from giving a series of speeches in some of the poorest townships in South Africa to young children as young as 10 years old. 	1
1. The forty-third session of the Trade and Development Board was opened on 7 October 1996 by Mr. William Rossier (Switzerland), the outgoing President of the Board.	0
And the problem I'm going to talk about is not the familiar one from philosophy, which is, "How can we know whether other people have minds?" 	1
(a) The Coordination Committee for the Textile Industries in the European Community, which had been granted status in the special category by the Board at the first part of its twelfth session, was now the European Apparel and Textile Organization, incorporating the European Largest Textile and Apparel Companies and the European Clothing Association.	0
Child: So he won't know which one is his. 	1
Child: No, because the wind should get in trouble. 	1
And what I'm going to show you is what happened when we look inside the brains of people while they're making that judgment. 	1
It would also be necessary to determine whether some or all of those purposes could be met by means of incremental changes to the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS) and the information systems already existing in the area of conference services, particularly the Document Records, Information and Tracking System (DRITS).	0
I'm going to show you what happens when you put a quarter on the machine. 	1
5. The cost-accounting study being conducted is based on a review of the various conference services functions and the formal and informal information systems currently in place.	0
And then we can apply TMS to the RTPJ and ask how people's judgments change. 	1
It may be necessary to track time spent in various activities and to identify their relative levels of complexity.	0
 Please tell me that you're not taking phone calls from the Pentagon, say. 	1
13. The consultants will complete their work in early August.	0
And what we changed was not people's moral judgments when they're deciding what to do, when they're making action choices. 	1
I wish to stress that the relations between Turkey and the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus are deeply rooted in a common history, culture and kinship and are based on mutual recognition.	0
RS: I hope they do. And I think they probably won't. 	1
2. We bring you messages of anguish and pain from the victims of this outrage.	0
But at the heart of this, is the offshore banking network. 	1
The drugs policy which we've had in place for 40 years is long overdue for a very serious rethink, in my opinion. 	1
One case we have is that of a former soldier who lost one arm and one leg fighting for Ethiopia against Somalia in the 1977 war.	0
Well, organized crime has already adapted very well to the recession. 	1
5. And of course we must not forget more than 8,000 poor farmers and pastoralists, who have been deprived of their meagre livelihoods, and whose cases are just as tragic.	0
And it has no rules to its regulatory system. 	1
Surely, this is a precedent that this Commission cannot allow to stand.	0
Now, she harbored all sorts of sentiments and emotions towards me at the time, but love was not amongst them. 	1
"The deplorable and dehumanizing conditions caused the death of one man whose daughter was snatched away by Ethiopian authorities when the deportees were dropped off between the border posts of the two countries.	0
In this case it's Mies van der Rohe's Less is More. 	1
23. This is a campaign of hatred that has no precedent in Ethiopian history, even during the darkest days of the previous regime.	0
24. The Government of Ethiopia has also rounded up more than 1,000 Eritreans and interned them in camps.	0
We scaled the building up three times to Chinese proportions, and went to China. 	1
The majority of these are civilians who were previously fighters with EPLF or who formerly received military training in the Eritrean national service.	0
 So the People's Building, as we called it. 	1
25. The international community and the United Nations are free to come to Eritrea to investigate the record of the Eritrean Government for themselves.	0
And they chose this mascot because the theme of the expo is "Better City, Better Life." 	1
Eighty Ethiopian teachers in Assab left freely for Djibouti with the assistance of the local administration, but on their arrival there the Ethiopian Government claimed they had been expelled.	0
Denmark, we have a national bird, the swan. 	1
So we thought, why don't we reintroduce the bicycle in China? 	1
36. The Eritrean delegation thus solemnly pledges that the Government of Eritrea shall continue to scrupulously observe the human rights of Ethiopians living in Eritrea, fully cooperate with this Commission or any other international organization which wishes to conduct unrestricted investigation of the conditions of Ethiopians residing in Eritrea and shall remain committed to the truth, verifiable by impartial observers, and totally dedicated to the well-being and mutually beneficial future of the peoples of both countries.	0
  So, when it came out in Denmark that we were actually going to move our national monument, the National People's Party sort of rebelled against it. 	1
And then from 11 to 1, they were debating whether or not to send the Mermaid to China. 	1
(a) To evaluate the existing evidence with a view to determining the nature of the crimes committed by Khmer Rouge leaders in the years 1975-1979;	0
This is the view from my apartment, over the sort of landscape of triangular balconies that our client called the Leonardo DiCaprio balcony. 	1
I would be grateful if you could bring the contents of the present letter to the attention of members of the General Assembly.	0
I note, nonetheless, that some advances have been made.	0
As an architect, it's really hard to set the agenda. 	1
9. In presenting his budget for the biennium 2000–2001, the Secretary-General’s goal had been to redeploy resources to development activities and to commence the augmented development activities upon approval of the budget.	0
Isn't that incredible that we can't read each other's minds? 	1
Once gains have been achieved, they will be verified to ensure they do not impact on programme delivery.	0
In the Sufi faith, this great Middle Eastern religion, which some claim is the route of all religions, Sufi masters are all telepaths, so they say. 	1
Development of guidelines for the application of the revised rules, related training, and streamlining of processes that can be improved as a result of these revisions, will be required for successful implementation of the projects.	0
100 billion. How many can we see? Five. 	1
I see a white building. It's snowing, a soft snow. 	1
Organizations are combining their efforts for staff training.	0
I see cats and dogs walking towards me. 	1
The elimination of duplicate data entry and redundant data tables will lead to major productivity gains.	0
She said, "All these people with Eastern dress, walking up and down, very repetitive, very limited." 	1
Significant improvements in programme delivery should result from the timelier availability of management information and speedier transaction processing.	0
Interfacing to IMIS will eliminate the manual entry of approximately 1,000 investment transactions each month.	0
And none of the people or the animals, well, they all seemed oblivious of her. 	1
Specialized application software that relates to programmes will improve programme delivery.	0
She wondered if she was going mad or losing her mind. 	1
Headquarters and the United Nations Office at Geneva have been providing interpretation services for videoconferences on an ad hoc basis.	0
Low priority tasks will be discontinued and duplicative official records will be eliminated.	0
And they said, "Alas, Grandpapa, there are no handsome young men." 	1
Programme 28 (Economic and social affairs), particularly subprogramme 28.7 (Global development trends, issues and policies)	0
And one of the second commonest is cartoons. 	1
Fascinatingly, in the last few years, it's been possible to do functional brain imagery, to do fMRI on people as they are hallucinating. 	1
The Organization had to develop an entire aviation support structure to manage approximately 140 military and commercial aircraft, and it assigned staff who had to function without the benefit of a long introduction to commercial aviation management.	0
As late as 1992, IBM was known to say you couldn't possibly build a corporate network using Internet Protocol. 	1
Observations and recommendations in those reports in many cases mirrored those made separately by the Board of Auditors during the same period.	0
So it's kind of like if your house catches on fire. 	1
Verification of hours flown and constant review and revision of aviation requirements were other examples of recommendations made to the Department of Peacekeeping Operations during the period.	0
 You know, it's just like the hail goes out and people are ready to help. 	1
One result of the policy has been a significant drop in the percentage of United Nations aviation contracts awarded to one vendor.	0
Suffice it to say for now that I prefer my Wikipedia stir-fried with pimentos. 	1
In order to prevent any such reoccurrence, the Field Administration and Logistics Division had requested the Procurement Division to obtain from the Federal Aviation Authority of the United States, or from the relevant civil aviation authorities, certified copies of all relevant aviation certificates and documents stipulated in the request for proposal each time a bid was submitted.	0
Not because it's a job, not because it's a career, but because it's a calling. 	1
Some of you may remember Star Wars Kid, the poor teenager who filmed himself with a golf ball retriever, acting as if it were a light saber. 	1
As a result of the significant expansion of mission activity, the entire Organization was learning new skills so as to satisfy the requirements of rapid and diversified expansion of peacekeeping operations.	0
They just didn't think it was the right thing to do. 	1
39. The recommendations of OIOS appear below, with departmental responses provided in italics.	0
At 2350 hours the client forces fired several shells directly at Mazra`at Umqata from their position on Sujud hill.	0
Between 0110 and 0630 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155, 120 and 81-mm artillery shells and directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at areas along the Zahrani River, the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah, the area around Qasr Ghandur and outlying areas of Yuhmur al-Shaqif from their positions on Burj, Ali al-Tahir, Dabshah, Tahrah and Suwayda hills and at Zafatah.	0
But the point here is that when we get the remote Russian village online, what will get people to the Internet is not going to be the reports from Human Rights Watch. 	1
It was a simple machine that changed my life. 	1
At 1030 hours Israeli warplanes attacked the fringes of Jabal Sujud, firing two air-to-surface missiles.	0
At 2215 hours three illumination flares fired by Israeli forces in the occupied strip were seen over Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr.	0
And the outsider can never really reach the core. 	1
Between 0430 and 0500 hours an Israeli gunboat off Mansuri fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.	0
It's titled, "An American Index of the Hidden and Unfamiliar," and it's comprised of nearly 70 images. 	1
This is live HIV virus at Harvard Medical School, who is working with the U.S. Government to develop sterilizing immunity. 	1
(b) The balance between Turkey and Greece over Cyprus; and	0
But through exposure to composite sketches, Polaroids, mug shots and line-ups, eyewitness testimony can change. 	1
The Movement of Non-Aligned Countries is therefore totally unjustified in criticizing the presence of the Turkish forces in Cyprus, pending a political settlement which would continue to guarantee the security and the very existence of the Turkish Cypriot people in the island of Cyprus.	0
But the victim refused to press charges because she claimed that law enforcement had permanently altered her memory through the use of Frederick's photograph. 	1
The delegation of Ethiopia fully recognizes that the mandate of the Subcommission does not allow it to discuss or make a determination as to the nature of the aggression of Eritrea against Ethiopia.	0
He is photographed at his alibi location. 	1
To give but one example, on 6 June, the Eritrean Government paraded an Ethiopian prisoner of war in the streets of Asmara, while encouraging the crowd to throw stones at him.	0
Arguably the financial markets have failed us and the aid system is failing us, and yet I stand firmly with the optimists who believe that there has probably never been a more exciting moment to be alive. 	1
Many of them were made to pay Eritrean Nakfa 150 (equivalent to US$ 25.00) to obtain a permit to leave the country.	0
And so we need both the market and we need aid. 	1
Moreover, the Ethiopian Government invited the Red Cross representative to be present when the individuals were transported.	0
Because we're starting to see these enterprises reach hundreds of thousands of people. All of the ones I discussed have reached at least a quarter million people. 	1
He was caught in the second air raid, having actually found his son. He was returning home when, unfortunately, he and his son Solomon were brutally killed.	0
That these social leaders who really are looking at innovation and extending opportunity to the 70 percent of Pakistanis who make less than two dollars a day, provide real pathways to hope. 	1
I can only talk from my own experience, but in eight years of running Acumen fund, I've seen the power of patient capital. 	1
The Greek Cypriot side's campaign of blatant misinformation is paralleled by a militarization effort on a large scale.	0
Contemporary political map shows that we have over 200 countries in the world today. 	1
Appointment of members of the Committee on Contributions	0
Does that mean that someone's gain has to be someone else's loss? 	1
The Office of Internal Oversight Services also reviewed the administration and status of the self-insurance fund for general liability claims at Headquarters.	0
East Asia today has more of those global hubs than any other region in the world. 	1
Comments from the Department, received on 13 April 1998, have been taken into account and, where appropriate, are shown in italics.	0
China has signed military agreements with many countries in the region. 	1
The Headquarters complex had only been inspected by the existing lead underwriter.	0
Now lets look at a perennial conflict in the region. 	1
Since 1993, no assessment of the building’s security arrangements has been made, an important consideration in determining the risk of terrorist acts.	0
(c) The details of the brokers’ commissions are not disclosed in most of the policy documents and were therefore not known to the Insurance Section.	0
Such reports are standard practice in the industry.	0
The last time that was the case was actually a century ago, during the Ottoman Empire. 	1
14. It appears that the function of risk management has been haphazardly de-centralized across the Organization, despite the existence of a centralized focal point for insurance policy matters at United Nations Headquarters.	0
But today the Hejaz Railway lies in tatters, ruins. 	1
Then there is Kazakhstan, which didn't even have a name before. 	1
18. The Office of Internal Oversight Services believes that the Insurance Section could have taken a more proactive approach to the Organization’s need to protect itself from external risks and potential liabilities.	0
It was more considered South Siberia during the Soviet Union. 	1
(d) The level of the self-insurance reserve fund for general liability claims at Headquarters had not been assessed since its inception in 1987 (see sect. VIII below);	0
and now you have what most people consider a zone of peace spanning 27 countries and 450 million people. 	1
20. The Office of Internal Oversight Services believes that the Insurance Section is inappropriately structured and under-resourced.	0
So, looking at other parts of Europe's periphery, such as North Africa. 	1
Furthermore, the Insurance Section was not able to confirm what action had been taken to address the issues raised in the inspection.	0
The foreign property insurance had been handled by the same broker since the policy’s inception in 1986.	0
It's a woodworking machine, or at least a piece of one, and my task was to make this thing a little bit more modern, a little bit easier to use. 	1
The cover obtained by the United Nations Security Coordinator for malicious acts committed at hardship duty stations is another effective example of one policy encompassing various organizations within the common system.	0
Both great designs and actually very innovative too. 	1
It also stated that the responsibility and competence in the area of inventory and valuation and management lies with the Facilities Management Division.	0
As our industrial society matured, so design became a profession and it focused on an ever smaller canvas until it came to stand for aesthetics, image and fashion. 	1
Clearly, these observations adversely affect the Organization’s insurance risk profile and ultimately impact unfavourably on the premium level.	0
The first of those is that design is human-centered. 	1
44. The Office of Internal Oversight Services has three main concerns with this policy: the absence of a risk assessment, the static level of the premiums and the lack of an overall policy protocol for demining insurance coverage.	0
Instead of starting with technology, the team started with people and culture. 	1
To date, no losses have been reported in either location, and yet the premium level has not been revised, nor have the conditions and coverage afforded by the contract been altered.	0
Because they brought the cost down from $200 a pair, down to just $4 a pair. 	1
I wish to thank you for your participation in the third meeting between the United Nations and regional organizations, which recently took place in New York.	0
The task of our time, one of the great tasks of our time, is to build a global society, as I said, where people can live together in peace. 	1
4. The coordination between the Commission on Science and Technology for Development and other relevant United Nations bodies, including the regional commissions, should be improved and made more effective.	0
But you have it in planets and asteroids. 	1
10. The Economic and Social Council should decide on an appropriate work programme for the Committee for Development Policy.	0
The power of spectroscopy was actually realized by Pink Floyd already in 1973. 	1
A hot gas is producing emission lines only, no continuum. 	1
The Economic and Social Council has to play a key role in this process.	0
It's a heavy element produced in thermonuclear explosions of supernovae. 	1
There is interaction of galaxies. We know this. 	1
Doppler Effect is something very important from fundamental physics. 	1
26. An early exchange of views by/with the Secretariat and Member States on the preparation of reports can be helpful in strengthening their content.	0
It's exactly the same game. A very tiny feature. 	1
Now imagine an object, amazing object, or something which we cannot explain when we just stand up and say, "Look, we give up. Physics doesn't work." 	1
However the first thing that I needed was mosquito repellent typography because they were definitely around heavily. 	1
His restaurant is open seven months every year. 	1
STRENGTHENING OF THE COORDINATION OF HUMANITARIAN AND DISASTER RELIEF	0
 And I very quickly made a list of the things I was interested in, put them in a hierarchy, divided them into chunks of time and then made a plan, very much like in grade school. 	1
The Government of Eritrea further reaffirms that it does not see any rationale to this conflict.	0
And I understood that the building itself was a logo. 	1
So it will always fit together, conceptually, of course. 	1
The Oliy Majlis of the Republic of Uzbekistan expresses its deep concern at the severe exacerbation of the military-political situation in Afghanistan.	0
And one of the handy things that came about was that you could take the logo type and create advertising out of it. 	1
We have repeatedly denounced these absurd demands by Mr. Denktash to the Security Council, the Secretary-General and the international community in general, who have all expressed their strong objection to them.	0
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit to you a press release issued by the Government of the Republic of Burundi concerning the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (see annex).	0
Because the streets and the public spaces were the only places where food was bought and sold. 	1
It was a kind of joke, because it's got a double derivation from the Greek. 	1
As one speaker put it, the acquiescence and support of Member States was a sine qua non for the success of the ongoing reform of the United Nations.	0
30. One delegation, speaking on behalf of a large group, said that before the name of the Department of Public Information was changed, Member States should be involved and informed of the reasoning behind the proposal and how it would affect existing programmes and activities.	0
Another delegation said that it would not welcome cuts in the use of the Russian language in the context of reform, while several others also stressed the importance of multilingualism and the dissemination of information in Arabic.	0
And I want to make the point that as members of society, we need to. 	1
They reiterated their support for the dynamic and pragmatically oriented management of the Department and for its innovative approach to its information tasks and expressed appreciation to the entire staff for their dedicated work.	0
Now, Stage One, you'll notice, says, in effect, "Life Sucks." 	1
He suggested a careful examination of the structures and new methods of work devised by the Department in the last few years before new recommendations for its reform were developed or introduced.	0
Well, if people see the world in such a way that life sucks, then their behavior will follow automatically from that. 	1
40. One delegation suggested that a fresh look at United Nations information centres was needed.	0
 Here is the greatest challenge we face in innovation. 	1
One speaker said that his delegation had been working actively with the Department on the development of the Portuguese programme for United Nations Radio, which was a success and should be further enhanced.	0
And in this atmosphere, where the only guidance was people's values and their noble cause, what this group accomplished was historic. 	1
I mean, that's Stage Five, right? Life is great, oriented only by our values, no other guidance. 	1
She further said that the composition of the Bureau should be limited to the elected Bureau, although in her group’s view the Chairman could invite other Committee members to participate on an equitable geographic basis.	0
"My life sucks because I live under a tyrant, also known as King George. 	1
The Committee had before it a conference room paper containing a note to the Committee in which the Secretary-General had conveyed his proposals regarding measures in the context of the reorientation of United Nations activities, as well as a conference room paper containing the report of the Task Force.	0
Statements were made by the representatives of Algeria, Belarus, Brazil, China, Cuba, Egypt, Jamaica, the Netherlands, Pakistan and the Syrian Arab Republic.	0
I want to argue that we're doing that right here. 	1
TED represents a set of values, and as we unite around these values, something really interesting begins to emerge. 	1
Also taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on questions relating to information, A/52/455.	0
You're hearing one presentation after another, often representing a group of people, a tribe, about how they have changed the world. 	1
6. Also requests the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its twentieth session, and to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session, on United Nations public information activities, and on the implementation of the measures regarding information and communications approved by the Assembly;	0
15. Another issue raised at the last session of the Committee on Information was the need to conduct an evaluation of the Dag Hammarskjöld Library.	0
She asked if she could listen to what she called my "tribal music," and was consequently very disappointed when I produced my tape of Mariah Carey. 	1
18. Modern technology is bound to play a crucial role for the United Nations as it prepares to meet the challenges of the twenty-first century.	0
Of course, Africa is a continent full of catastrophes: There are immense ones, such as the horrific rapes in Congo such as the fact that 5,000 people apply for one job vacancy in Nigeria. 	1
The audience of “UN in Action”, a three-minute weekly, is estimated at 160 million viewers, through CNN and other broadcasters, in 106 countries.	0
In the past three years, design and editorial services have been revamped and modernized through the introduction of technology for computer-assisted editing and layout.	0
The effectiveness of this initiative is indicated by the great demand for the fact sheets by individuals as well as institutions, including media organizations.	0
35. Over the past three and a half years, the Department has achieved the integration of approximately 30 United Nations information centres with field offices of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).	0
Now, can any of you see the predator that's about to jump out at you? 	1
It enables developing countries to procure goods and services at internationally competitive prices, and assists private sector firms in developed countries by providing information and opportunities for them to compete for international contracts.	0
(b) Strengthening the Organization’s capacity to communicate at the country level so that the global messages, activities and information of the United Nations both reflect and are tailored to meaningful local contexts.	0
Your brain is learning, and it's learning that the right side of its visual field is under red illumination; the left side of its visual field is under green illumination. 	1
And you'll notice you see a dark brown tile at the top, and a bright orange tile at the side. 	1
4. First, a point has been made, at consultations of the President of the Trade and Development Board and at official meetings, to draw the attention of delegations to the decisions of the Committee on Conferences and the Trade and Development Board, as well as to the importance of the efficient use of resources.	0
That arrangement led to an automatic loss of 25 per cent of forecast conference services, resulting in utilization of less than 80 per cent of resources, although the Commission at its regular sessions has always had utilization well in excess of 80 per cent.	0
And now he's going to turn around, close his eyes, and find a plate on the ground with his eyes closed. 	1
The various factors involved in computing the utilization statistics were clarified, and suggestions for improving utilization of conference-servicing resources were made.	0
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 32 (A/51/32 and Corr.1 and Add.1).	0
ELECTION OF JUDGES OF THE INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL TRIBUNAL FOR THE PROSECUTION OF PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR GENOCIDE AND OTHER	0
But they were also -- I was really impressed by how personalized they were, and how much work went into them. 	1
FOR GENOCIDE AND OTHER SUCH VIOLATIONS COMMITTED IN THE	0
And they were very passionate about their collections and their hobbies. 	1
IN THE AGENDA OF THE FIFTY-SECOND SESSION ELECTION OF JUDGES OF THE INTERNATIONAL TRIBUNAL FOR THE	0
Or, in the words of F. Scott Fitzgerald, "As the moon rose higher, the inessential houses began to melt away until gradually I became aware of the old island here that once flowered for Dutch sailors' eyes, a fresh green breast of the new world." 	1
1. In its resolution 1166 (1998) of 13 May 1998 on the establishment of a third Trial Chamber for the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991, the Security Council decided that, pending the regular elections for judges for the entire Tribunal, three additional judges should be elected as soon as possible, to serve until the date of expiry of the terms of office of the existing judges, namely, 16 November 2001.	0
I grew up out west in the Sierra Nevada Mountains, like you see here, in the Red Rock Canyon. 	1
At its 86th plenary meeting, on 2 June 1998, the General Assembly decided, on the proposal of the Secretary-General (A/52/236 and A/52/237), to include the following items in the agenda of its fifty-second session:	0
And on my weekends I would go up, just like all the other tourists, to the top of the Empire State Building, and I'd look down on this landscape, on these ecosystems, and I'd wonder, "How does this landscape work to make habitat for plants and animals? 	1
 It was once a beach. And this painting has John James Audubon, the painter, sitting on the rock. 	1
Although those standards were not rules and regulations per se, they were a useful point of reference, which had been used on occasion by the United Nations Administrative Tribunal.	0
But you can also talk about sunny places. 	1
In effect, many existing regulations and rules were repeated in the Code.	0
We call this the Muir Web. And if you zoom in on it it looks like this. 	1
The meaning of the word "codify", which appeared throughout the document under consideration, was ambiguous as it referred to ethical and moral regulations.	0
This is the kind of future I think we need, is a future that has the same diversity and abundance and dynamism of Manhattan, but that learns from the sustainability of the past, of the ecology, the original ecology, of nature with all its parts. 	1
They had, at the same time, to ensure that the standards and values expressed therein had kept pace with the times.	0
So we're starting with a variety of technologies that have converged into these conversational character robots that can see faces, make eye contact with you, make a full range of facial expressions, understand speech and begin to model how you're feeling and who you are, and build a relationship with you. 	1
Work currently being carried out in that connection by the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) was cited.	0
So, it's a full range of facial expressions simulating all the major muscles in the human face, running on very small batteries, extremely lightweight. 	1
OECD had developed a two-tier model, emphasizing on the one hand compliance, which contained regulatory elements, and, on the other, principles of integrity, which were highly relevant for the functioning of civil services.	0
The materials that allowed the battery-operated facial expressions is a material that we call Frubber, and it actually has three major innovations in the material that allow this to happen. 	1
20. The Commission noted the concerns expressed by the organizations and was sensitive to those concerns.	0
They seem fantastic to me. They cost very little to develop. 	1
  But, actually, the point of placebo education is interesting. 	1
I told this story and a gentleman from Turkey came up to me and said, "Very, very good marketer, Fredrick the Great. But not a patch on Ataturk." 	1
B. Replies received from Governments . 3	0
These funny signs that flash your speed at you, some of the new ones, on the bottom right, now actually show a smiley face or a frowny face, to act as an emotional trigger. 	1
The wealthy Prussians, to help in the war against the French, were encouraged to give in all their jewelry. 	1
It's perfectly possible to create these social pressures which lead to more egalitarian societies. 	1
7. The Committee recommended to the General Assembly that it:	0
So they are introducing new Diamond Shreddies. 	1
Without decisions you cannot see, you cannot think, you cannot feel. 	1
So, it took the universe 11 billion years to build the brain. 	1
75. Clarification was sought and received from the Secretariat regarding various aspects of the provisional calendar of conferences and meetings for 1998-1999 in the economic, social and related fields.	0
It's a bit like going and cataloging a piece of the rainforest. 	1
It also recommended that the Assembly consider the possibility of making specific suggestions to intergovernmental bodies on how that reduction could be accomplished.	0
We can look at the fabric. And we can change neurons. 	1
110. The Committee on Conferences took note of the report of the Secretary- General on access to the optical disk system (A/C.5/51/56), and recommended that the further development of the optical disk system should be encouraged.	0
And it's these electrical objects that are holding all the information about whatever stimulated it. 	1
Because of budgetary restrictions, such control had not been comprehensive in the past, but the Secretariat planned to continue to expand it in the future.	0
Sounds are affecting your hormone secretions all the time, but also your breathing, your heart rate -- which I just also did -- and your brainwaves. 	1
142. At its 397th meeting, the Committee agreed to meet as required to take up matters related to the calendar of conferences and its implementation, in particular the consideration of inter-sessional departures from the approved calendar.	0
It can be a bit like a bowl of spaghetti: sometimes you just have to eat it and see what happens. 	1
147. In addition, the Committee was seized with the following request:	0
WIPO World Intellectual Property Organization	0
But if you stack it up, you just see this amazing, staggering amount of dollars that have been put into the system to fund and bail us out. 	1
15. Conference on Disarmament, first part [General Assembly resolutions 1722 (XVI), S-10/2 and 34/83 L]	0
Agritourism, going to vineyards and going to farms. 	1
That includes cottages and the like. But 30 percent. 	1
And then we look at the High Line in New York City, an excellent use of reimagining existing infrastructure for something good, which is a brand new park in New York City. 	1
The traditional thing would be to boycott right? 	1
55. Preparatory Committee on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, sixth session [General Assembly resolution 51/207]	0
It's a moving truck through L.A., and the only way you can find it is through Twitter. 	1
61. Board of Trustees of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations [General Assembly resolution 40/131]	0
What we're seeing with consumers right now is the ability for them to actually lead us forward out of this recession. 	1
And the lighting that we use these days looks something like this. 	1
If you take a look at these scans that we have of Emily, you can see that the human face does an enormous amount of amazing things as it goes into different facial expressions. 	1
Then, instead of looking like a plaster mannequin, it actually looks like it's made out of living human flesh. 	1
We actually used one of her own performances to provide the source data. 	1
93. ECLAC, twenty-seventh session [Economic and Social Council resolution 106 (VI) and decision 1985/188 and ECLAC resolution 465 (XX)]	0
Which is, you go onto a stage. There is an orchestra sitting. 	1
99. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights - Pre-sessional Working Group [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]	0
Not really. If it were that, I would just save you the talk, and teach you the gesture. 	1
102. Committee on the Rights of the Child, eighteenth session [General Assembly resolutions 44/25, 47/112 and 49/211]	0
138. United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, forty-eighth session [General Assembly resolutions 248 (III) and 46/220]	0
 I'm afraid you'll get the feeling that I really picked on him because he's old. 	1
142. Commission on Human Rights - Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities - Working Group on Communications [Economic and Social Council resolution 1503 (XLVIII)]	0
But how does it happen? Did you see him turning pages in the score? 	1
Now I can tell you, even the Berlin Philharmonic doesn't know when to play. 	1
156. Eighteenth Meeting of States Parties to the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights [General Assembly resolution 2200 A (XXI)]	0
 And now the third time for the same player. 	1
196. UNCITRAL - Working Group on Insolvency Law, twenty-second session [General Assembly resolution 33/92]	0
So control is no longer a zero-sum game. 	1
216. Security Council - Ad Hoc Commission established under Security Council resolution 794 (1992)	0
And what was so sad about this particular story was that once their parents had found out -- and don't forget, their parents took them to the doctor -- the parents threw them out on the street. 	1
225. Committee on Relations with the Host Country [General Assembly resolution 2819 (XXVI)]	0
And you'll see, just now, a nurse coming back to the tray, which is their sort of modular station, and dropping the syringe she's just used back in the tray for it to be picked up and used again. 	1
228. Security Council - Governing Council of the United Nations Compensation Commission established pursuant to Security Council resolution 687 (1991)	0
These kids in Pakistan don't go to school. 	1
And these are used with traces of blood visible. 	1
246. Scientific and Technical Committee on the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction [General Assembly resolution 44/236]	0
And we're very proud of giving information to people, so that little kids like this don't do stupid things. 	1
The future, as we know it, is very unpredictable. 	1
The best minds in the best institutions generally get it wrong. 	1
Okay, so, most people only wondered that occasionally, like today, in breaks from whatever normally preoccupied them. 	1
But they failed, almost completely, to make any. 	1
3. Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women, twentieth session [General Assembly resolutions 34/180 and 51/68]	0
Within 40 years, physicists discovered the whole explanation, expressed, as usual, in elegant symbols. 	1
At the time, what they thought distinguished science was a radical idea about things unseen, known as empiricism. 	1
31. Commission on the Status of Women, forty-third session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 11 (II), 1147 (XLI) and 1987/21]	0
So if the ancient Greeks had only known that Australia is at its warmest when Demeter is at her saddest, they'd have known that their theory is false. 	1
88. Conference on Disarmament, second part [General Assembly resolutions 1722 (XVI), S-10/2 and 34/83 L]	0
If the ancient Greeks had found out about seasons in Australia, they could have easily varied their myth to predict that. 	1
So, being proved wrong by observation, and changing their theory accordingly, still wouldn't have got the ancient Greeks one jot closer to understanding seasons, because their explanation was bad: easy to vary. 	1
109. Committee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods - Subcommittee of Experts on the Transport of Dangerous Goods, sixteenth session [Economic and Social Council resolution 1989/104]	0
This involves blueprints, industrial manufacturing and construction using teams of workers. 	1
110. Economic and Social Council, substantive session [Charter]	0
And that means that there is a one-way transfer of energy from our environment into our homes and cities. 	1
Now, in order to do this, we need the right kind of language. 	1
113. ICSC, fiftieth session [General Assembly resolution 3357 (XXIX)]	0
Living systems are in constant conversation with the natural world, through sets of chemical reactions called metabolism. 	1
129. UNCTAD - Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities, fourth session [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]	0
Here, this is a protocell, and it's vigorously shedding this skin. 	1
155. International Narcotics Control Board, sixty-seventh session [Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961, article 11]	0
So, one of these examples would of course be the historic city of Venice. 	1
But perhaps the most exciting thing about it is that the driver of this technology is available everywhere. 	1
184. Security Council Commission established under Security Council resolution 446 (1979)	0
208. International Law Commission, fifty-first session [General Assembly resolution 174 (II)]	0
Other homeless people didn't see me as homeless, but I did. 	1
14. ICAO - Council, one hundred and fifty-seventh session	0
Thousands of people work full and part-time jobs, and live in their cars. 	1
And for Galois this was like the zeroth symmetry. 	1
The present report contains the financial performance report of the United Nations Angola Verification Mission (UNAVEM III) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.	0
And this is the same idea. This is a symmetrical -- so everything has symmetry, where you just leave it where it is. 	1
The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, in its report of 29 November 1996 (A/51/700 and Corr.1), recommended a reduction of $14 million gross from the proposed budget.	0
For example, what if I turn the starfish by a sixth of a turn, and then a third of a turn? 	1
The unencumbered balance was the result of: (a) the phased repatriation of military contingent personnel and military observers beginning in January 1997 in connection with the transition from UNAVEM III to the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola (MONUA); (b) delays in the recruitment and replacement of international and local civilian staff and United Nations volunteers, resulting in a combined average vacancy rate of 11.8 per cent during the period; (c) the movement of military and civilian personnel from the more costly rented commercial premises to mission-owned prefabricated accommodation facilities; and (d) the utilization of existing inventories for miscellaneous supplies, which reduced requirements to purchase additional supplies during the period.	0
So the little table here records how the algebra of these symmetries work. 	1
Well, the combined effect is as if I had just done the reflection in the line through Z to start with. 	1
And you can try this when you go down to the pub, later on. 	1
The people and the chairs are very different, but the number, the abstract idea of the number, is the same. 	1
But the shapes match up if I rotate by a sixth of a turn around the point where all the triangles meet. 	1
And the power of Galois' mathematical language is it also allows us to create symmetrical objects in the unseen world, beyond the two-dimensional, three-dimensional, all the way through to the four- or five- or infinite-dimensional space. 	1
Now, people like getting their names on things, on craters on the moon or new species of animals. 	1
So when I thought about compassion, my mind immediately went to one of the cartoon strips, where he's lying there and he says, "I really understand, and I really appreciate how one should love one's neighbor as one love's oneself. 	1
Replacement of worn/damaged equipment and enhancement of infrastructure for the transition to MONUA	0
So, God thought, "Nope, I'm going to create the world just with compassion." 	1
On the basis of the repatriation schedule beginning in January 1997, it was projected that an unutilized balance of $363,400 would be realized from the average troop strength of 5,702 (or 68,428 person/months).	0
The recorded expenditure reflects actual requirements of 90,924 person/days against the provision for 90,458 person/days.	0
Actual requirements for the reporting period totalled $36,400 for the repair of both hard-wall and soft-wall prefabricated accommodation units.	0
Since the inception of UNAVEM III on 9 February 1995, provisions and related expenditures had been limited to freight charges related to the transfer of used vehicles from the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi and other peacekeeping operations.	0
Since mom had eight kids, sometimes she said she couldn't tell who was who and where they were. 	1
The unbudgeted requirements of $91,500 relate to the purchase of related equipment and supplies to replace worn/damaged equipment in vehicle workshops at mission headquarters and the six regional headquarters.	0
My task was, at least once a week, to visit Mother Lassiter who lived on East Street, Mother Williamson who lived on Bledsoe Avenue, and Mother Lathers who lived on Oberlin Road. 	1
The recorded expenditure relates to the purchase of: (a) 98 desktop microcomputer systems at a cost of $2,100 per system, including freight charges ($206,200); (b) 2 Lotus Notes servers at an average cost of $19,300 per server ($38,600); and (c) various software packages ($18,200).	0
I saw it when the Dalai Lama came to the Riverside Church while I was a pastor, and he invited representatives of faith traditions from all around the world. 	1
The unutilized balance of $301,900 was attributable to: (a) lower actual requirements resulting from the repatriation of contingent personnel in the second half of the reporting period; and (b) the utilization of existing inventory, which reduced requirements to purchase additional supplies.	0
We need to bring health and food and education and respect for all God's citizens, all God's children, remembering mama eternal. 	1
♫ Let me share my happy loving smile with you. ♫ That's compassion.  	1
And the prophet, in one of his sayings, said, "Adorn yourselves with the attributes of God." 	1
(b) Supplies, services and operating costs34 400	0
After many years of training, of disciplining, of search and struggle, he comes back. 	1
20. Income from staff assessment(1 564 900)	0
Jung may have called it "the subconscious." 	1
The Dalai Lama often states that compassion is his best friend. 	1
EEC/LWS European Economic Community/Lutheran World Service	0
Now, I want to tell a story, which is a very famous story in the Indian and Buddhist tradition, of the great Saint Asanga who was a contemporary of Augustine in the West and was sort of like the Buddhist Augustine. 	1
UNDP/DDSMS United Nations Development Programme/Department for Development Support and Management Services	0
They're talking about love and compassion and wisdom and enlightenment, but they are acting selfish and pathetic. 	1
And as he's leaving, he sees a bird making a nest on a cliff ledge. 	1
These proposals were endorsed by the General Assembly in section VII of its resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994 as follows:	0
(b) Sub-group (b): equipment lost with an inventory value of $6,478,100 and residual value of $2,990,500.	0
And he took a shard of something, and cut a piece of flesh from his thigh, and he placed it on ground. 	1
A famous one, it's called the "Sevenfold Causal Method of Developing Compassion." 	1
And then, among them, you think of your friends and loved ones, the circle at the table. 	1
Sometimes these factors are purely political or military and can be corrected by political and military measures (for example, the negotiated settlement of a frontier dispute, accompanied by separation of forces).	0
In most cases, however, especially in internal conflicts, the causes may relate to ethnic, economic and social factors and policies which exclude whole sectors of society from the country’s political or economic life.	0
Peace-building, so conceived, does not replace ongoing humanitarian and development activities in countries which are threatened by or are emerging from crisis.	0
And that is, we think of every being as familiar, as family. 	1
Its purpose will be to produce an authoritative and realistic assessment of the impact of international assistance and of the progress towards peace-building in Afghanistan.	0
This document addresses the key problems and constraints in providing coordinated assistance to Afghanistan and the regional and national institutional mechanisms which could be immediately introduced to this effect.	0
They're driven by this duty and this obligation. 	1
22. As noted above, a course of action for promoting more effective and integrated peace-building activities was defined by the Administrative Committee on Coordination at its first regular session of 1997, and a number of specific follow-up steps are now being taken on the basis of the strategic framework approach.	0
Peace-building elements should be explicitly and clearly identified and integrated into the mandates of the peacekeeping operation.	0
(a) Coordination issues related specifically to peace-building activities should be a regular agenda item to be discussed during the Secretary-General’s “cabinet” meetings between United Nations departments;	0
I think nature gave them a helping hand here. 	1
Peace-building does not replace such programmes in countries which are threatened by, or emerging from, conflict.	0
I'll get there -- I hope to get a little fuzzier. 	1
4. There was, however, a steady downward trend in peacekeeping cash, from $923 million in 1995 to $874 million in 1996 and $791 million in 1997.	0
I mean, if you look at the American attitudes toward Japanese during World War II -- look at the depictions of Japanese in the American media as just about subhuman, and look at the fact that we dropped atomic bombs, really without giving it much of a thought -- and you compare that to the attitude now, I think part of that is due to a kind of economic interdependence. 	1
Peacekeeping cash balances at the end of 1997 were favourably affected, however, by lower than anticipated expenditures for several missions and by obligations recorded but not disbursed for several other missions in liquidation.	0
13. There continues to be a reduction in the absolute level of unpaid regular budget assessments, down to $473 million as at 31 December 1997, a reduction of $91 Million compared with the end of 1995.	0
It's their great calling right now, to get people all around the world better at expanding their moral imaginations, appreciating that in so many ways they're in the same boat. 	1
New obligations in 1997 aggregating $270 million were entered into by the Organization and payments of $262 million were made in 1997 in amounts approximately equal to those new obligations.	0
But he actually talks to, has two-way exchanges with, about four to six people on a regular base, depending on his gender. 	1
22. At the end of 1998, combined cash, regular budget and peacekeeping taken together, is projected to drop further – to $577 million from $669 million – at the end of 1997.	0
And around eight o'clock he sort of sneaks away from his oven, cleans his hands from the flour and calls his wife. 	1
And I've heard this story a number of times. 	1
Firstly, it is estimated that the level of peacekeeping assessments will drop to $800 million, which is a further reduction from the level of prior years.	0
But Danny Miller, who is a very good anthropologist who is working on Filipina migrant women who leave their children back in the Philippines, was telling me about how much parenting is going on through Skype, and how much these mothers are engaged with their children through Skype. 	1
They were living on top of the workshops where they were working. 	1
A few years ago, my eyes were opened to the dark side of the construction industry. 	1
7. After adoption of the resolution, statement in explanation of position were made by the representatives of Ukraine, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (on behalf of the State Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union and also on behalf of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Poland, Romania, Slovakia and Cyprus), the United States of America, Slovakia, France, Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China), Mexico, China and the United Kingdom.	0
8. Also at the same meeting, the Chairman stated that, in the light of the adoption of the draft resolution (A/C.5/52/L.27), the provisions of that resolution would apply pari passu to the related scale of assessments applicable for the International Tribunals for Rwanda and the Former Yugoslavia adopted by the General Assembly in its resolutions 52/217 and 52/218, both of 22 December 1997.	0
Now, recently I've been told I've been taking the high road. 	1
Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping operations	0
So maybe you took a similar aircraft to get here today. 	1
This has opened up the door, particularly for women. 	1
2. The Fifth Committee resumed its consideration of the item at its resumed 68th meeting, on 26 June 1998.	0
Then I thought, "Why not make a Google Map, but in the physical world?" 	1
I was taking some part of the objects, or any of the intuitiveness of real life, and bringing them to the digital world, because the goal was to make our computing interfaces more intuitive. 	1
Conference room papers related to item 2 of the programme of work, Decision-making in the Security Council, including the veto	0
For example, in this case, the book cover is matched with so many thousands, or maybe millions of books online, and checking out which book it is. 	1
7. The first substantive session was held from 3 to 13 February 1998.	0
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.15 entitled, “Joint position paper of the States members of the Group of Eastern European States eligible for non-permanent membership in the Security Council: the matter of allocation of one additional non-permanent seat for this Group in the enlarged membership of the Security Council” (see annex XXIII).	0
entitled “Sets of outstanding issues related to the expansion of the Security Council” (see annex XIX);	0
But his brother, Ganesha, simply walked around his parents once, twice, thrice, and said, "I won." 	1
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.20, entitled “Proposed amendments to document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.4/Rev.2, on the working methods of the Security Council, transparency of its work, as well as its decision-making process, submitted by the Republic of Korea, dated 9 July 1998” (see annex VIII).	0
– A/AC.247/1998/CRP.23 and Corr.1, entitled “Paper transmitted by Peru to the Open-ended Working Group, dated 17 July 1998: majority required for the adoption of decisions on the question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and other matters related to the Security Council and convening of a special session of the General Assembly to decide on this issue, among other matters” (see annex XXX).	0
C. Briefings by the President of the Security Council to non-members, availability of draft resolutions and summaries of informal consultations	0
E. Report of the Security Council to the General Assembly	0
And that brings us to the mythology of business. 	1
(b) The annual report of the Security Council to the General Assembly should give a substantive and analytical account of the Council’s work, and it should be made available to the General Assembly before the beginning of its annual general debate;	0
I have personally experienced it. I'm trained as a medical doctor. 	1
23. Proposed form of institutionalization:	0
And he was dealing with diverse and dynamic markets. 	1
So, he had asked me to be the Chief Belief Officer, and said, "All I want to do is align belief." 	1
(i) Explore further the proposal for a provision enabling a permanent member to cast a negative vote without that vote constituting a veto if the member so declares;	0
And based on this, we created a ritual for leaders. 	1
The Security Council should [, as a rule,] consider its monthly programme of work in a formal meeting;	0
May he be called to wash away his sins." 	1
These briefings should be arranged [as soon as possible]/[immediately] after such meetings or informal consultations.	0
In India there is a rape every three minutes. 	1
(e) Consideration should also be given to inviting other countries affected by and/or involved, e.g. by transit or transport, in [multi-faceted] [peacekeeping] operations, including, where appropriate, host countries;	0
Now, if I were to go into the same crowd and say, "I want to lecture you about justice and injustice," they would say, "Thank you very much, we have other things to do." 	1
(i) The Security Council should conduct consultations on a regular basis with countries affected by the decisions of the Council;	0
And I thought, "This is what we need, as a language." 	1
The decisions of the respective Executive Boards and of the General Assembly shall be final in all aspects of such programmes.	0
I have a solution that requires neither machine, nor wood, nor cooking gas. 	1
(ii) Include decisions, recommendations or progress of work of the subsidiary organs of the Council, in particular the sanctions committees;	0
So, why is it, that if we think that we all agree that we need a better world, we need a more just world, why is it that we are not using the one language that has consistently showed us that we can break down barriers, that we can reach people? 	1
In cases when, as a transitory and exceptional measure, the Security Council is involved in overseeing and mandating humanitarian and operational assistance, the President of the Council should consult the presidents of the executive boards concerned before the Council acts.	0
"Father, mother, this man shall be my wife." 	1
But, the fact still is that it's not just that. 	1
Proposals for changing the present action threshold could be also considered.	0
But, today in Britain, for example, Indian restaurants in Britain employ more people than the coal mining, ship building and iron and steel industries combined. 	1
1. A proposal was made to the effect that the permanent members of the Security Council, collectively or individually, should commit themselves, in a legally binding manner, not to resort to the veto or to the threat of its use beyond actions taken under Chapter VII of the Charter.	0
 But, with this increasing awareness of India, with you and with I, and so on, with tales like Afghanistan, comes something vital in the information era, the sense that in today's world it's not the side of the bigger army that wins, it's the country that tells a better story that prevails. 	1
In fact, you can't even take the name of the country for granted, because the name "India" comes from the river Indus, which flows in Pakistan. 	1
And it's the nationalism of an idea that essentially says you can endure differences of caste, creed, color, culture, cuisine, custom and costume, consonant, for that matter, and still rally around a consensus. 	1
Reform and expansion of the Security Council call for a thorough examination of the issue;	0
“The permanent members of the Security Council should endeavour not to resort to the veto or to the threat of its use.	0
But I didn't want it to make it by isolating people, without any earmuffs or those kind of things. 	1
– The existing permanent members do not appear willing at present to accept any Charter-based limitation of their veto powers.	0
The white noise is the sum of all frequencies that are audible by the human being, brought to the same intensity. 	1
3. The group suggests the following approach:	0
(a) The General Assembly, in accordance with Article 10 of the Charter, would make specific recommendations aimed at reducing areas where the veto can be applied;	0
So in order to make this white noise a little bit active and reactive, I create a ball, a rolling ball able to analyze and find where does aggressive sound come from, and roll, at home or at work, towards aggressive noise, and emits white noise in order to neutralize it. 	1
(c) The veto should be excluded in respect of recommendations under Articles 4, 5, 6 and 97 of the Charter of the United Nations.	0
So even if this object, even if this product includes some technology, it includes some speakers, it includes some microphones and some electronic devices, this object is not a very smart object. 	1
2. Number and distribution of new permanent seats.	0
And I submit them, my intuitions, my hypothesis, my first ideas. 	1
2 See document A/AC.247/1998/CRP.16, containing the decision of the Assembly of African Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity on the procedure for rotation of the two permanent seats claimed by Africa in the expanded Security Council.	0
And you are helped to visualize the duration of the treatment. 	1
The Assembly of Heads of State and Government of the Organization of African Unity, meeting at its thirty-fourth session in Ouagadougou from 8 to 10 June 1998,	0
Firstly, if the veto were to be extended to the new permanent members they would agree not to exercise their right until the review took place.	0
And the aquaponics is the dirty water of the fish, by a water pump, feeds the plants above. 	1
I never show it to my client. He would be so afraid. 	1
* Previously issued as A/AC.247/1998/CRP.18. 4. In tandem with the premium that new permanent members will enjoy as incumbents, this low level of support required will virtually ensure the automatic extension of new permanent members, rendering a periodic review meaningless.	0
I guess it may be the revenge of the guinea pig I was. 	1
7. It therefore believes that draft resolutions of a procedural nature are inseparable from substantive decisions and should, ipso facto, be subject to the same procedures as the adoption of such decisions.	0
Since that time, he's continued to work with his people, and not only the Ashaninka Nation, but all the peoples of the Amazon and beyond. 	1
They include major declarations to the effect that only the inclusion of additional members in the Security Council would be acceptable.	0
he would tell you, as he told me, "I asked myself," he said, "What did my grandparents and my great-grandparents do to protect the forest for me? 	1
There shall be no partial or selective expansion or enlargement of the membership of the Security Council to the detriment of the developing countries.	0
Egos, systems of government -- figuring it out -- massive change. 	1
1. Draft staff regulation 1.1 (c) is new.	0
in over 1,000 villages around Karnataka. 	1
As the text of draft staff regulation 1.2 (g) would be removed in its entirety, the balance of draft staff regulation 1.2 would be renumbered accordingly.	0
7. Also requests the Secretary-General, in order to reduce the cost of employing General Service staff, to continue efforts to employ locally recruited staff for the Observer Mission against General Service posts, commensurate with the operational requirements of such posts;	0
Report of the Fifth Committee (Part III)	0
So I think we need succession planning on a global basis. 	1
(b) Operative paragraph 8, which had read:	0
As technology progresses, and as it advances, many of us assume that these advances make us more intelligent, make us smarter and more connected to the world. 	1
(c) The square brackets around operative paragraph 10 were deleted;	0
18. Decides further, as an ad hoc arrangement, to apportion the amount of 45,899,080 dollars gross (44,301,680 dollars net) for the period from 1 July to 31 October 1998 among Member States at a monthly rate of 11,474,770 dollars gross (11,075,420 dollars net), in accordance with the composition of groups set out in paragraphs 3 and 4 of General Assembly resolution 43/232 of 1 March 1989, as adjusted by the Assembly in its resolutions 44/192 B of 21 December 1989, 45/269 of 27 August 1991, 46/198 A of 20 December 1991, 47/218 A of 23 December 1992, 49/249 A of 20 July 1995, 49/249 B of 14 September 1995, 50/224 of 11 April 1996, 51/218 A, B and C of 18 December 1996 and 52/230 of 31 March 1998 and its decisions 48/472 A of 23 December 1993 and 50/451 B and 50/471 A of 23 December 1995, and taking into account the scale of assessments for the year 1998, as set out in its resolution 52/215 A of 22 December 1997, subject to the decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of the Observer Mission beyond 30 June 1998;	0
For my thesis I actually built one of these out of paper. 	1
Statement I includes various categories of income received and the total for the expenditures incurred during the financial period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.	0
And then finally, I take a rule, and move the rule to a date line which then tells me the time here. 	1
Prior to 16 June 1993, UNFICYP operations were funded solely by voluntary contributions in cash and in kind.	0
And so, what can you learn from these devices? 	1
As a consequence, a total of $193.2 million in unrecorded obligations remain payable to Member States for the period prior to 16 June 1993 but are not shown as liabilities for that period.	0
And astrolabes return us to this subtle sense of how things all fit together, and also how we connect to the world. 	1
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $9.3 million.	0
Those are nice words. But I got sort of curious of what he meant with liberty, and liberty for whom. 	1
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $77.5 million.	0
And India was up to 89 years more of foreign domination. 	1
Total expenditures for this mission for the 12-month period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounted to $3.9 million.	0
And 1858 in Japan was the year when Japan had to sign the Harris Treaty and accept trade on favorable condition for the U.S. 	1
And the First World War, you know, we'll see a lot of deaths and economical problems here. 	1
In 1947 India finally gained its independence. 	1
Those standards require that the Board plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance as to whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement.	0
(j) The process of liquidation of peacekeeping missions should be accomplished within the shortest possible time in order to minimize costs; this should include a plan clearly identifying the time-frame for the completion of the outstanding tasks in all missions in liquidation, which should be closely monitored by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (para. 136);	0
The bubbles, not my bubbles, but the financial bubbles. 	1
In the 1930s we got 100 units of energy back for every one that we put in to extract it. Completely unprecedented, historically. 	1
This indicated that the stated aim of the fund, which was to secure a quick impact, had not been achieved.	0
And what are the stories that we tell ourselves now, as we look forward about where we're going to go. 	1
And it's an idea that I think is very prevalent at these TED Talks, the idea that we can invent our way out of a profound economic and energy crisis, that a move to a knowledge economy can somehow neatly sidestep those energy constraints, the idea that we'll discover some fabulous new source of energy that will mean we can sweep all concerns about energy security to one side, the idea that we can step off neatly 	1
41. The Board is concerned at the increase in the level of write-offs since the biennium 1994-1995 and also at the delays in finalizing those write-off proposals and the consequent effects of disclosing write-offs in the financial statements, as discussed later in this report.	0
But we also live in a world with very real constraints and demands. 	1
46. The Board recommends that the Administration establish and maintain global statistics on procurement and that it closely monitor the actual costs, notwithstanding the standard cost manual for guidance on prices, to ensure that informed decisions can be made on goods and services procured.	0
And I think, in many ways, the idea of resilience is a more useful concept than the idea of sustainability. 	1
The Board examined a sample of cases relating to field missions to determine the response rate from vendors in cases where more than 20 bids had been invited.	0
When they encounter shock from the outside that they don't just unravel and fall to pieces. 	1
The Board estimated that the impact of the additional overhead charges of payment for leave resulted in additional payment of some $507,539 during the six-month period of the first amendment alone.	0
And the head of the council said, "If we didn't have Transition Stroud, we would have to invent all of that community infrastructure for the first time." 	1
63. In UNPREDEP, a contract in the amount of $2.9 million for the supply of rations for the period from October 1996 to September 1997 was based on the need to feed a total number of 1,367 people each day.	0
But let us honor what it has bought us, and move forward from this point. 	1
In fact the number to be fed had fallen to 920 by September 1997; however, the terms of the contract required the mission to pay the cost of feeding a minimum of 1,080 people and the Board estimates that the contract terms resulted in excess payments amounting to at least $300,000.	0
Because if we cling to it, and continue to assume that it can underpin our choices, the future that it presents to us is one which is really unmanageable. 	1
For example, one such case noted by the Board related to a claim of $10.6 million from a troop-contributing country in respect of its operations in UNAMIR.	0
Some are already deserts; others are being seriously degraded by the sand. 	1
79. The Board reiterates its recommendation in its report on peacekeeping operations for the biennium 1994-1995 that the Headquarters Committee on Contracts should not consider letters of assist on an ex post facto basis.	0
We get droughts, increased desertification, crashing food systems, water scarcity, famine, forced migration, political instability, warfare, crisis. 	1
81. Based on a test examination, the Board observed that claims which had been paid or certified for payment without letters of assist and without reference to the Headquarters Committee on Contracts, amounted to $22.9 million.	0
That's the Sahara eating up almost [two meters] a day of the arable land, physically pushing people away from their homes. 	1
86. The Board trusts that a review of the letter of assist computerized system as recommended earlier in this report will avoid a recurrence of such uncertainties in the payment of letters of assist.	0
Now there is an alternative to just planting trees and hoping that they won't get chopped down. 	1
The whole cementation process takes about 24 hours. 	1
Matching gratis military personnel posts with workload	0
The second alternative would be to use injection piles. 	1
102. Under the Organization’s system of proportionate representation, staff directly appointed by the Secretary-General to posts within the Professional category and above are classified as staff in posts subject to geographical distribution.	0
105. The Board, however, observed from resolution 51/243 that the appointment of gratis personnel would be subject to the criteria laid down in Article 100 and in paragraphs 1 and 3 of Article 101 of the Charter of the United Nations.	0
In a period of unprecedented population growth and increased food demands, this could prove disastrous. 	1
To ascertain compliance with the DPKO policy on proportionate representation, the Board compared the number of troops contributed by Member States with the level of representation of gratis military personnel.	0
I would like to conclude by showing you an animation of the structure, and leave you with a sentence by Jorge Luis Borges. 	1
111. The Board examined 4 missions that were funded from the regular budget and 13 special missions during the 18-month period ended 30 June 1997.	0
But I don't think we should underestimate the extent to which massive changes in technology make possible the linking up of people across the world. 	1
The Board considered that the failure to take action on disposal had resulted in additional cost of storage in respect of such unserviceable items;	0
CA: I still just want to draw out on this issue. 	1
While this was generally a cost-effective method of obtaining spare parts, it had sometimes left the mission holding unnecessary stock.	0
A lot of us believe that that has to be the world's future. 	1
122. At UNTAES and UNPREDEP, the Board noted that no full and regular stocktakings had been carried out by any of the account holders.	0
I'm just wondering whether you can see that changing over time, whether you see in Britain that there are changing attitudes, and that people are actually more supportive of the kind of global ethic that you talk about. 	1
By December 1997, 20 months after the start of the liquidation, several key tasks remained to be completed, including the closure of the Mission’s account; full acknowledgement of assets transferred; and the preparation of the Secretary-General’s report.	0
Even if, as a human being, you believe that, you can't say that. 	1
138. The Board recommends that the provisional guidelines be finalized and fully implemented.	0
The idea of the responsibility to protect all individuals who are in situations where they are at humanitarian risk is now being established as a principle which governs the world. 	1
140. At the direction of Headquarters, UNPF transferred some 44,000 items, valued at approximately $189 million, to 29 other United Nations missions, including some 32,000 items valued at $137 million transferred to successor missions of UNPF.	0
In fact there were only seven days between signing the contract and the start of the auction and the contractor-designate declined to provide the United Nations with most of the required information prior to signing the contract.	0
GB: Yes, but I think Europe has got a position, which is 27 countries have already come together. 	1
143. The Board recommends that, where a decision is made to proceed by auction, the Organization ensure that there is sufficient lead time for comprehensive advertising and the evaluation of the equipment to be sold, to enable potential customers to be contacted and for adequate liaison to be made between the liquidating mission and the auctioneer.	0
I do think a reform of the international institutions is vital to this. 	1
By March 1997, it had sold approximately 1,500 tons of scrap metal and the remnants of 1,573 vehicles.	0
The IMF now has limited resources, one percent. 	1
The Board will keep these matters under review.	0
I like to call these the prima donna of the galaxy world, because they are kind of show offs. 	1
ONUMOZ United Nations Observer Mission in Mozambique	0
With this technology all of a sudden you can see it. 	1
to the idea that there was a supermassive black hole at the center of the galaxy, because you could put a lot of stuff in there. 	1
The implementation of the field assets control system was approved by the Advisory Committee and the Fifth Committee and the deployment of the system to the field has commenced.	0
A black hole does not make a kind neighbor to a stellar nursery. 	1
The Administration further informed the Board that the exigency nature of many peacekeeping operations frequently required that contracts be awarded on the basis of delivery schedules rather than the lowest bid.	0
To do that we'll probably need much more sophisticated technology than we have today. 	1
The groundwater is 300 feet deep, 100 meters. 	1
I'm not sure by that time Bombay was there, or Delhi was there, or Chennai was there, or Bangalore was there. 	1
None of us were able to go to Europe, but Jaisalmer was well connected to it. 	1
Voluntary contributions held in suspense	0
And it's a kind of water body for all seasons. 	1
 Excuse me, who built these structures? 	1
All that we know that hundreds of men had used her brutally. 	1
We, as a society, we have PhDs in victimizing a victim. 	1
United Nations Mission for the referendum in Western Saharaa	0
I had this I.S. officer's daughter, who is 14 years old, studying in ninth standard, who was raped chatting with one individual, and ran away from home because she wanted to become a heroine, who was trafficked. 	1
Statement XXVIII (concluded) Schedule 28.1	0
Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the period from 7 November 1989 to 30 June 1996 as at 30 June 1996	0
But the rest, who succumb into it, go through everyday torture. 	1
 one story about one man, at least, putting chili powder in her vagina, one man taking a cigarette and burning her, one man whipping her. 	1
However, it was being administered by UNPF until 30 June 1996.	0
I'm the puzzle columnist for Discover Magazine. 	1
Member States’ credits for staff assessment income not required to meet the cost of income tax refunds (non-United States share)	0
This is called a figure-ground illusion. 	1
If you could pick up the white area, it would look like the figure on the bottom. 	1
It's done very well. I love this puzzle. 	1
C. Member States with unpaid balances representing an additional 25 per cent assessment for the reserve requirement	0
Now we'll make it harder, a little harder. 	1
Created a whole bunch of levels for it. 	1
So, I'm really interested in you learning how to make your own puzzles as well as just me creating them. 	1
United Nations Transition Assistance Groupa	0
She could easily be up here giving a talk about her work. 	1
So, we got games like "Brain Age" coming out for the Nintendo DS, huge hit. 	1
If a fundamental accounting assumption is not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons;	0
Our first game is called "Photo Grab." The game takes about a minute and 20 seconds. 	1
(iv) The disclosure of the significant accounting policies used should be an integral part of the financial statements.	0
(i) Cash and term deposits comprise funds on deposit in interest-bearing bank accounts, certificates of deposit and call accounts;	0
Emmanuel? Absolutely.  I was planning on finishing on a dance ... 	1
(k) Liabilities and reserves and fund balances	0
300 years ago he'd have been burnt at the stake for that. 	1
Note 2. Special accounting provisions for peacekeeping operations	0
I mean, he must walk in and they will say, "Would you like a macchiato, or a latte, or an Americano, or a cappuccino?" 	1
(a) All of the accounts for the peacekeeping operations have been maintained in accordance with the provisions of the Financial Regulations and Rules of the United Nations with due regard to the following:	0
And he'll say, "You're offering me things that are infinitely variable." 	1
With effect from 1 July 1996, the General Assembly has approved a new financial period for peacekeeping operations of 12 months, to run from 1 July to 30 June each year;	0
And she's desperate to find more evidence for the link. 	1
“(a) At the end of the twelve-month period provided for in regulation 4.3, any unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question relating to goods supplied and services rendered by Governments for which claims have been received, or which are covered by established reimbursement rates, shall be transferred to accounts payable; such accounts payable shall remain recorded in the Special Account until payment is effected;	0
I wasn't here on Tuesday. I didn't actually see Gordon Brown's job application -- um, sorry. 	1
The level of the Peacekeeping Reserve Fund was established at $150 million.	0
 A lot of what I do -- I have to try and make sense of things before I can make nonsense of them. 	1
With regard to the foregoing, a number of Member States have requested that attention be drawn to their positions (as stated by their delegations at successive sessions of the General Assembly), in particular with respect of the following:	0
Under the terms of resolution 50/83 of 15 December 1995, those authorized retained surpluses were reduced proportionately by a total of $15.3 million to offset in part the waiver of South Africa’s unpaid contributions to various peacekeeping operations for the period from 30 September 1974 to 23 June 1994.	0
We like what Barack Obama says, but we don't do anything about it. 	1
Schedule of income and expenditure and reserves and fund balances for the six-month period of the biennium 1996-1997 ending 30 June 1996	0
And the only reason I really know that is because of one interview I did with Senator William Fulbright, and that was six months after he'd had a stroke. 	1
Some of them were very brilliant, some of them were, you know, ordinary people who would never claim to be intellectuals, but it was never about that. 	1
He subsequently got married again at 102, so he, you know, he had a lot of the life force in him. 	1
We were on the stage and then -- by the way, spectacular. 	1
But I hadn't asked that, and then she went off on a tear, and she said, "Oh, well, there was that one time that I was an actress. 	1
c Includes assessed contributions irrespective of collectability.	0
Agnes de Mille is one of the great choreographers in our history. 	1
Half of her body was stricken, the other half not. 	1
a The comparative column reflects the period from 1 July 1995 to 30 June 1996 to conform to the new reporting cycle from 1 July to 30 June for peacekeeping missions adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 49/233 of 23 December 1994.	0
So she is just one amongst the millions who are blind. 	1
Statement of income and expenditure and changes in reserves and fund balances for the period from 1 May 1992 to 30 June 1997 as at 30 June 1997	0
 Dr. V: I used to sit with the ordinary village man because I am from a village, and suddenly you turn around and seem to be in contact with his inner being, you seem to be one with him. 	1
Here a community camp just organized by the community themselves, where they find a place, organize volunteers, and then we'll do our part. You know, check their vision, and then you have doctors who you find out what the problem is and then determine what further testing should be done, and then those tests are done by technicians who check for glasses, or check for glaucoma. 	1
c Represents gain on exchange from revaluation of accounts payable expressed in local currency.	0
They receive surgery the following day, and then they will stay for a day or two, and then they are put back on the buses to be taken back to where they came from, and where their families will be waiting to take them back home. 	1
Assessed contributions unpaidb (schedule 31.1)	0
The revenues increase at a higher level, giving us a healthy margin while you're treating a large number of people for free. 	1
Formerly such changes had been included in the fund balance section of the statement of assets and liabilities;	0
Amount in millions of United States dollars	0
And to my mind, those are pretty wise words, no matter what your creed. Thank you. 	1
Trust Fund for Economic Revitalization and Restoration of Essential Services in Eastern Slavonia	0
They sat in silence through their trails, waving occasionally at family and friends. 	1
In particular, one person had put it forward. 	1
III. Recommendation of the First Committee	0
The center committee of the Red Brigades had judged me too single-minded and too opinionated to become a good terrorist. 	1
The General Assembly, recalling its resolution 52/12 B of 19 December 1997 and bearing in mind the need to enhance the efficient functioning of the Disarmament Commission, decides that:	0
Because she believed that the only way to unblock what, at the time, was known as a blocked democracy, Italy, a country run by the same party for 35 years was the arms struggle. 	1
(ii) Will conduct its work by combining the existing phases in the programme of work: “Structured discussion of specific subjects on the adopted thematic approach on disarmament and international security agenda items” and “Consideration of all draft resolutions submitted under all agenda items”, provided that sufficient time is allowed for informal consultations and discussions on all draft resolutions;	0
Annexes Financial performance information since inception (15 October 1992) as at 30 June 1997: summary statement	0
In 2007, I traveled to three war zones. 	1
And Joshua remains silent as they vented their rage against him. 	1
I came back to India and nobody was interested in buying the story. 	1
Sometimes, focusing on what's heroic, beautiful and dignified, regardless of the context, can help magnify these intangibles three ways, in the protagonist of the story, in the audience, and also in the storyteller. 	1
This isn't about Reddit itself, it's actually about humpback whales. 	1
The whales were getting killed; they wanted to put an end to it. 	1
IV. Authorized staffing and actual deployment of military and civilian personnel for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 V.	0
And the way it works is, it comes from the southwest. 	1
8. The action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session in connection with the financing of MINURSO is a decision to credit Member States the unencumbered balance of $2,570,300 gross ($2,163,200 net) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997. Annex II Description	0
And one thing you need to know about dragonflies, one important thing, is that they lay their eggs in fresh water. 	1
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops	0
Another important point of these sand banks is that when it rains, the rainwater soaks down into the soil. So, it's gone. 	1
And the first thing I did was started recording when they turned up in the Maldives. 	1
Consequently, additional requirements of $182,800 resulted from the actual troop strength (289 person/months) being higher than the estimated strength (120 person/months) by 169 person/months.	0
I got on my bicycle, and I cycled around the island of Malé. 	1
The unutilized balance of $32,900 was realized from the actual number of force orderly personnel (seven) being slightly lower than the budgeted number (eight).	0
While provision was made for 48 trips (40 repatriations and 8 rotations) at an average cost of $3,900 per person round trip, actual travel totalled 67 trips (20 repatriations and 47 rotations), at an average cost of $4,600 per person round trip.	0
The provision of $96,000 has been fully obligated to cover potential claims from death, disability and injury to military personnel and civilian police observers.	0
It doesn't make sense. There is nothing for them in Maldives. 	1
The unutilized balance of $431,800 was attributable to (a) the actual average number of international staff (101) being slightly lower than the authorized number (102); and (b) the higher percentage of staff on appointments of limited duration.	0
And they fly south. As the monsoon withdraws to the south they come down through Karnataka, into Kerala. 	1
The planned and actual deployment of local staff are shown in annex III.	0
And they are breeding in the rains of Africa. 	1
A complete circuit of the Indian Ocean. 	1
Actual expenditures for the reporting period amounted to $275,900 for the purchase of spare parts for the repair and maintenance of an ageing fleet operating in harsh climatic conditions.	0
The unutilized balance of $1,800 resulted from the non-obligation of the resources provided.	0
The provision was not utilized owing to the lower level of activity of the Mission.	0
Now, synesthesia is the experience of a stimulus in once sense organ in another sense organ as well, such as colored hearing. 	1
Okay, I think 99.9 would about cover it. 	1
Metaphor creates a kind of conceptual synesthesia, in which we understand one concept in the context of another. 	1
He famously used thought experiments, which are essentially elaborate analogies, to come up with some of his greatest discoveries. 	1
B. Requirements for non-recurrent costs (demining activities)	0
Often it is the constraining or the back-to-the-wall situation that the hapless common man finds himself or herself in that leads him to pay a bribe. 	1
The monthly breakdown of the combined additional requirements for MINURSO for the resumption of identification process and for demining activities is contained in annex III.B to the present report.	0
I've always been very worried about resource. 	1
And as we try to lift billions of people out of poverty in the Third World, in the developing world, we're using energy faster and faster. 	1
You get them closer and closer and closer and then at some point the strong force grips them together. 	1
And inside it, right in the middle of this toroidal shape, doughnut shape, right in the middle is 150 million degrees. 	1
You know, we fought hard to get at least a small Pakistani contingent to come. 	1
Well, I learned a lot of things about ballooning, especially at the end of these balloon flights around the world I did with Brian Jones. 	1
Well, in a balloon it's easy, we have ballast. 	1
Sand, water, all the equipment we don't need anymore. 	1
Well, these basically are things I believed in such a long time. 	1
(b) Provision of $157,500 is made for the lease of the MI-8 helicopter for 2.5 months for 70 base hours per month at a cost of $750 per hour ($52,500) and 30 additional hours per month at a cost of $350 per hour ($10,500) for a total monthly cost of $63,000 per month.	0
Well, in balloons we need weather men, the one who calculate the direction of each layer of wind, at which altitude, in order to help the balloonist. 	1
Ballistic-protective blankets for vehicles	0
And when the capsule of my balloon was introduced officially in the Air and Space Museum in Washington, together with the airplane of Charles Lindbergh, with Apollo 11, with the Wright Brothers' Flyer, with Chuck Yeager's 61, I had really a thought then. 	1
I thought, well, the 20th century, that was brilliant. 	1
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi	0
But it will not be possible in the future any more. 	1
And this is when the project Solar Impulse really started to turn in my head. 	1
That means to load the batteries during the flight, in order to spend the night on the batteries, and fly the next day again. 	1
Why that? Because fuel is not easy to replace. 	1
Chief, Engineering Section (P-4: one post)	0
The same time we load the batteries, we run the engines, and when we get at the maximum height, we arrive at the beginning of the night. 	1
Under the supervision of the Chief, Engineering Section, the incumbent would be responsible for providing backstopping and administrative support; drafting, processing and tracking requisitions and material request orders for the provision of engineering materials and/or services; maintaining case files; monitoring the procurement and delivery process and tracking engineering expenditures in the Mission; updating information in computerized tracking system on requisitions; and assisting in the drafting of reports and correspondence.	0
So, we have to start, and show the example. 	1
Because it's as though this neuron is adopting the other person's point of view. 	1
I mean, I empathize with that person but I don't literally feel the touch. 	1
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999	0
You've dissolved the barrier between you and other human beings. 	1
Actual and pro forma expenditures amounted to $283,976,700 gross ($269,677,000 net).	0
Moving on to something a bit larger, this is an X-ray of a bus. 	1
Contributions received for the period amounted to $234,258,759.	0
And I'm sure those architects are inspired, as I am, by what surrounds us, by nature. 	1
Emplacement, rotation and repatriation of troops	0
The other 90 percent is dictated by our lifestyle. 	1
Spirituality? And how about how we socialize? 	1
Well, our approach to finding longevity was to team up with National Geographic, and the National Institute on Aging, to find the four demographically confirmed areas that are geographically defined. 	1
It's actually a Bronze Age culture that's been isolated. 	1
Here in Sardinia, the older you get the more equity you have, the more wisdom you're celebrated for. 	1
And one of the questions, they were very culturally astute, the people who put the questionnaire. 	1
a The average strength excludes 45 vehicles that have been ordered but not yet delivered.	0
In America here, life expectancy for the average woman is 80. 	1
So, if you go to an Adventist's party you don't see people swilling Jim Beam or rolling a joint. 	1
So for the next three days he was out shoveling cement, and hauling poles around. 	1
Diets don't work. No diet in the history of the world has ever worked for more than two percent of the population. 	1
This is an average size king cobra, about 12 feet long. 	1
Provision of $40,600 is made for the clothing and equipment allowance for 203 military observers at a rate of $200 per annum.	0
I had the pleasure of being close to this large king cobra who had caught a venomous pit viper. 	1
We were piloted, I could say, by a highly autocratic stateswoman, but who also had an incredible passion for environment. 	1
(ii) Three 7-day official trips to New York by the Special Representative of the Secretary-General and the Chief Administrative Officer for consultations and meetings at a cost of $15,300 ($3,600 per round-trip air fare and $1,500 seven days’ subsistence allowance per person per trip);	0
It does have big teeth, however, and it's kind of hard to convince people if an animal has big teeth, that it's a harmless creature. 	1
So, in fact at this point there are only 200 breeding gharial left in the wild. 	1
Provision of $30,000 is made for landing fees and ground handling charges at an estimated monthly cost of $2,500.	0
So, in order to try to find out the answer to this, we got veterinarians from all over the world working with Indian vets to try to figure out what was happening. 	1
So, we all know about the Narmada river, the tragedies of dams, the tragedies of huge projects which displace people and wreck river systems without providing livelihoods. 	1
Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General	0
Whereas other king cobras very often come into the human interface, you know, the plantations, to find big rat snakes and stuff. 	1
And the bear cubs were being harvested from across the country and being sold and traded. 	1
So, basically in 2002 there were 1,200 dancing bears. 	1
We have the traffic police and municipal corporation helping us. 	1
13. Also at the same meeting, the representative of the United States of America requested that draft decision A/C.5/52/L.26 be put to a vote.	0
3. Implementation of General Assembly resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25	0
19. At the 59th meeting, on 27 March, the Chairman orally proposed a draft decision entitled "Implementation of resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25", following informal consultations, which the Committee adopted without a vote (see para. 20, draft decision IV).	0
KBS: Girls and boys in Hyderabad, going out, pretty difficult, but they did it. 	1
Documentation related to the Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names	0
Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the use of consultants	0
(c) Also decides to retain the balance amount with a view to financing the activities of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, as requested in General Assembly resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, taking into account the recommendations of the Secretary-General in this regard.	0
PROGRAMME BUDGET FOR THE BIENNIUM 1998-1999	0
(e) Report of the Secretary-General on office accommodation at the Palais Wilson (A/C.5/52/19 and Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1).	0
What the Frigoris you doing? Names are important. 	1
A. Draft decision proposed by the Chairman	0
I'll meet you at Frigoris. No. I don't think so. 	1
of organs and subsidiary organs of the United Nations	0
We've got to change this stuff up fast. 	1
 These are people naming planets, and they won't use their first names. 	1
Reduction and refocusing of non-programme costs	0
"6. Requests the Secretary-General to submit proposals on the use of the funds available in section 34 of the programme budget for the biennium 1998-1999 to the relevant intergovernmental bodies, as soon as possible and not later than 31 July 1998".	0
He's got no body, no man, just a head floating high. 	1
Recalling further its resolutions 52/220 and 52/221 of 22 December 1997,	0
The reality, now here is something important. 	1
(d) Specific proposals on the programmatic objectives and direction of the Development Account, in accordance with the priorities set out in the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, taking into consideration the complementarity of the activities of the Development Account with other relevant sections of the programme budget;	0
It doesn't plug in to what they suspected a flat universe would be. 	1
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on procurement reform (A/52/534 and Corr.1);	0
 Not a good picture. Now, my friends in the island of Nevis are a little better. Look at that! That's Isaac Newton. 	1
11. Also regrets that the information requested in paragraphs 18 and 37 of its resolution 51/231 was not provided in the report of the Secretary-General, and emphasizes that immediate action should be taken for full implementation of the resolution;	0
(b) All invitations to bid should be sent to the permanent missions, as well as to all United Nations information centres and other United Nations offices;	0
And the reason I just bring this up because it is a law that doesn't really work. 	1
(a) Report of the Secretary-General containing revised draft guidelines for type II gratis personnel (A/52/698);	0
 And you'll see over here, these are multiples of the number 27. 	1
(f) Second and third quarterly reports of the Secretary-General on the acceptance of type II gratis personnel (A/C.5/52/43 and A/C.5/52/51);	0
 That just doesn't fall out of a tree, ladies and gentlemen. 	1
The General Assembly decides to defer consideration of the question of the Guidelines for Internal Control Standards pending a report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions thereon.	0
And look at this, built within it is the Golden Ratio. 	1
Strengthening of external oversight mechanisms	0
REVIEW OF THE EFFICIENCY OF THE ADMINISTRATIVE AND FINANCIAL FUNCTIONING OF THE UNITED NATIONS	0
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
9. Requests the Secretary-General to complete, as a matter of priority, the process of recruitment of staff to replace type II gratis personnel in accordance with resolution 51/243 by the end of February 1999, including through the redeployment of staff, recruitment of civilians, civilian police and serving military officers of Member States, as well as through changes in work distribution and methods, and to ensure adequate handover arrangements to provide the continuity of expertise and the proper and efficient functioning of all departments concerned, in accordance with Articles 97, 100 and 101 of the Charter of the United Nations;	0
And I asked him, how long is it possible to go without breathing, like how long could I go without air? 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)	0
And it's so high in oxygen levels that in theory you could breathe it. 	1
So, I got my hands on that chemical, filled the sink up with it, and stuck my face in the sink and tried to breathe that in, which was really impossible. 	1
I ate really small controlled portions throughout the day. 	1
10. On each side of the area of separation there is an area of limitation with three zones that are 0-10 kilometres, 10-20 kilometres and 20-25 kilometres wide, respectively.	0
  In January of '08, Oprah gave me four months to prepare and train. 	1
The outstanding balance of $49.4 million includes an amount of $36 million transferred to a special account in accordance with General Assembly resolution 36/116 A of 10 December 1981.	0
And what he did in response, is he went on Regis and Kelly, and broke his old record. 	1
16. The General Assembly, in paragraph 14 of its resolution 51/232, invited voluntary contributions to UNDOF both in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General.	0
Then his main competitor went out and broke his record. 	1
25. A detailed breakdown of the cost estimates, by line item, is presented in annex I, column 2.	0
1. No provision is required under this heading.	0
And I went to 17 minutes and four seconds. 	1
Provision is made for a total of 378,505 person/days at the rate of $5.50 per person/day ($2,081,777), an overlap of 0.5 per cent ($10.409), and extra rations for holidays ($15,965).	0
Provision is made for the payment of subsistence allowance to military personnel who are assigned to duty stations where United Nations accommodation and/or mess facilities are not available or who are on duty travel within the mission area, including supply transport trips and inspection trips.	0
Contemporary artists in India are having a conversation with the world like never before. 	1
Local salaries reflect the scale currently applicable in the mission area.	0
This next artist, N.S. Harsha, actually has a studio right here in Mysore. 	1
17. No provision is required under this heading.	0
This next artist is probably the alpha male of contemporary Indian art, Subodh Gupta. 	1
18. No provision is required under this heading.	0
He celebrates these local and mundane objects globally, and on a grander and grander scale, by incorporating them into ever more colossal sculptures and installations. 	1
19. No provision is required under this heading.	0
These are actually wires wrapped in muslin and steeped in vegetable dye. 	1
But still ways to go to get stem cells into patients, in terms of actual therapies for organs. 	1
We take muscle cells, we paste, or coat the outside with these muscle cells, very much like baking a layer cake, if you will. 	1
59. No provision is required under this heading.	0
We then take a scaffold that we shape like a bladder. 	1
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization —	0
When we did the first clinical trial for these patients we actually created the scaffold specifically for each patient. 	1
65. No provision is made under this heading, since the budget of the Logistics Base will be presented separately to the General Assembly.	0
But there are other hollow organs that have added complexity to it. 	1
67. The estimate represents the difference between gross and net emoluments, that is, the amount of staff assessment to which United Nations staff members are subject, in accordance with the Staff Regulations of the United Nations.	0
We exercise these prior to implantation. 	1
This is actually digits that we're engineering. 	1
This is actually one of the strategies. We use a printer. 	1
It's actually printing this two chamber heart, one layer at a time. 	1
X. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session	0
If we cannot use smart biomaterials, then we'd rather use your very own cells. 	1
II. Recurrent and non-recurrent costs for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998	0
We can take cells from you, create the structure, put it right back into you, they will not reject. 	1
(b) To cooperate with the Commission on National Reconciliation and its subcommissions, and with the Central Commission on Elections and the Holding of a Referendum;	0
The signing of the General Agreement and the subsequent convening of the Commission on National Reconciliation launched a period of transition during which the refugees are to return; the UTO fighters are to be demobilized or reintegrated into the governmental structures; the armed forces, police and security apparatus are to be formed; and the democratic processes in the country are to be improved, leading to elections and the formation of a new Government.	0
 But actually method A is the correct approach. 	1
Contributions to the trust fund to date total $54,224 in cash and $67,000 in the form of a letter of credit.	0
Because my physicians constantly ask me questions about this. 	1
How many people in the room have spent the majority of their life in the white space? 	1
And this is where he has spent most of his time. 	1
So, our cell phones can now build a place history. 	1
We actually created an artificial schism between creation and execution, as if you could actually create without knowing how to execute and as if you could actually execute without knowing how to create. 	1
(a) Rehabilitation/reintegration assistance to demobilized military forces	0
You notice that there is no proscenium, the balconies have been raised up, there are no seats, the floor in the auditorium is flat. 	1
In this case what we're doing is we're taking the orchestra floor, lifting it up, spinning it, changing the rake, taking it back to flat floor, changing the rake again. In essence, you can begin to define rakes and viewing angles Here you see the chairs being spun around to go from proscenium or end stage to thrust configuration. 	1
I went and I spent time in a place called Bukavu in a hospital called the Panzi Hospital, with a doctor who was as close to a saint as any person I've ever met. 	1
In the Congo, for those of you who don't know, there has been a war raging for the last 12 years, a war that has killed nearly six million people. 	1
I remember, for example, when my father, who was very, very violent, used to beat me. 	1
Because my crying somehow exposed his brutality to him. 	1
I've seen girls who were beaten by their mothers and brothers and fathers and uncles. 	1
The selling of girls is rampant across the planet. 	1
Additional provision is made for 76 military observers at the rate of 1 per cent of $40,000 per military observer for the six-month period ($15,200).	0
Dorcas is 15 years old, and she was trained in self-defense. 	1
16. No provision is required under this heading.	0
She knew that meant she wouldn't go to school. 	1
21. Alteration and renovation of premises.	0
And I give you my word, here and now, that we will not cut your sisters either." 	1
And I will be in your corner for the rest of your life." 	1
26. No provision is required under this heading.	0
It's all bad. My brothers get everything." 	1
UNMOT currently has 65 vehicles (52 operational and 13 under write-off action), with 8 additional vehicles being provided under the current budget.	0
Provision is made for 60 vehicles less than one year old at the standard rate of $100 per vehicle per month and for 62 vehicles older than one year at the standard rate of $500 per vehicle per month.	0
I love that I do not take things lightly. 	1
I know my father isn't coming back, and that no one's prepared for the fire. 	1
Provision is based on the yearly rate of $5,500 for the MI-8 helicopter for the six-month period.	0
Don't tell me not to cry, to calm it down, not to be so extreme, to be reasonable. 	1
This seems counterintuitive, but turns out that as infant mortality is reduced, population sizes also decrease, because parents don't need to anticipate that their babies are going to die. 	1
Additional provision is made in the amount of $34,400 for the purchase of medical supplies, taking into account approved resources of $10,000.	0
And you say then, "OK, then how do you know your home address?" 	1
So, for example, there are doctors in China who believe that it's their job to keep you healthy. 	1
(b) Provision of food, including transportation and distribution 2 444 400	0
But in this case we cracked it, but a big part of the problem still remains. 	1
I'll start with insulin, diabetes medication in the U.S. 	1
when you mix different varieties of rice side by side. 	1
The Chief Integrated Support Service Officer will assist the Chief Administrative Officer with the overall administration and management of the technical mission support.	0
This machine is really strange, and one of the consequences is that people are weird. 	1
See, when we were dealing with our biology, bacteria, the genes, the things inside here, the blood? 	1
Because if some of your troops get diarrhea they're not that effective on the battlefield. 	1
The Officer will also prepare and process allowances earned by mission personnel, will be in charge of implementing the financial rules, regulations and instructions, will act as approving officer and will be responsible for ensuring that payments have been properly certified and have not been duplicated, and that adequate supporting documents exist.	0
The Aviation Safety Specialist will facilitate and oversee the safe and expeditious flow of aircraft operations and ensure that all flight standards are in accordance with authorized civil aviation administration guidelines.	0
So, what I want you to think about for a few minutes is: How would you convey safety of the BMW? Okay? 	1
(g) To coordinate United Nations assistance to Tajikistan during the transition period;	0
I think this tells us there is an opportunity. 	1
B. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 16 December 1994 to 30 June 1998	0
We're on the verge of a whole new social science. 	1
16. Voluntary contributions in kind total $70,537.	0
(iii) At the end of the additional four-year period, any unliquidated obligations shall be cancelled and the then remaining balance of any appropriations retained therefor shall be surrendered.	0
We work closely with companies that have operational capacity, or nonprofits that have operational capacity. 	1
25. The proposed budget, exclusive of the support account of peacekeeping operations, represents an increase of 34 per cent, in gross terms, as compared with the revised budget of the preceding 12-month period.	0
This has actually been, to me, a gift, because we began a journey to learn a new way of thinking about life. 	1
1 July 1998-30 June 1999 Approved staffing (1)	0
So, the first set of pathologies, they end up in the stick man on his icon, but the rest of them are really what's important here. 	1
There are so many other people sharing their stories. 	1
Look at this HIV patient down here, Zinny. 	1
Includes medical clinic and transportation workshop.	0
And you can see here, as this animates over, Steven's actual data against the background of all other patients, against this information. 	1
This has become available for the expansion.	0
And if anyone's ever had severe constipation, and you don't understand how much of an impact that has on your life -- yes, that was a pun. 	1
No one's ever had this kind of information. 	1
Increase due to the provision of resources for the expanded mission over a 12-month period.	0
You've seen multiple of these today, when everyone's bragging about the amazing things they've done. 	1
(c) Other costs pertaining to military observers 56 400	0
So, we couldn't run a clinical trial, we couldn't figure it out. 	1
Salaries of locally recruited staff reflect the scale currently applicable in the mission area.	0
The estimate provides for a total of 100 flight hours per month for the two helicopters and is based on an average fuel usage of 865 litres per hour at an average cost of $0.55 per litre of jet fuel ($570,900).	0
There's an example of the same thing on a finger, showing you basically what it looks like. 	1
The estimate provides for 85 flight hours per month for the AN-26 and is based on an average fuel usage of 1,127.4 litres per hour at an average cost of $0.55 per litre of jet fuel ($632,500).	0
No provision is made under this heading.	0
And that problem is now, in a purely engineering way, solved. 	1
49. No provision is made under this heading.	0
They'll make, we estimate that if you were to run them 24 hours a day they'd make about 10 million tests a year. 	1
And there is an example of the kind of thing that you see. 	1
In addition, provision is made for the maintenance of workshop equipment for vehicles such as vehicle lifts, compressors, hydraulic jacks, spray painting apparatus and tyre changing machines in order to keep this equipment at the level required to comply with health and safety regulations in the Mission ($3,000).	0
They're everywhere, six billion a month in India. 	1
But now the question is: How do you make it flow under and over in a piece of paper? 	1
And it's an important issue because it means that we have to, as a society, think about what we value. 	1
No provision is made under this heading.	0
And if it's just papers and phys. rev. letters, we've got a problem. 	1
A/52/775/Add.1 The action to be taken by the General Assembly, set out in paragraph 42 of the report, comprises the approval of the amount of $43,009,000 gross ($41,269,700 net) for the maintenance of the Force for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 and the appropriation and assessment of $22,752,433 gross ($21,013,133 net) for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, subject to the extension(s) of the Force by the Security Council.	0
The output are our symptoms: Do we have pain? Is the cancer growing? Do we feel bloated, etc.? 	1
E. Status of the special account established prior to 16 June 1993	0
So, about the worst kind of breast cancer you can get. 	1
4. With regard to voluntary contributions to UNFICYP, one third of the cost of the Force is provided by the Government of Cyprus; in addition, the Government of Greece has pledged an annual contribution of $6.5 million.	0
So, the problem is, yours and mine, all of our systems are changing. 	1
The appropriation was inclusive of the voluntary contributions from the Governments of Cyprus and Greece, with the amount of $28,976,867 gross ($26,853,867 net) to be assessed on Member States, subject to the decision of the Security Council to extend the mandate of UNFICYP beyond 30 June 1997.	0
I mean, this is a scary slide, not to take an aside, but it looks at obesity in the world. 	1
However, since 15 July 1974, the Council has adopted a number of resolutions that required the Force to perform certain additional or modified functions relating, in particular, to the maintenance of the ceasefire.	0
So, our systems today are dramatically different than our systems a decade or two ago. 	1
As of January 1998, the total number of staff involved in humanitarian activities in UNFICYP is as follows: at UNFICYP headquarters, 3 military officers and 2 civilian police officers, 2 non-commissioned officers (NCOs) 2 clerks and 1 local secretary and, in the contingents, 2 officers and 1 NCO in Sector 1, 2 officers and 4 NCOs in Sector 2, 2 officers and 2 NCOs in Sector 4 and one NCO stationed at Camp Command.	0
That cancer recurred, and she passed away three years later from lung cancer, but she got three years from a drug whose symptoms predominately were acne. 	1
For the period from 16 June 1993 to 31 December 1997, voluntary contributions from the two Governments totalled $99,186,967.	0
But they did that, and what they found is that 70 percent of the non-responders lived much longer and did better than people who got placebo. 	1
As at 31 December 1997, a total of 331 staff were on board, consisting of 42 international and 289 local staff.	0
And so, as a cancer doctor, instead of having paper in my chart, in your chart, and it being this thick, this is what data flow is starting to look like in our offices, where that drop of blood is creating gigabytes of data. 	1
Annex I Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999	0
TS: No.  TS: The first one I did was in the late 70's, and I just had a simple cone with a spigot at the bottom of it. 	1
I sort of think about it as the DNA -- these colors, the red, blue, yellow, the primary colors and white and black. 	1
I want to just say -- so this is Jack, Nick and Louie. 	1
TS: I'm just going to throw this into an orbit and see if I can paint everybody's shoes in the front. 	1
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel	0
JH: Well, I love the idea that somewhere within this idea of fine motion and control with the traditional skills that you have with your hand, some sort of more elemental force gets revealed, and that's the beauty here. 	1
They were the actors of this global market, which I mentioned in the beginning. 	1
No, we are talking about 10 million, 20 million dollars on the Swiss bank accounts, on the bank accounts of Liechtenstein, of the president's ministers, the high officials in the para-statal sectors. 	1
We had this small NGO, Transparency International. 	1
We had here in Berlin, at the Aspen Institute on the Wannsee, we had sessions with about 20 captains of industry, and we discussed with them what to do about international bribery. 	1
This is what these other cultures demand. 	1
This case, they are not prosecuting in the UK. 	1
Includes monthly cost for diesel, oil and gas. Firewood	0
Most of the large companies are now totally convinced that they have to put in place very strong policies against bribery and so on. 	1
We have an awful, awful reality right now. 	1
  Every single one of those in the red is a diet-related disease. 	1
Obesity costs you Americans 10 percent of your health-care bills, 150 billion dollars a year. 	1
He's fed up with burying his friends, his family, his community. 	1
Exicom Hawk rural telephone transmitter test set	0
This stuff goes through you and your family's body every week. 	1
Stacy: Just feeling really sad and depressed right now. 	1
There needs to be a new standard of fresh, proper food for your children, yeah? 	1
The cost estimate provides for worldwide third-party liability coverage for 36 United Nations-owned and 69 contingent-owned (fuel-consuming) vehicles at the rate of $103 per vehicle per year ($10,800).	0
All I can say is: I care. I'm a father, and I love this country. 	1
The total of 90 flight hours per month represents a reduction of 10 hours per month, as compared to the prior financial period. However, owing to the higher charter costs associated with the use of the medium helicopter, total resource requirements under this line item represent an increase over the prior period.	0
 When I was in Huntington, trying to get a few things to work when they weren't, I thought "If I had a magic wand, what would I do?" 	1
(a) Two Cylink Spread Spectrum microwave units to provide UNFICYP with reliable facsimile and data traffic, e-mail and secure crypto traffic from sector headquarters to company headquarters ($46,000);	0
OK, notice there's now a roof above us. 	1
Provision is also made for the acquisition of 8 additional hand-held binoculars to enhance patrol capabilities, for surveillance of demonstrators, to assist in locating intruders in the buffer zone and for the close scrutiny of inaccessible areas of the buffer zone ($800).	0
There was even a story recently that scientists had thought about actually replacing rats in their experiments with politicians. 	1
That's the argument I want to make tonight. 	1
48. No provision is required under this heading.	0
Well, I'm afraid you're going to suffer a short, condensed history lesson about what I would say are the three passages of history: the pre-bureaucratic age, the bureaucratic age and what we now live in, which I think is a post-bureaucratic age. 	1
A simpler way of thinking of it is that we have gone from a world of local control, then we went to a world of central control, and now we're in a world of people control. 	1
51. No provision is required under this heading.	0
You could just about go to war and that was about it. 	1
Look at what this does. This is a simple piece of behavioral economics. 	1
The best way to get someone to cut their electricity bill is to show them their own spending, to show them what their neighbors are spending, and then show what an energy conscious neighbor is spending. 	1
Again, a sentiment that was so noble and beautifully put 40 years ago, and a beautiful dream 40 years ago, but now with the huge advances in information technology, with the massive changes in behavioral economics, with all that we know about how you advance well-being, that if we combine those insights of giving power to people, and using information to make that possible, and using the insight of going with the grain of human nature, 	1
And so, they had minimal technology, but they had some technology. 	1
There are no Neanderthal fossils that are older than 40 years old that we've ever found, and the average age of most of these hunter-gatherer tribes is 20 to 30. 	1
Further to my letters dated 4 February, 23 and 31 March, 27 April, 6 and 15 May, 2 and 4 June, 7 and 30 July and 24 August 1998 (A/52/785 and Corr.1 and Add.1-10), I have the honour to inform you that Seychelles has made the necessary payment to reduce its arrears below the amount specified in Article 19 of the Charter.	0
So, we've invented ourselves. Of all the animals that we have domesticated, the most important animal that we've domesticated has been us. Okay? 	1
to the President of the General Assembly	0
My working definition of technology is "anything useful that a human mind makes." 	1
Letter dated 2 June 1998 from the Secretary-General	0
The provision of central support services to the peacekeeping missions in the former Yugoslavia was transferred from the former United Nations Peace Forces headquarters to UNMIBH as at 1 July 1997.	0
These liaison offices are required in view of the interrelated nature of the situations in the various areas of the former Yugoslavia and because of the importance of the policies of the Governments of Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia regarding events within the region.	0
It was in a grizzly bear preserve, although no one told me that before we went. 	1
29. The cost breakdown in annex I (column 1) also shows the requirements for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 contained in the report of the Secretary-General of 31 July 1997 (A/51/519/Add.5).	0
It's not the basis of the rule of law, it's not the basis of a free society. 	1
Descriptions of non-recurrent costs are contained in section B and a supplementary explanation of the cost estimates is provided in section C.	0
So, let's pull back from the anecdotes for a second and look at our society from high above. 	1
Five posts are to be redeployed from other areas, resulting in requirements for 13 additional posts, including 3 programmers for database support, 2 LAN administrators, and 3 help desk technicians.	0
We also surveyed that. Seventy-eight percent of the middle and high school teachers in America have been threatened by their students with violating their rights, with lawsuits by their students. They are threatening, their students. 	1
37. Furthermore, as a result of UNMIBH’s expansion, its fleet has increased by 146 vehicles.	0
There is no reason Europe or China should have the fastest trains." 	1
Procurement of some of the 376 replacement vehicles was initiated in July 1997, while procurement of the remaining vehicles was not initiated until the mandate of UNMIBH had been extended by the Security Council beyond 21 December 1997.	0
Self-consciousness is the enemy of accomplishment. 	1
44. Effective management and operational measures to be taken to reduce vehicle accidents (A/51/872, para. 50).	0
During the financial period 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, budgetary provision was made for the following changes to the UNMIBH vehicle establishment: (a) the replacement of 404 vehicles that had met the standard criteria for write-off (A/41/519/Add.1); (b) 82 vehicles for the enlargement of the mandate authorized under Security Council resolution 1103 (1997) (A/51/519/Add.4); and (c) 48 vehicles for the enlargement of the mandate authorized under Security Council resolution 1107 (1997).	0
During the 1997-1998 financial period, the Mission’s shortage of reliable transport vehicles was exacerbated by two enlargements of the Mission’s strength within a two-month period.	0
And it's especially important to rebuild them for lawsuits. 	1
And what I can say is, in 2016, doctors aren't going to be walking around with stethoscopes. 	1
We're going to zoom in on that a little bit. 	1
The cost of heart failure is 37 billion dollars a year, which is 80 percent related to hospitalization. 	1
"Eric, I want to talk. I want to talk." 	1
This was really fascinating because this gave that quantitation about all the different phases of sleep. 	1
Look at this thing and say, "Well, I didn't think I was a very good sleeper, but actually I did better than average in 50 to 60 year olds." OK? 	1
We can tell who's going to get breast cancer from the various genes. 	1
So, I hope I've convinced you of this, of the impact on hospital clinic resources is profound and then the impact on diseases is equally impressive across all these different diseases and more. 	1
Professional tape recorder, studio Loudspeakers	0
In the early '70s when I started, I got right down in the chutes to see what cattle were seeing. 	1
The estimate is based on 24 nights per month at $50 per night and reflects current expenditures.	0
Now, when I was a young kid I didn't know my thinking was different. 	1
Provision for maintenance services is based on 5 per cent of annual rental costs and reflects actual consumption of services in the mission area.	0
The red lines there are me, and the blue lines are the sex and age-matched control. 	1
More abstract. These are your engineers, your computer programmers. 	1
There's a ton of information on that fire hydrant. 	1
I do lots and lots of flying, and if I was at the FAA, what would I be doing a lot of direct observation of? 	1
Provision is made for vehicle spare parts, repairs and maintenance at the rates shown in section A of the present annex.	0
In this connection, a monthly rate of $500 per vehicle has been applied to 735 vehicles which are old and require higher maintenance than new vehicles, plus $100 per month per vehicle for the remaining 504 vehicles which are under one year old for the first six-month period ending December 1998.	0
And when the pilots walk around the plane, guess what? They can't see that stuff inside the tail. 	1
Additional CD-ROM drives, bit-cards and modems are required to enhance the capacity and ability of current EDP equipment to run programs and move large quantities of data throughout the mission.	0
What can visual thinkers do when they grow up? 	1
A budgeted amount of $47,700 provides for the outfitting and replacement of basic medical equipment in 3 ambulances located at Sarajevo, Tuzla, and Banja Luka.	0
The pattern thinkers, they're the ones that are going to be your mathematicians, your software engineers, your computer programmers, all of those kinds of jobs. 	1
The budgeted amount of $725,000 provides for the cleaning of septic tanks ($80,000), cleaning of premises, garbage removal and solid waste disposal ($135,000), the hiring of an average of 40 cleaners under special service agreement arrangements ($324,000) and the engagement of a contractor at Banja Luka and Tuzla ($162,000).	0
You know, my science teacher was not an accredited teacher. 	1
If you are a blind child in India, you will very likely have to contend with at least two big pieces of bad news. 	1
By its resolution 1150 (1998) of 30 January 1998, the Council extended the mandate of UNOMIG until 31 July 1998.	0
The birth of the idea is from David Hubel and Torsten Wiesel's work, two researchers who were at Harvard, and they got the Nobel Prize in 1981 for their studies of visual physiology, which are remarkably beautiful studies, but I believe some of their work has been extrapolated into the human domain prematurely. 	1
Prakash, as many of you know, is the Sanskrit word for light, and the idea is that in bringing light into the lives of children, we also have a chance of shedding light on some of the deepest mysteries of neuroscience. 	1
2. The present report contains the budget for the maintenance of UNOMIG for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amounts to $20,743,400 gross ($19,756,700 net), including budgeted voluntary contributions in kind totalling $2,294,000.	0
So, the way we study that is, let's say we find a child who has light sensitivity. 	1
The helicopter would be provided through a reconfiguration of the air support resources already approved for the Mission.	0
So, here's what happens very soon after the onset of sight. 	1
The proposals for demining vehicles and engineering personnel envisioned in earlier reports of the Secretary-General to the Security Council and most recently in paragraph 19 of his report of 25 April 1997 (S/1997/340) are still pending.	0
This simple idea has far reaching implications. 	1
29. In addition to the voluntary contribution in cash to the UNOMIG Special Account already reported in the amount of 400,000 Swiss francs (equivalent to $327,600) from the Government of Switzerland, an additional contribution of $513 has been received from the Government of Cyprus.	0
Even before the ball gets to a place, the child is already looking there. 	1
An amount of $65,410 has been authorized for expenditure to date against the trust fund for a road works project in UNOMIG;	0
The Prakash Center will integrate health care, education and research in a way that truly creates the whole to be greater than the sum of the parts. 	1
V. Status of reimbursements to troop-contributing Governments	0
I was sent straight away to my school principal, and my school principal, a sweet nun, looked at my book with disgust, flipped through the pages, saw all the nudes -- you know, I'd been seeing my mother draw nudes and I'd copy her -- and the nun slapped me on my face and said, "Sweet Jesus, this kid has already begun." 	1
Some 64 per cent of the cost is based on standard cost ratios and costs contained in the standard ratio/cost manual, while the remaining 36 per cent covers mission-specific requirements.	0
All my seniors knew me. I felt really special. 	1
(b) UNOMIG share of the annual cost to Jeppesens aircraft database ($1,700), which will be maintained in New York;	0
My father believed in a holistic approach to living, and, you know, every time he taught us, he'd say, "I hate these books, because these books are hijacked by Industrial Revolution." 	1
(c) Subscription to aviation publications ($500).	0
While he still held that worldview, I was 16, I got the best lawyer in town, my older brother Karthik, and I sat him down, and I said, "Pa, from today onwards I've decided I'm going to be disciplined, I'm going to be curious, I'm going to learn something new every day, I'm going to be very hard working, and I'm not going to depend on you emotionally or financially." 	1
 Anyway, the next slide I'm about to show you --  Should I just turn that off? 	1
I thought he was koo koo, but something about that really stuck. 	1
So I said, "I am dead, so I need to be born again." 	1
This is a work, a library I designed for the Robin Hood Foundation. 	1
She said, "Why don't you send me your paintings? 	1
This time, not only did my collectors disappear, the political activists decided to ban me and to threaten me and to forbid me from showing. 	1
I can't deal with any threat. This was a big threat. 	1
I decided to have a child, and before I did that, I quickly studied what can go wrong. 	1
This one is called "What the Fuck Was I Thinking?" 	1
(b) Supplies, services and operating costs	0
And she wrote a little note, she said, "Hey Rags, thank you for the magic carpet ride around the world." 	1
See section C of present annex for additional information.	0
Television started covering cricket. For a long time television said, "We won't cover cricket unless you pay us to cover it." 	1
Entitlement applies to 2 interpreters only recruited from Sochi.	0
Just as England invented cricket, and made the rest of the world play it. 	1
Costs under items 20 and 21 are to be borne by the United Nations.	0
We said, "No, no, no. It's not about when you have to leave; it's about when do you have to reach there?" 	1
We said, "The dollar's quite powerful actually." 	1
If you want to take the game around the world, it's got to be the shortest form of the game. 	1
They could spin on their heads for 80 times in a row. 	1
4. International and local staff salaries.	0
The value of this budgeted contribution in kind is estimated at $2,294,000 per annum, consisting of hire/charter costs inclusive of salaries for the aircrew ($1,918,900), aviation fuel ($256,700), and insurance ($118,400).	0
Let me repeat that: you have spent your entire life learning to be unhappy. 	1
The problem isn't that we have mental models. 	1
And the alternative is that you do not invest in the outcome, you invest in the process. 	1
In response to the increased demands arising from a strengthened involvement in the peacemaking process, the Secretary-General appointed a resident Special Representative/Head of Mission effective 1 July 1997.	0
He's very well-known in the United States and certainly among basketball fans. 	1
The job description for the post is as follows:	0
In addition, keeps the Special Representative of the Secretary-General, the Chief Military Observer and other senior officials informed about United Nations activities in the media and on pertinent political events; prepares public information materials on UNOMIG mandates and activities, as well as other United Nations activities relevant to the mandate; and ensures the dissemination of such information through local mass media — press, radio and television.	0
And if you have children -- raise your hands if you have children. 	1
(d) Assist in the organization of activities for the promotion of international human rights standards through human rights education and the fostering of local capacities of human rights protection, that is, through training for local administrative officials, police, judges, prison officers and non-governmental organizations and in other activities (such as publications) described in the relevant project document;	0
(f) Provide counselling and guidance to procurement staff on the use of the Reality system in relation to procurement activities.	0
And if you start doing that, you will find that your life changes. 	1
Assessed contributions received (see para. 28 of the report)	0
It allows you to set your own criteria The red circles are polling stations, selected by your criteria. 	1
I also talked about community-generated data -- in fact I edited some. 	1
Every flash is an edit. Somebody somewhere looking at the Open Street Map, and realizing it could be better. 	1
Some places, perhaps not as much as they should be. 	1
The map of Port au-Prince at the end of 2009 was not all it could be, not as good as the map of California. 	1
II. Overpayment of mission subsistence allowance	0
Road design makes a difference, particularly intersections, of which there are two types: signalized and unsignalized, which means stop signs. 	1
The applicants have requested an order to rescind the recovery of the overpayments and to return to them the amounts recovered.	0
Discount that back to the present, at five percent: over two million dollars for a stop sign, in each direction. 	1
17. Updated information on the recovery of the overpayment of mission subsistence allowance will be included in subsequent reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of UNIKOM.	0
You couldn't suddenly tell everyone, "OK, remember what you used to do at yield signs? Now do something different." 	1
IV. Authorized staffing, incumbency and vacancy rates for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997	0
Camp Two, another 2,000 feet higher up, what's called the Western Cwm. 	1
The original budget estimate for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 was based on a force strength of 255 military observers with 904 troops (775 infantry and 129 support personnel) and 256 (82 international and 174 local) civilian personnel.	0
The related reduction to the estimates, excluding provision for support account for peacekeeping operations, amounted to $7,059,000 gross ($6,792,500 net), including reductions in the number of military observers from 245 to 195, international staff from 82 to 71 (13 Professional, 19 General Service and 39 Field Service) and local staff from 174 to 170, as well as related reductions in transport operations and contractual services.	0
And, after actually two months of preparation, we built our camps all the way up the mountain. 	1
Unliquidated obligations are reflected in column 6.	0
These are some climbers reaching the top of the icefall just at sun-up. 	1
It becomes very calm, there's no wind at all. 	1
From here, it's about 1,500 feet up at a 30-degree angle to the summit. 	1
(c) Other costs pertaining to military personnel	0
And Rob got that message, but his answer was, "We're both listening." 	1
This is taken from Camp Three, where I was. 	1
 So he was completely lucid, but he was very severely frostbitten. 	1
Okay. This is getting stronger and stronger to the point where it's actually going to be a motivating factor. 	1
Owing to the increased hourly rate on the renewal of the letter-of-assist arrangement effective 14 September 1996.	0
OK, so here is the sort of big idea: If you look out at nature, you find that as you tend to see suspended animation, you tend to see immortality. 	1
Ten years ago, there was a skier in Norway that was trapped in an icy waterfall, and she was there for two hours before they extracted her. 	1
The apportionment of resources was based on the round-trip travel of 195 military observers at $4,000 per round trip and $2,000 per one-way trip for the phased reduction of 50 military observers.	0
And so, what we found out was that, if you take animals that are animated like you and I, and you make them cold -- that is, these were the garden worms -- now they're dead. 	1
No provision was made under this heading.	0
So, I thought, "Wow, I have to get some of this." 	1
Actual expenditures were lower than the apportioned amount, as shown in table 2.	0
Because that moment when you answer the phone is a cognitive test every time that you do it. 	1
Is it a hearing problem or is it a physicality problem? 	1
First night in the nursing home unit where she had been in the same assisted living facility, moved her from one bed to another, kind of threw her, rebroke her pelvis, sent her back to the hospital that she had just come from, no one read the chart, put her on Tylenol, which she is allergic to, broke out, got bedsores, basically, had heart problems, and died from the fall and the complications and the errors that were there. 	1
The unutilized balance of $4,700 was due to the lower consumption of reproduction materials and data-processing supplies.	0
Pursuant to paragraph 3 of General Assembly resolution 52/1 of 15 October 1997, an amount of $408,500, representing the ad hoc prorated share of UNIKOM in the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi was provided during the period.	0
My fifth and final phrase: I have tried for two years, and there were moments when we were quite close, to make this healthcare reform bill be about reform from something and to something, from a mainframe model to a personal health model, or to mean something more than just a debate about the public option and how we're going to finance. 	1
How do we set a going-to-the-moon goal of dealing with the Y2K +10 problem that's coming? 	1
It's not that innovation and technology is going to be the magic pill that cures all, but it's going to be part of the solution. 	1
And we're all talking about this great English icon and saying, "She's a fantastic woman, she does everything. 	1
Knowledge becomes a weight upon wisdom. 	1
And the studio executives, they would say, "Hey, look at Shekhar. He's so prepared." 	1
The disposal of UNPF assets has been guided by the principles endorsed by the General Assembly in section VII of its resolution 49/233 A of 23 December 1994.	0
You're looking for something that comes and hits you. 	1
And I say, "Cate, what do you want to do?"  "You're a great actor, and I like to give to my actors -- why don't you show me what you want to do?" 	1
Annexes I. Summary of the final disposition of assets	0
So the first thing about storytelling that I learned, and I follow all the time is: Panic. 	1
(c) Group III includes two subgroups: III (a) assets written off, with a total inventory value of $56,718,000 (16 per cent) and III (b) assets lost during the course of the mission ($11,216,600 or 3 per cent).	0
So, I will go further, and I say, "I tell a story, and therefore I exist." 	1
I often wonder when I make a film -- I'm thinking of making a film of the Buddha -- and I often wonder: If Buddha had all the elements that are given to a director -- if he had music, if he had visuals, if he had a video camera -- would we get Buddhism better? 	1
So when I work with Rahman who's a great musician, I often tell him, "Don't follow what the script already says. 	1
When I made the sequel to "Elizabeth," here was a story that the writer was telling: A woman who was threatened by Philip II and was going to war, and was going to war, fell in love with Walter Raleigh. 	1
But ultimately, what is a story? It's a contradiction. 	1
B. Breakdown of resources: United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti	0
IV. Supplementary information on the cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999	0
Gross Appropriation (resolution 51/15 B)	0
And we know that it's possible to move along this continuum towards something quite a bit more idyllic, to a place where a conference like this is even conceivable. 	1
Information regarding the status-of-mission agreement with UNTMIH was provided in paragraph 19 of document A/52/512.	0
 Notice that the fact that the concept of health is open, genuinely open for revision, does not make it vacuous. 	1
It doesn't resonate with me. It's not how I chose to view the universe at a small scale. 	1
SH: Well, I think once you admit that we are on the path toward understanding our minds at the level of the brain in some important detail, then you have to admit that we are going to understand all of the positive and negative qualities So, we're going to understand positive social emotion like empathy and compassion, and we're going to understand the factors that encourage it -- whether they're genetic, 	1
So, everything is not going to be up for grabs. 	1
The Brazil Ornithological Society -- so now we're talking only birds -- claims that we have too little knowledge about the species in nature. 	1
Each year, one in 10 taxpayers receives a notice from the IRS. 	1
Consequently, a provision in the amount of $1,379,200 will meet the following costs: (a) reimbursement of costs to a contributing Government, at rates similar to military contingents, for a formed unit of 140 civilian police personnel for the month of December 1998 ($143,100); (b) welfare ($2,300); (c) rations ($53,700); (d) daily allowance ($5,600); (e) mission subsistence allowance for 160 civilian police personnel ($436,000); (f) repatriation travel ($712,000); (g) clothing and equipment allowance ($12,500); and (h) death and disability compensation ($12,500).	0
The oldest rock on Earth is only 3.6 billion. 	1
6. The operational plan and requirements for MONUA, as set out in detail in section II of the report of the Secretary-General of 23 September 1997 (A/52/385) remains unchanged with the exception of the military component.	0
If any place in the world can build an airplane to fly on Mars, it's the Langley Research Center, for almost 100 years a leading center of aeronautics in the world. 	1
8. Column 1 of annex I to the present report sets out in detail the resources approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/8, which amount to $155,000,000 gross ($150,371,600 net) for the operation of the Observer Mission for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998.	0
But, of equal importance, as we fly through the atmosphere of Mars, we transmit that journey, the first flight of an airplane outside of the Earth, we transmit those images back to Earth. 	1
17. The Interpretation and Translation Section has been moved from the Office of the Special Representative of the Secretary-General to the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer to ensure more efficient provision of language services to the Mission.	0
It's a large effort. It's all at NASA Langley Research Center. 	1
So, I began to do a research project of my own. 	1
People do not enslave people to be mean to them. 	1
It's a pretty harrowing linkage between what's happening to our environment and what's happening to our human rights. 	1
They are basically the transport system on a quarry run by a slaveholder. 	1
This is not James, this is one of the kids that he works with. 	1
If we don't take action, we just leave ourselves open to have someone else jerk the strings that tie us to slavery in the products we buy, and in our government policies. 	1
No one in their family has spoken English. 	1
And I felt that my English has improved a lot going there and chatting with friends. 	1
After this Ahmedabad trip I've been like a totally different mingling with people and all of those. 	1
We do not believe in scale because we believe in quality, and scale and numbers will automatically happen. 	1
He was begging by a bus stop a few years ago, got picked up and is now in an orphanage, has been coming to school for the last four and a half months. 	1
And if you ask him what he likes to do he will say, "I like sleeping. 	1
It's a project by The Long Now Foundation, which was founded by TEDsters including Kevin Kelly and Stewart Brand. 	1
Ladies and gentlemen, at TED we talk a lot about leadership and how to make a movement. 	1
The first follower is what transforms a lone nut into a leader. 	1
The resident artist said they got some of their best ideas from the program, because kids don't think about the limitations of how hard it can be to blow glass into certain shapes, they just think of good ideas. 	1
The goal is not to turn kids into your kind of adult, but rather, better adults than you have been, which may be a little challenging, considering your guys' credentials. 	1
But I'm a scientist and I don't like to make data out of anecdotes, so let's look at some data. 	1
25. Alteration and renovation of premises.	0
"We're smackheads; we know where to get clean needles." 	1
There's just kind of an ick factor there. 	1
But in gay men, you've got quite a dramatic rise starting three or four years after treatment became widely available. 	1
Office of the Chief Administrative Officer	0
He's literally, he's got no shoulder on one side, and he's high trans-humeral on the other. 	1
The proposed budget consists of non-recurrent costs of $1,186,200 and recurrent costs of $139,639,200 gross ($135,194,700 net).	0
They were tough questions. There's polarized groups down there. 	1
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999	0
But now we got Eagles out there, F15s, even that Bald Eagle. 	1
2. The General Assembly, by its resolution 52/8 of 31 October 1997, appropriated $155,000,000 gross ($150,371,600 net) for the operation of MONUA for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, to be assessed among Member States in accordance with the scheme set out in the resolution.	0
And what you see over here is a very popular video game, and in this fiction they describe these alien creatures that are robots that have three legs that terrorize Earth. 	1
It is estimated that an amount of $24,873,300 is due for troop costs for the period from 1 June 1997 to 31 January 1998.	0
(b) Participation of the MONUA aviation specialist in a training course organized by the International Civil Aviation Organization.	0
But the current rovers cannot get there. 	1
Currently proposed Under-Secretary-General	0
We actually have a very interesting payload on there. 	1
 So, based on that success, the following year we did the proper mechanical design starting from kinematics. 	1
Dennis Hong: So, there is actually a competition called RoboCup. 	1
This is important, because many times students, they fear or they feel uncomfortable how others might think about their opinions and thoughts. 	1
It carries male sex cells from one flower to another. 	1
Pollen is produced by the anthers of flowers. 	1
Now, those little barbs obviously stick to the insects well, but there is something else that we can tell from this photograph, and that is that you might be able to see a fracture line across what would be the equator of this, if it was the Earth. 	1
That tells me that it's actually been fossilized, this pollen. 	1
And this is where it gets interesting for forensics. 	1
Pollen is tiny. It gets on to things, and it sticks to them. 	1
  I'd like to thank everybody, all the scientists, the philosophers, the architects, the inventors, the biologists, the botanists, the artists ... 	1
♫ Well, you've been so ... ♫ That's innovative, don't you think? 	1
♫ Thank you, thank you ♫ You know what? 	1
In the 1960s and 1970s, the Vietnam War was basically shown in America's living rooms day in, day out. 	1
Frequency counter Multimeter Bench power supply	0
I have dropped a blob of organic yogurt from happy self-actualized local cows on my counter top, and I grab a paper towel and I want to wipe it up. 	1
Now, the average house has about 300 megawatt hours of embodied energy in it; this is the energy it takes to make it -- millions and millions of paper towels. 	1
It was prying my fingers apart and moving to the back of my hand. 	1
The cost estimate provides for: (a) recreational leave for 955 contingent personnel at $10.50 per day for seven days per person for every six-month period of service ($140,400); and (b) other welfare at $4 per person per month for a total of 11,460 person-months ($45,800).	0
The provision includes requirements for hazard duty allowance for an average of 35 per cent of international and 20 per cent of local staff projected to be assigned outside Luanda ($1,115,200).	0
And as you go deeper, that lovely, blue water you were launched in gives way to darker and darker blue. 	1
24. No provision is required under this heading.	0
And the top of this mountain range is splitting apart, creating a rift valley. 	1
In fact, this whole area is like a Yellowstone National Park with all of the trimmings. 	1
In addition, provision is made for the rental of residential premises in the regional and provincial areas at an average total cost of $45,000 per month ($540,000).	0
The surrounding water is just a couple of degrees above freezing. 	1
The cost estimate provides for requirements for minor alterations to and renovation of premises at an average cost of $10,500 per month and takes into account recent actual expenditure.	0
And out of the tops of these tube worms are these beautiful red plumes. 	1
And there's a whole new hydrothermal vent community that has been formed. 	1
It's got living coral, fish all over the place, crystal clear water, and you go, "How did that happen?" 	1
The estimate is based on the provision of 40 block hours per aircraft per month at a cost of $1,200 per hour.	0
The ocean has an amazing ability to recover, if we'll just leave it alone. 	1
(a) Complementary communications 2 787 900	0
In theory, we're thinking, rational human beings. 	1
And if I were to write a volume, it would be called, "Artists Who Have Led My Exhibitions" because my work, in understanding art and in understanding culture, has come by following artists, by looking at what artists mean and what they do and who they are. 	1
The cost estimate includes related freight charges, calculated at 12 per cent of the total value ($15,300).	0
My interest is in artists who understand and rewrite history, who think about themselves of the larger world of art, but who have created new places for us to see and understand. 	1
The provision includes related freight charges estimated at 12 per cent of the total value of the equipment ($8,600).	0
And to do this, I knew that I had to see the way in which artists work, understand the artist's studio as a laboratory, imagine, then, reinventing the museum as a think tank and looking at the exhibition as the ultimate white paper -- asking questions, providing the space to look and to think about answers. 	1
The cost estimate provides for requirements for the support service contract at an average cost of $1,349,400 per month, based on the actual terms of the one-year contract that came into effect on 19 January 1998.	0
The point of that for me was to say -- in that space, in that moment -- that I really, more than anything, wanted to understand how images could work, how images did work, and how artists provided a space bigger than one that we could imagine in our day-to-day lives to work through these images. 	1
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations —	0
I saw chains of jellyfish called siphonophores that were longer than this room, pumping out so much light that I could read the dials and gauges inside the suit without a flashlight; and puffs and billows of what looked like luminous blue smoke; that would swirl up out of the thrusters -- just like when you throw a log on a campfire and the embers swirl up off the campfire, but these were icy, blue embers. 	1
Special Representative of the Secretary-General	0
And we can then do the kinds of things that ecologists do on land, and do nearest neighbor distances. 	1
And this isn't someplace exotic like one of the bioluminescent bays in Puerto Rico, this was actually shot in San Diego Harbor. 	1
I do wish, with their budget, that they might have spent just a tiny bit more money to pay a consulting fee to some poor, starving graduate student, who could have told them that those are the eyes of a fish that's been preserved in formalin. 	1
16 July to 15 September 1993 (decision 47/450 C)	0
We use far-red light, but even that's a problem because it gets absorbed so quickly. 	1
9 February to 31 December 1995 (resolution 51/213)	0
No, I don't do that; I'm a conjurer, who is someone who pretends to be a real magician.  Now, how do we go about that sort of thing? 	1
We paid a lot of money for that information, be we didn't get it. 	1
But it is a cruel, vicious, absolutely conscienceless -- I'll be all right, keep your seats  -- game that these people play. 	1
The Assembly also authorized assessment on Member States at a monthly rate of $22,945,408 gross ($22,185,500 net) subject to the continuation of the mandate of UNTAES beyond 15 July 1997.	0
The Security Council, by its resolution 1145 (1997) of 19 December 1997, established the Support Group with a mandate limited to a single nine-month period beginning on 16 January and ending on 15 October 1998.	0
16. As at 31 December 1997, a total of $445,704,322 has been assessed on Member States in respect of UNTAES for the period from 15 January 1996 to 31 December 1997.	0
29. During the liquidation of UNTAES, the civilian staff will be reduced as follows: from 820 to 589 posts by the end of January 1998, to 405 posts by the end of February and to 288 posts by the end of March, to 239 by the end of April 1998, to 176 by the end of May 1998 and to 48 by the end of June 1998.	0
The Advisory Committee recommended that, before purchase orders are issued, the administration ascertain that the situation of the mission and the level of operational activities indeed require the acquisition of all of the new vehicles.	0
There's nothing like sitting in that library and having a family appear there and say that Mum gave away all the family fortune. 	1
They don't spend a lot of time dicking around. 	1
Ad hominem attacks will get you nowhere. 	1
It's taken me across the globe and introduced me to some amazing people. 	1
By the time I got to Beijing in 1995, it was clear to me, the only way to achieve gender equality was to overturn centuries of oppressive tradition. 	1
She told me women were running underground schools in her communities inside Afghanistan, and that her organization, the Afghan Institute of Learning, had started a school in Pakistan. 	1
Revised cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998: supplementary information	0
Higher cost per trip than originally estimated. Contingents	0
Sakena is a teacher at a time when to educate women is a dangerous business in Afghanistan. 	1
And they need allies from their communities. 	1
We can use our tradition to navigate change. 	1
Well, I myself have spent the past 30 years of my life working on three large projects that really try to take the idea of computation seriously. 	1
So I started off at a young age as a physicist using computers as tools. 	1
So we normally think of programs as being complicated things that we build for very specific purposes. 	1
Cost of commercially supplied electricity, water and fuel.	0
Here's a representation of a really simple program. 	1
You can see a lot of diversity in the behavior here. 	1
The estimate under this heading represents the difference between gross and net emoluments, that is, the amount of staff assessment to which United Nations staff members are subject in accordance with the Staff Regulations of the United Nations.	0
I mean, anyone will be able to say what they want in plain language. 	1
Well, so, that leads to kind of an ultimate question: Could it be that someplace out there in the computational universe we might find our physical universe? 	1
It's taken us a long way already, but there's so much more to come. 	1
I sat down one day and wrote two versions of my own obituary, the one that I wanted, a life of adventure, and the one that I was actually heading for which was a nice, normal, pleasant life, but it wasn't where I wanted to be by the end of my life. 	1
Security services will be provided by local security firms or individual contractors under the supervision of international Security Officers.	0
 The Atlantic Rowing Race runs from the Canaries to Antigua, it's about 3,000 miles, and it turned out to be the hardest thing I had ever done. 	1
The cost includes 10 per cent for necessary oil and lubricants ($13,600).	0
So, how do you top rowing across the Atlantic? 	1
The Support Group will maintain 110 vehicles up to 15 October 1998 and 10 vehicles during the liquidation period.	0
They'd had to pull in at Catalina Island shortly after they left Long Beach because the lids of all the water bottles were coming undone, and they were starting to sink. 	1
And also, as an increase in extreme weather events due to climate change, they're expecting more waves to come in over the fringing reef, which will contaminate their fresh water supply. 	1
I found out that people had rowed across oceans. 	1
At the moment, the story that we collectively tell ourselves is that we need all this stuff, that we need oil. 	1
I thought if I had the right house or the right car or the right man in my life, then I could be happy. 	1
Scissors are your clothes, glasses enable you to see things and keep you from being eaten by cheetahs or run down by automobiles, and books are, after all, your education. 	1
5. As shown in annex I, column 2, the total resources made available to UNIFIL for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounted to $125,722,800 gross ($122,714,600 net).	0
Simplicity, for reasons that are a little bit obscure, is almost not pursued, at least in the academic world. 	1
Here's another example, which I put up because it's an example of really important current science. 	1
And I'm going to use stacking for a kind of simplicity that has the characteristic that it is so simple and so reliable that I can build things with it. 	1
And then I would propose as this last component that they serve, or have the potential to serve, as building blocks. 	1
There's no way of predicting the Internet based on the first transistor. 	1
The average troop strength of 4,509 during the period was slightly lower in comparison with the budgeted strength of 4, 513, resulting in unutilized resources of $13,000.	0
26. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.	0
And yet, only a quarter of kids at risk sleep under a net. 	1
You can put social innovation to the same rigorous, scientific tests that we use for drugs. 	1
An unutilized balance of $159,200 was realized owing to the transfer of items from UNPF ($127,800) and actual cost being lower than estimated ($31,400).	0
An unutilized balance of $54,600 was realized owing to the transfer of items from other missions and the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi.	0
And people who got the free one were actually more likely to purchase the second one than people who didn't get a free one. 	1
That doesn't sound like that much when you think about it. 	1
VII. Cost estimates for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999	0
14. Full reimbursement of troop costs in accordance with the standard rates of reimbursement has been made for the period ending 31 May 1997.	0
We go from the clearest thing to the fuzziest thing. 	1
They're beautifully designed, simple to use and user friendly. 	1
In the context of this agreement, rent-free premises are provided for the Force’s headquarters, accommodation to several military companies and sites for five observation posts, military observers stations and one police station.	0
Here's our new car: It gets great gas mileage, it has leather seats. Buy our car. 	1
Our newest brain, our Homo sapien brain, our neocortex, corresponds with the "what" level. 	1
Even now, you ask people, "Why did your product or why did your company fail?" 	1
We found out about it a few days later. 	1
The other thing it shows you is that, although there's this beautiful forest of coral, there are no fish in that picture. 	1
Then, in 1980, there was a hurricane, Hurricane Allen. 	1
Accommodation allowance up to $60 per day/per person.	0
Headquarters military personnel accommodation	0
We use longlines that have one million or two million hooks. 	1
We tend to think of oil spills and mercury and we hear a lot about plastic these days. 	1
11. Spare parts and repair and maintenance of vehicles	0
And the only fishery left -- and it is a commercial fishery -- is the jellyfish fishery you see on the right, where there used to be prawns. 	1
21. Other air operations costs (per helicopter)	0
And so there's this war between the farmers and the fishermen about it all, and the net result is that the beaches of Brittany have to be bulldozed of this stuff on a regular basis. 	1
It's not about the fish; it's not about the pollution; it's not about the climate change. 	1
For the period from 1 July to 31 August 1998, UNPREDEP will require the support of 378 person/months.	0
What the honey bee does: it pollinates, takes nectar from the flower, pollinates another flower, cross-pollinates. 	1
Requirements in the amount of $3,000 relate to the payment of bank charges ($1,000), road tolls for liaison and official travel to Belgrade and Sarajevo ($1,000) and legal fees for external consultation on local law and legal matters ($1,000).	0
This person, whom we met -- and you will see it on the website, www.sristi.org -- this tribal person, he had a wish. 	1
2. By September 1998, UNPREDEP will not employ any of its locally recruited staff.	0
So he thought, why don't I convert a pressure cooker into a coffee machine? 	1
Additionally, salaries for staff at the Professional category have been adjusted to take into account non-entitlement to post adjustment for 65 per cent of the staff in the Professional category who are classified as mission appointees.	0
In addition, a reduction factor of 25 per cent has been applied to compensate for vehicles that are out of service for repairs and the drawdown of personnel.	0
We filed the patent for her, the National Innovation Foundation. 	1
Details on the drawdown schedule of vehicles is shown in annex VI.A.	0
And who knows? Somebody will license this technology and develop marketable products, and she would get revenue. 	1
I can't change the condition of the road, but I can make the cycle run faster. 	1
They were not related to her, but they tried to find out, "How can we use ... " They used a cycle, they put together a breathing apparatus. 	1
And here, a company which licensed this herbal pesticide put a photograph of the innovator on the packing so that every time a user uses it, it asks the user, "You can also be an innovator. 	1
And then the next line over says if your friend's friend's friend, someone you probably don't even know, is obese, your risk of obesity is 10 percent higher. 	1
It reflects an 11.9 per cent increase in gross terms when compared with the resources approved for the 12-month period ending 30 June 1998.	0
And we found that if your friend becomes obese, it increases your risk of obesity by about 57 percent in the same given time period. 	1
And I'm about to show you a 30 second video animation that took me and James five years of our lives to do. 	1
3. In its resolution 425 (1978), the Security Council entrusted UNIFIL with the mandate of confirming the withdrawal of Israeli forces, restoring international peace and security and assisting the Government of Lebanon in ensuring the return of its effective authority in the area of operations.	0
And not only do we show them, but others can read them. 	1
The battalions are deployed throughout the south of Lebanon in a network of 151 positions, which are staffed 24 hours a day and are of three types: checkpoints, for the control of movement on the principal roads in the UNIFIL area of operations; observation posts, for observing movement on and off the roads in the area of operations; and checkpoints/observation posts, which combine the functions of control and observation.	0
Now, we're accustomed to thinking about emotions in this way, in simple, sort of, brief periods of time. 	1
If I was always violent towards you or gave you misinformation or made you sad or infected you with deadly germs, you would cut the ties to me, and the network would disintegrate. 	1
So we do this fun and profit-oriented inventing for most of what we do, but we also have a program where we invent for humanity -- where we take some of our best inventors, and we say, "Are there problems where we have a good idea for solving a problem the world has?" -- and to solve it in the way we try to solve problems, which is with dramatic, crazy, 	1
Now, the reason we were able to come up with this is two key ideas: One is that this is similar to a cryogenic Dewar, something you'd keep liquid nitrogen or liquid helium in. 	1
Interesting, anyway, if you're a solid-state physicist. 	1
One of the problems that you have if you're trying to eradicate malaria or reduce it is you don't know what's the most effective thing to do. 	1
So what if we could put all that together to shoot them out of the sky with lasers? 	1
18. Support account for peacekeeping operations	0
They're sick, and so they're less able to defend themselves from the mosquitoes. 	1
So this system that was built for TED is here to illustrate that it is technically possible to actually deploy a system like this, and we're looking very hard at how to make it highly cost-effective to use in places like Africa and other parts of the world. 	1
What have we learned from these places? 	1
Then the plankton feeders, these little damselfish, the little animals floating in the water. 	1
So you have this little algal forest, and in the size of a laptop you can find more than 100 species of algae, mostly microscopic fit hundreds of species of little animals that then feed the fish, so that the system recovers. 	1
Army/navy vehicular radio, comm type 174	0
Army/navy vehicular radio, comm type 176 Hand-held radios	0
So let me just give you a summary of what no-take reserves do. 	1
This is how much fishermen get everyday in Kenya, fishing over a series of years, in a place where there is no protection; it's a free-for-all. 	1
If you fish less, you're actually catching more. 	1
But if we add the no-take reserve on top of that, by fishing less around an area that is protected. 	1
Now, is this possible? People would ask: How much would that cost? 	1
Well, let's think about how much we are paying now to subsidize fishing: 35 billion dollars per year. 	1
Second, the governance is not right because most coastal communities around the world don't have the authority to monitor the resources to create the reserve and enforce it. 	1
A daily allowance for incidental expenses is paid to all military personnel at a rate of $1.28 per person per day, payable in local currency.	0
Provision is made for the cost of rotating contingents upon completion of their tour of duty of approximately six months’ duration and for the cost of repatriating individual members of the Force for commercial, compassionate, medical or other reasons ($5,320,050).	0
I mean, it's just a losing proposition. 	1
Justifications and job descriptions for the three additional posts are shown in annex V.	0
There's an aversion to word problems, which describes 99 percent of my students. 	1
24. Construction/prefabricated buildings.	0
So right here I start with the visual, and I immediately ask the question: Which section is the steepest? 	1
The primary function of the helicopter wing is for patrol and reconnaissance flights over the mission area, in particular where the establishment of observation posts or travel by surface is difficult.	0
The cost estimate is based on the actual expenditure data from the 1996/97 financial period.	0
because the textbook is helping you in all the wrong ways: It's buying you out of your obligation, for patient problem solving and math reasoning, to be less helpful. 	1
Provision is also made for the purchase of a heavy-duty scanner for archiving purposes.	0
So I just really encourage you, whatever your stake is in education -- whether you're a student, parent, teacher, policy maker, whatever -- insist on better math curriculum. 	1
Therefore, based on the past spending pattern, provision is made in the amount of $180,000.	0
She goes, "Mom, everyone can't do the splits." 	1
11. Election-related supplies and services —	0
and I'm probably like, "The legs get worked out." 	1
So I go, "You know, why don't we go on the Internet, and maybe we can see ... like on Wikipedia."  So we go online, and we put in "cats mating." 	1
And what that means is that as adults, blood vessels don't normally grow. 	1
Chief, Integrated Support Services (P-5, 1 post)	0
Two posts are required, in addition to the two existing local posts, to meet UNIFIL requirements fully for gas appliance repairs and for refrigeration repairs.	0
Well, I've just shown you two very different types of cancer that both responded to antiangiogenic therapy. 	1
But for other tumors and cancer types, the improvements have only been modest. 	1
Moreover, there is also an ongoing general maintenance requirement on very old buildings.	0
Here's what happens when we added an extract from strawberries. 	1
Statins, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, and a few others -- they inhibit angiogenesis, too. 	1
The electrician will also act as a technical point of contact in the area.	0
But what's even more interesting from this study, is that in those men who did develop prostate cancer, those who ate more servings of tomato sauce, actually had fewer blood vessels feeding their cancer. 	1
Because if we're right, it could impact consumer education, food services, public health and even the insurance industry. 	1
And in fact, some insurance companies are already beginning to think along these lines. 	1
If you take the obese mouse and give it an angiogenesis inhibitor, it loses weight. 	1
And if Mother Nature has given us some clues, we think there might be a new future in the value of how we eat, and what we eat is really our chemotherapy three times a day. 	1
Annexes I. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997: summary statement	0
United Nations Angola Verification Mission	0
So, please ask yourselves, for your health, for your pocketbook, for the environment, for the animals: What's stopping you from giving weekday veg a shot? 	1
They can swim at the same speed day and night -- that's faster than any Olympic swimmer. 	1
I thought I was going to study the social behavior of Galapagos penguins, but you already know penguins are rare. 	1
That means that there's no upwelling, and there's basically no food. 	1
Some years, the cold water goes all the way up to Brazil, and other years, in these La Nina years, it doesn't. 	1
Some expenditures recorded under alterations and renovations of premises.	0
She's really rushing back, because it's hot, to try to feed her chicks. 	1
Various workshop equipment required for repairs/	0
Then I realize that they're playing king of the box. 	1
And what's been taking up the slack in the last few decades? 	1
Installation of automatic electrical main failure switches at the Logistics Base	0
We did Haemophilus influenzae and then the smallest genome of a self-replicating organism, that of Mycoplasma genitalium. 	1
The additional requirements of $50,500 under this line item resulted from the settlement in October 1996 of utility bills for the period 1 October 1995 to 30 June 1996.	0
They spent about two years reviewing that independently and published their results in Science in 1999. 	1
In 2003, we published our first success. 	1
19. No provision was made under this heading.	0
So Ham Smith and Clyde Hutchison developed some new methods for making error-free DNA Our first task was a 5,000-letter code bacteriophage, a virus that attacks only E. coli. 	1
I think philosophically, that was one of the most important papers that we've ever done because it showed how dynamic life was. 	1
The unspent balance of $149,000 resulted from actual requirements being lower than anticipated.	0
But at the time, that was the largest molecule of a defined structure that had been made. 	1
The first is, "To live, to err, to fall, to triumph and to recreate life out of life." 	1
Craig Venter: Can we explain how significant this is? 	1
44. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.	0
So when you see how long it took to get an H1N1 vaccine out, we think we can shorten that process quite substantially. 	1
Also, at Synthetic Genomics, we've been working on major environmental issues. 	1
You have to create the circumstances where they show themselves. 	1
And the reason is that you take it for granted. 	1
Great. Now, those over 25, could you put your hands up if you're wearing your wristwatch? 	1
And I say, "No, no, it tells the date as well." 	1
He said, "I think he thinks better of me now." 	1
(a) The report of the Board of Auditors to the General Assembly on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission in accordance with General Assembly resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996;	0
Kids sitting in front of unimpressed panels, you know, with their resumes --  Flicking through and saying, "What, this is it?" 	1
Letter dated 27 February 1998 from the Chairman of the Board of Auditors to the President of the General Assembly	0
(c) Establish a clear and durable policy for fixing the out-of-area weights;	0
13. The remuneration of staff in the Professional category and above of the organizations of the United Nations common system is based on the Noblemaire principle.	0
Now, fashion designers have the broadest palette imaginable in this creative industry. 	1
ICSC, however, reported to the General Assembly that conditions for changing the comparator were not in place.	0
Some people believe that there are a few people at the top of the fashion food chain who sort of dictate to us what we're all going to wear, but if you talk to any designer at any level, including these high-end designers, they always say their main inspiration comes from the street: where people like you and me remix and match our own fashion looks. 	1
23. The Board shared the concern expressed by the General Assembly, the organizations of United Nations common system and staff representatives about the persistent imbalance between the margin levels for different levels in the Professional category.	0
They don't want to be wearing what everybody else is wearing. 	1
The questionnaire seeks to collect detailed information on household expenditures for about 250 items in the consumption basket.	0
In Japan, for instance, which I think is the third largest market, they have a design law; it protects apparel, but the novelty standard is so high, you have to prove that your garment has never existed before, it's totally unique. 	1
The ICSC secretariat informed the Board that this approach reduced the sampling errors to around 2 per cent.	0
The retailers have kind of quashed this notion though. 	1
Some United Nations common system organizations had pointed out to ICSC that the use of the regression technique produced anomalous results, increasing the average salary per job when a relatively poorly paying employer with a large staff was included in the employers surveyed.	0
Boy: On the day of judgment, God will ask me, "Why did you do that?" 	1
71. The Board noted that this methodology does not take account of deviations in the local labour market conditions in the various headquarters duty stations.	0
He called these, "massively fatal discontinuities," meaning that they could kill up to 100 million people in the next 50 years. 	1
ICSC also has the general responsibility to establish policies, formulate guidelines and make recommendations for allowances that are determined by the General Assembly.	0
The Board noted that no specific mission had been carried out since 1991 for daily subsistence allowance, for reasons attributed by the ICSC secretariat to competing priorities and resource constraints.	0
It was easily transmitted, but, luckily, was pretty mild. 	1
To overcome that problem, the ICSC secretariat recommended to the Commission in March 1997 that adjustments in the flat rate for boarding be linked to movements in the consumer price index.	0
Many thought that it was just impossible to make an AIDS vaccine, but today, evidence tells us otherwise. 	1
Notwithstanding this, the ICSC secretariat informed the Board that it planned to report on the status of women as part of its work programme for 1998.	0
They're currently making a cocktail -- an antibody cocktail -- that can be used to treat severe, overwhelming cases of flu. 	1
Salaries and allowances and conditions of service of staff; post adjustments for the staff in the Professional and higher categories; staff assessment; and travel.	0
We really could think of flu, then, as just a bad cold. 	1
124. In the determination of the mobility and hardship allowance, the Board noted that the information technology application was limited to maintenance of a database of hardship duty stations, which did not include the relevant costing data.	0
Wikipedia reports that this guy, this former congressman from Erie, Pennsylvania was, at the age of 20, one of the youngest people at the Republican National Convention, but it's just not true. 	1
V. Action to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session	0
4. In its report of 6 May 1996 (A/50/903/Add.1), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions recommended reductions totalling $335,000 and that the General Assembly appropriate a total amount of $49,054,000 gross for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.	0
Thereafter, 36 work/months would be needed in New York to handle a number of long-term mission liquidation activities, including reconciliation/reimbursement to troop-contributing countries for contingent-owned equipment, the settlement of third-party claims and commercial disputes, addressing audit observations, closing of accounts and follow-up on accounts receivable and write-off cases.	0
This is this fantastic Brat Pack remix set to Lisztomania. 	1
First, within each video, the Brat Pack characters are used as a kind of template for performing the social reality of each group. 	1
Freedom needs this opportunity to both have the commercial success of the great commercial works and the opportunity to build this different kind of culture. 	1
The mission also verified the purchase orders and receipt and inspection information and conducted numerous physical inventory checks to ensure completeness of its central inventory;	0
The license for these remixers assigns all of the rights to the remix back to Lucas. 	1
(c) A Special Asset Inventory Unit was established with the primary task of collecting and consolidating all data on non-expendable property held in various sections of the mission.	0
Notes verbales are being prepared to the Permanent Missions of the host Governments of the countries of the former Yugoslavia containing special tabulations of outstanding amounts claimed from them by the Organization for charges levied on UNPF in violation of the status-of-forces agreements.	0
Actually, it's not a right-wing nonprofit, but of course -- let me just tie it here -- the Creative Commons, which is offering authors this simple way to mark their content with the freedoms they intended to carry. 	1
I answered, "No." I didn't even think about it. 	1
And we're not going to see this change in this system anytime soon. 	1
The value of freedom. It's a value of community. 	1
We're 25, 26 years after the advent of the Macintosh, which was an astoundingly seminal event in the history of human-machine interface and in computation in general. 	1
So here was a room in which all the walls, floors, ceilings, pets, potted plants, whatever was in there, were capable, not only of display but of sensing as well. 	1
The academics who were overseeing this work thought that that was too frivolous, so we built deadly serious applications like this optics prototyping workbench in which a toothpaste cap on a cardboard box becomes a laser. 	1
Here, the real world merges with the simulation. 	1
And we make the machine meet them half way. 	1
So here we have a bunch of stuff, some images. 	1
And, using a hand, we can actually exercise six degrees of freedom, six degrees of navigational control. 	1
And then if it's time for analysis, we can pull back a little bit and ask for a different distribution. 	1
17. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi	0
And now, if we want to select stuff, 3D, space, the idea that we're tracking hands in real space becomes really important because we can reach in, not in 2D, not in fake 2D, but in actual 3D. 	1
So I'm going to leave that over there because I have a question for Paul. 	1
Delayed processing of personnel actions/late receipt of invoices.	0
We can zip through them as a possibility. 	1
What do you think, what in your mind is the first killer app for this? 	1
I want people to see what's happening underwater, both the horror and the magic. 	1
The first component of the story that I thought was essential, however, was to give readers a sense of appreciation for the ocean animals that they were eating. 	1
The detailed monthly deployment is shown in table 1.	0
This was a small net that was being used in Mexico to catch shrimp, but the way it works is essentially the same everywhere in the world. 	1
These are animals that died in the process, but have no commercial value. 	1
But when the fish came back and began predating and controlling the urchin population, low and behold, kelp forests emerged in shallow water. 	1
Every part of the ecosystem in this place seems very healthy, from tiny, little animals like a nudibrank crawling over encrusting sponge or a leatherjacket that is a very important animal in this ecosystem because it grazes on the bottom and allows new life to take hold. 	1
An amount of $4,100 was also obligated to cover expenditures for post-liquidation maintenance services.	0
I became an underwater photographer because I fell in love with the sea, and I make pictures of it today because I want to protect it, and I don't think it's too late. 	1
"Star Fox 20"?  Tom Green: Yeah. And they've been dogging me for a year. 	1
The refurbishment work was therefore not carried out in Zagreb and the vehicles were eventually transferred to the United Nations Logistics Base in Brindisi for the required work.	0
There are a handful that have escaped into the mainstream, the ones I've just shown you, but every day, every month, people are producing thousands of these. 	1
43. The expenditures of $368,700 included requirements of $85,900 for the reporting period and obligations amounting to $217,800 and $65,000 respectively for the cost of spare parts and petrol for the months of July and August 1997.	0
I didn't instruct them to do it; they just decided that that's what they wanted. 	1
And saying whatever you like, I think, is powerful. 	1
Secondly, many items that were initially envisioned for disposal were sold as scrap or for use, including crushed vehicles and tyres, thus turning an estimated expenditure for clean-up into a profit.	0
But my parents -- I think part of why they kind of are able to appreciate it is because they don't understand it. 	1
 CA: And they were probably pleased to see you on top of the Time poll. 	1
All security at the camp was provided by military guards.	0
As I said, I just went back to school, and I am considering majoring in urban studies and then going on to urban planning, kind of taking whatever I've learned from online communities and trying to adapt that to a physical community. 	1
The credit of $8,500 to this line item represents a credit of $15,200 for contractual services provided to other missions by UNPF, which was inadvertently recorded against this line item, offset by expenditures of $5,900 for security services provided during the prior period and $800 for the cutting of lock cylinders and keys.	0
CA: Chris, thank you. Absolutely fascinating. Thank you for coming to TED. 	1
This is about 50 million light years away, so one of our neighboring galaxies. 	1
3. As indicated in paragraph 17 of the Secretary-General’s report (A/52/772/Add.1), total resources made available to UNMOT for the period from its inception on 16 December 1994 to 30 June 1998 (should the Security Council extend the mandate of the Mission beyond 15 May 1998) amount to $29,120,537 gross; estimated expenditures for the same period total $24,248,337 gross ($22,966,837 net).	0
It can be beautiful. It can reveal quite astonishing things. 	1
That's Earth from four billion miles away. 	1
15. Assistance for disarmament and demobilization	0
A fantastically viral and wonderful video. 	1
And they wanted the music to drop out at a certain point in the video and actual live audio from the machine to play part of the song. 	1
Annex I Financial performance information since inception on 1 November 1991 to 31 December 1995 as at	0
Aristotle had a different reason for saying the best flutes should go to the best flute players. 	1
4. Additional requirements (1 less 2 and 3)	0
Now, notice, something interesting -- Well, I should tell you about the Supreme Court first. 	1
7. The Group reiterates that contributions from donor countries should maintain their voluntary nature and neutrality and recalls further their commitment to contribute 0.7 per cent of their gross national product (GNP) to Official Development Assistance (ODA).	0
I think it will be quite a challenge for me. 	1
Therefore, Actions 21 and 22 should not be implemented by the Secretary-General until the General Assembly has considered and acted on the above report;	0
(c) The means and ideas to ensure the sustainability of the above initiative, which is being proposed to be effected by the year 2002, need further exploration;	0
A Himba is one of the 29 ethnic groups in Namibia. 	1
And one day, my father actually took me into the bush. 	1
Suggested changes to the Financial Regulations relating to the establishment of the Fund are set out in annex 1.	0
It killed almost everything that was left. 	1
That notification would ask the Member States concerned to specify the future date of payment of the unpaid assessments in such a legal form as to allow the Secretary-General to pledge the Member State’s notification in reply as security for an advance from the Fund (see annex II).	0
And my father said, "Why don't you just go to school?" 	1
13. Correspondingly, while income from the balance of the Revolving Credit Fund will be retained in the Fund, it is proposed that, when the financial situation of the Organization has improved sufficiently to handle the normal delays in payments of assessed contributions through the Working Capital Fund, the principal of all contributions will be returned to the donors together with the proportionate share of accrued interest earned by the Revolving Credit Fund.	0
And at this sacred fire, the spirit of our ancestors speak through the headman and advise us where to get water, where to get grazings, and where to go and hunt. 	1
stood at just over $200 million as follows: Dollars	0
Transporting rhinos using helicopters I think is much easier than talking through a spirit that you can't see, isn't it? 	1
(a) There is established a Revolving Credit Fund to be used to relieve cash flow pressures caused by overdue assessed contributions.	0
The Fund shall be financed from voluntary contributions from Member States or through such other means as the General Assembly may from time to time decide.	0
They have also given funding for two decades to this whole program. 	1
But today, Kunene has the largest concentration of black rhino -- free-roaming black rhinos -- in the world. 	1
My guess is that the cost of installing this in the lift in the Lydmar Hotel in Stockholm is probably 500 to 1,000 pounds max. 	1
 It's those people I'd quite like to create in the world going forward. 	1
I've got friends who actually never use their own bank cash machines because there's the risk that it might display their balance on the screen. 	1
Because there's a fundamental disconnect, as I said, that actually, the people with the power want to do big expensive things. 	1
 I thought it was very indecent of Accenture to ditch Tiger Woods in such a sort of hurried and hasty way. 	1
And before we have the debate, I'd like to actually take a show of hands -- on balance, right now, are you for or against this? 	1
So those who are "yes," raise your hand. "For." 	1
But one of the things we're discovering is that wind, like solar, is an actually relatively dilute source of energy. 	1
One is a low estimate, and one is a high estimate. 	1
The present report contains the proposed budget of UNIKOM for the 12-month period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999, which amounts to $50,611,300 gross ($48,545,600 net).	0
This reflects an overall increase of 2 per cent in gross terms compared with the resources approved for the preceding 12-month period, from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, of $49,525,400 gross ($47,637,200 net), excluding $1,952,100 for the support account for peacekeeping operations.	0
And the chart here shows the difference between resulting if you use nuclear, or anything else, versus wind, CSP or photovoltaics. 	1
And so, on the right, you see gasoline emissions, the death rates of 2020. 	1
UNIKOM also has liaison offices at Baghdad and Kuwait City for the purpose of liaison with the Governments of Iraq and Kuwait.	0
And one last slide I just want to show. This is the choice: You can either have wind or nuclear. 	1
23. In order to implement the recommendation, provision has been made in the present budget for the following:	0
However, I think there may be a win-win solution here where both parties can win this debate, and that is, we face a situation where it's carbon caps on this planet or die. 	1
So if we want to keep the lights on, we actually need a solution which is going to keep generating all of the time. 	1
So I asked myself: Do I write stuff for specific rooms? 	1
This is the room that Bach wrote some of his music for. This is the organ. 	1
 They did the best they could given that this is what they're writing for. 	1
It might not be what you want to listen to at home, but it works great in the car -- has a huge frequency spectrum, you know, big bass and high-end and the voice kind of stuck in the middle. 	1
Automobile music, you can share with your friends. 	1
Special-purpose vehicles and engineering equipment	0
The Romantic view is that first comes the passion and then the outpouring of emotion, and then somehow it gets shaped into something. 	1
So there is a danger to pseudoscience, in believing in this sort of thing. 	1
And whatever they were doing just before they got the reward, they repeat that particular pattern. 	1
We have a pattern detection problem that is assessing the difference between a Type I and a Type II error is highly problematic, especially in split-second, life-and-death situations. 	1
So you're more likely to feel in a euphoric state, creativity, find more patterns. 	1
Provision is made for reimbursement to troop-contributing Governments for pay and allowances at the standard rate of $988 per person per month for all ranks, plus a supplementary allowance of $291 per person per month for a limited number of specialists (25 per cent of logistics and 10 per cent of other personnel).	0
Narrator: This is the venue they chose for their fake auditions for an advert for lip balm. 	1
Provision is also made for the replacement of 30 pieces of portable VHF equipment ($15,000) and 30 pieces of mobile VHF equipment ($15,000).	0
When we compare those hundred years of video, we're comparing it against millions of reference files in our database. 	1
In addition, provision is made for the replacement of five base station VHF ($7,500), two repeater station VHF ($20,000) and six VHF pagers ($1,500).	0
75. Spare parts, repairs and maintenance.	0
And I think we can all agree that joy is definitely an idea worth spreading. 	1
So when dolphins are separating by less than 20 meters, less than half the time they need to use whistles. 	1
Provision is made for the acquisition of maps of the demilitarized zone and adjoining areas in line with operational requirements ($3,000).	0
When a male dolphin leaves Mom, it will often join up with another male and form an alliance, which may last for decades. 	1
It's a very interesting way that they can form a new identifier for the new social group that they've had. 	1
No provision is made under this heading.	0
When there was one boat, not much of an impact. 	1
To me, the most mind-bending example of the interconnectedness of the ocean comes from an acoustic experiment where oceanographers took a ship to the southern Indian Ocean, deployed an underwater loudspeaker and played back a sound. 	1
The continuation of such Israeli policies and practices in violation of the human rights of the Palestinian people, international humanitarian law, United Nations resolutions and the agreements reached between the two sides within the context of the Middle East peace process serves as a further reason for the resumption of the tenth emergency special session of the General Assembly to address illegal Israeli actions in Occupied East Jerusalem and the rest of the Occupied Palestinian Territory.	0
And they've already found that by being more intelligent about better propeller design, you can reduce that noise by 90 percent. 	1
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION:	0
Both my brother and sister and I, all three of us own companies as well. 	1
Because I saw her a few weeks before that -- you could get paid. They used to pay you two cents per coat hanger. 	1
And I learned that you could actually negotiate with people. 	1
And at nine years old, I walked around in the city of Sudbury selling license plate protectors door to door to houses. 	1
And I said, "But you've got two cars ..." -- I'm nine years old. 	1
So I would go and collect for all the papers. 	1
 My dad owned an automotive and industrial repair shop. 	1
11. Election-related supplies and services	0
I said, "But wouldn't somebody pay you for that?" And he goes, "Maybe." 	1
And I had these little pillows that I would sew up. 	1
I would caddy, I would go to the golf course and caddy for people. 	1
You just needed to have a supply and demand and this audience who bought into you. 	1
And then you know what we do? We negotiate. 	1
But I'm teaching them to force that savings habit. 	1
And they can actually sell it and learn how to find scammers when they get email offers come in. 	1
Teach them how to do that kind of stuff and make money. 	1
The crowning glory was in 2007, when I received this country's fourth highest civilian award, the Padma Shri, for my contribution to art. 	1
I would like to start this letter by congratulating you on your re-election as the Greek Cypriot President.	0
Their separate rights to self-determination were explicitly recognized in 1956 and 1958 by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and subsequently by the United Nations.	0
I needed an anchor, an image, a peg to peg this process on, so that I could go from there. 	1
(a) Neither of the two sides have exclusive rights over the independence and sovereignty of Cyprus;	0
How do you keep cheer when you go from beautiful to bald in three days? 	1
With the letter I sent to Mr. Clerides yesterday I have taken a new initiative towards the establishment of peace, stability and confidence between the two peoples and two states on the island.	0
Mine was that of Durga, Durga the fearless one. 	1
Our efforts undertaken for building the future must be based on the acknowledgement of the existence and equal status of the two peoples and two states.	0
She was also called Simhanandini, the one who rode the lion. 	1
It is very unfortunate for Mr. Clerides that he is attempting to realize full membership in the European Union in the shadow of the S-300 missiles.	0
It made me question and curious: in cleaning toilets for a living? 	1
I will therefore confine myself to highlighting the salient aspects of the matter in question.	0
But as I sat there for four hours, the full afternoon, reading Maslow, I recognized something that is true of most leaders. 	1
In that regard, I have asked the Secretariat to prepare a preliminary proposal, which might help you in your consultations with Governments.	0
So I went out and studied a bunch of things, and I found a survey that showed that 94 percent of business leaders worldwide believe that the intangibles are important in their business, things like intellectual property, their corporate culture, their brand loyalty, and yet, only five percent of those same leaders actually had a means of measuring the intangibles in their business. 	1
I flew off to a place that's been shrouded in mystery for centuries, a place some folks call Shangri-La. 	1
As requested in resolution 51/239 A, the preparation of the Secretary-General’s support account proposals for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 takes account of the A/52/837 outcome of an in-depth evaluation and comprehensive review intended to substantiate the post and non-post requirements proposed.	0
UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees	0
How many of us here, as TEDsters in the audience, spend more of our time in the bottom half of this equation, in the denominator? 	1
UNMOT United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan	0
Approved for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 32 426 500	0
He said GDP "measures everything in short, except that which makes life worthwhile." 	1
20. Should the General Assembly authorize these post requests, it would be the intention of the Secretary-General to advertise externally those positions which require expertise not available in the Secretariat.	0
These days, I call myself a graphic artist. 	1
It is roughly at that level that the Department remains today.	0
To this end, I have worked in sugar for Stefan Sagmeister, three-time TED speaker. 	1
32. In this connection, it has been the Secretariat’s consistent position that there is no direct linkage between the total dollar level of all active peacekeeping operations and the backstopping workload performed at Headquarters.	0
So it's a little bit unexpected, but, in a way, it refers to the macaroni art that children make for their parents or they make in school and give to their parents, which is in itself a form of honor. 	1
So the vantage point you take determines virtually everything that you will see. 	1
During 1998-1999, the Unit expects to respond to various requests from the field for analytical lessons learned papers concerning issues being handled at the field level.	0
This is a place called the Madangiri Settlement Colony, which is a very developed slum about 25 minutes outside New Delhi, where I met these characters who showed me around for the day. 	1
They've been brought up by mothers who are illiterate, who have never ever done homework. 	1
20. The Situation Centre, which was formerly located in the Office of the Under-Secretary-General, has been transferred to the Office of Operations.	0
But they find it completely obvious to use computers, websites, make videos, so on and so forth. 	1
The Assistant Secretary-General is assisted in carrying out his responsibilities by a Special Assistant (P-5) and a Political Affairs Officer (P-3).	0
This is an amazing guy, Sebastiao Rocha, in Belo Horizonte, in the third largest city in Brazil. 	1
In addition, the Assistant Secretary-General for Peacekeeping Operations travelled to the region as the Secretary-General’s Personal Envoy to consult the Government and interested Member States.	0
His name is Madhav Chavan, and he created something called Pratham. 	1
He's actually a trade union organizer by background, and that's how he learned the skills to build his organization. 	1
36. The Asia and Middle East Division supports seven peacekeeping operations.	0
The responsibilities of the Division are as follows.	0
In the coming months, DPKO will be required to examine the possibilities for the future role of the international community in the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, in consultation with the Government, regional organizations (OSCE) and Member States concerned.	0
This is a disorder that retards mental development in the child and causes permanent mental impairments. 	1
61. Thirty-two additional posts are requested: for the Mission Planning Service, 1 P-5 (Chief, Mission Planning Service), 11 P-4 (Mission Planning Officers) and 1 General Service (administrative assistant); for the Civilian Police Unit, 1 D-1 (Police Adviser), 3 P-4 (Desk Officers) and 1 P-3 (Planning Officer); and for the Training Unit, 4 P-4 (Training Officers) and 1 P-3 (Training Officer) and one P-3 (Editor).	0
So you go to The Container Store and spend an enormous amount of money, and then you start this crazy sorting process that never -- it's just nuts. 	1
This not only complicates what is already a difficult task, but may lead to serious operational difficulties.	0
I was afraid a car was going to come smash it as I was taking a picture for you guys. 	1
77. Eight additional posts are requested: one P-5 (Chief, Staff Operations), six P-4 (Information Officer, Operations Officer, Logistics Officer, Civilian Police Officer, Humanitarian Affairs Officer and Engineering Officer) and one P-3 (Operations Staff Officer).	0
79. Four additional posts are requested: three P-4 (Mission Planning Officers) and one General Service (administrative assistant).	0
I could do this all day every day and I can't keep up. 	1
91. The staffing indicated for the Office of the Director in the previous support account budget was incorrect; the posts required to carry out these functions comprise four posts in the Professional category and above and four General Service posts.	0
Now I want to stipulate, as the lawyers say, that LOLcats are the stupidest possible creative act. 	1
The Office of the Chief of Section currently has three posts (one P-5 and two General Service (Other level)).	0
102. The Systems and Data Analysis Unit is responsible for the preparation of data analyses for resource planning and financial management.	0
The functions of each of these are described below.	0
Here is the critical difference between these: LOLcats is communal value. 	1
111. During 1998-1999, the Asia and Middle East Unit will continue to support UNIFIL, UNFICYP, UNDOF, UNIKOM, UNMOT, UNMOGIP, UNSCO, UNTSO, UNGCI, UNSMA, the Special Representative of the Secretary-General in Cambodia and the Committee on Missing Persons in Cyprus.	0
126. The Engineering Section comprises two units: the Technical Support Unit and the Engineering Operations Unit.	0
And the market research, consumer research, asking the Boomers and Gen Y what it is they would like, what they would like to live in, tells us there is going to be a huge demand -- and we're already seeing it -- for more urban lifestyles within suburbia. 	1
156. During 1998-1999, it is estimated that the Unit, in addition to its regular tasks will, inter alia, complete the current programme for the recruitment, training and deployment of a field Aviation Safety Officer, complete the manuals and guidelines, complete the carrier and air operators’ performance evaluation programme for all the short- and long-term charter agreements, complete approved vendors’ safety evaluation by conducting visits to the companies’ infrastructure and operations facilities, complete safety inspections to all missions operating aircraft and expanded safety cooperation with other United Nations agencies/offices.	0
So there's a lot of great things, but I'd love to see more corridors getting retrofitting. 	1
And where should we be encouraging re-inhabitation? 	1
Personnel Management and Support Service	0
It's a little extreme, but we've got a little water problem. 	1
And bringing those two together might seem a very daunting task, but what I'm going to try to say is that even in that complexity, there's some simple themes that I think, if we understand, we can really move forward. 	1
(a) A graphic information system is to be introduced in the Mine Action Service.	0
Estimated requirements of $44,800 under this heading relate to office supplies based on the standard rate of $200 per annum for 222 staff.	0
The death rate in these dolphins, for the first calf born of every female dolphin, is 60 to 80 percent. 	1
189. Provision is proposed for three file servers ($75,000), 10 medium-speed laser printers ($6,000) and five notebooks ($12,500).	0
Overall staffing of units involved in backstopping peacekeeping operations	0
And those dolphin parts had a huge load of PCBs, dioxins and heavy metals. 	1
The phased movement of Greece and Portugal from group C to group B for the purposes of peacekeeping assessments and of Belarus and Ukraine from group B to group C continue to complicate calculations, as does the continuing non-placement of Slovakia in any group.	0
That means their immune systems are compromised. 	1
The pyramid, if we jam things in the bottom, can get backed up like a sewer line that's clogged. 	1
32. During 1997-1998, the Section served a total of 27 peacekeeping and other missions, for which a total of 230 financial statements and schedules were prepared, compared with 224 for 1996-1997.	0
This map can be updated, and we can add in new data. 	1
These are very tedious tasks requiring a number of interactions between Headquarters and various offices.	0
But here we see the complex trajectory of the Cassini mission color coded for different mission phases, ingeniously developed so that 45 encounters with the largest moon, Titan, which is larger that the planet Mercury, diverts the orbit into different parts of mission phase. 	1
35. The Payroll Section provides various services to all international staff, including those serving in peacekeeping operations, UNICEF, UNDP and UNFPA.	0
And we can network between domes and classrooms. 	1
It's called pleaching, or grafting trees together, or grafting inosculate matter into one contiguous, vascular system. 	1
A survey specialist normally spends two weeks conducting the survey in the field and five to six weeks for preparatory arrangements and processing of survey results.	0
60. With regard to appeals, 51 per cent of the 129 appeals that the Unit handled in 1996 were related to peacekeeping.	0
 So what I did actually is to study this problem, and I found something quite surprising. 	1
76. Although the number of active to peacekeeping operations has declined from the peak period 1993-1995, a substantial amount of work is still being performed.	0
And a surprising aspect of it is that very often, the rules of this geometry are extremely short. 	1
At present, the Headquarters earth station supports some 30 Field Administration and Logistics Division remote earth stations with over 200 channels for the DPKO and the United Nations packet-switch network.	0
Something so complicated like a cloud, so unstable, so varying, should have a simple rule behind it. 	1
One of the shattering events in the history of mathematics, which is not appreciated by many people, occurred about 130 years ago, 145 years ago. 	1
This brief analysis conclusively demonstrates that procurement value, per se, is not a true indicator of workload.	0
To the left you see data over a long period. 	1
98. Effective 1 January 1998, the requirements of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions previously met under the support account are being met from the regular budget, as decided by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/220.	0
Such support includes providing policy direction to departments with direct responsibility for peacekeeping operations and coordinating programmes and components of the system that have an impact on or contribute to various aspects of peacekeeping.	0
However, DPKO requests for similar support in other missions has had to be declined because of the inability to fill vacancies and difficulty of responding to the growing work demands placed on the Division at Headquarters.	0
Provision of $20,000 is requested to cover the costs of investigation travel by staff in the Office.	0
By giving kids a free school meal, it gets them into school, which is obviously education, the first step out of poverty, but it also gives them the micronutrients and the macronutrients they need to really develop both mentally and physically. 	1
Table 1 Summary of expenditures by main object of expenditure	0
2. Department of Peacekeeping Operations	0
But the world has changed, and it's overdue to upgrade that mindset and that taxonomy of the world, and to understand it. 	1
However, an unbudgeted expense of $27,500 was incurred in connection with hiring a consultant for six months to develop guidelines for the recruitment, selection and training of civilian police officers prior to their deployment to peacekeeping missions.	0
All the projections [say that] this one [billion] will [only] grow with one to two or three percent. 	1
I would be grateful if you would have the present letter circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 61, and of the Security Council.	0
1. At its 4th plenary meeting, on 19 September 1997, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled "Joint Inspection Unit" and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.	0
Report of the Fifth Committee (Part III)	0
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
I heard the most incredible story today when I was on the train coming here. 	1
Bearing in mind Security Council resolution 690 (1991) of 29 April 1991, by which the Council decided to establish the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Mission, the most recent of which was resolution 1133 (1997) of 20 October 1997,	0
That guide's entire calendar year is canceled bookings. 	1
(b) In operative paragraph 7, the square brackets around the paragraph and the words "operational and substantive" before the word "requirements" were deleted;	0
They don't even attempt to corral the oil where it is most concentrated. 	1
And they were allowed to do so because of the absolute failure of oversight of the government that's supposed to be our government, protecting us. 	1
Recalling also its resolution 49/240 of 31 March 1995 on the financing of the Mission of Observers and its subsequent resolutions and decision thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/237 of 13 June 1997,	0
That's what it would really mean to be conservative. 	1
Recalling its previous decisions regarding the fact that, in order to meet the expenditures caused by the Mission of Observers, a different procedure is required from that applied to meet expenditures of the regular budget of the United Nations,	0
1. Takes note of the status of contributions to the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan as at 20 March 1998, including the contributions outstanding in the amount of 3,232,333 United States dollars, representing 12 per cent of the total assessed contributions from the inception of the Mission of Observers to the period ending 15 May 1998, notes that some 12 per cent of Member States have paid their assessed contributions in full, and urges all other Member States concerned, in particular those in arrears, to ensure the payment of their outstanding assessed contributions;	0
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full;	0
There's certainly a common theme about needing to make the moment out of this. 	1
10. Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraphs 8 and 9 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the total estimated staff assessment income of 665,000 dollars approved for the period ending 30 June 1998;	0
We're still lighting something on fire every time we want energy. 	1
How did we achieve that, whether you think it's a good thing or not? 	1
6. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
And this is one of the beauties of exchange, is it actually creates the momentum for more specialization, which creates the momentum for more exchange and so on. 	1
United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti and the United	0
That is prosperity, the saving of time in satisfying your needs. 	1
Recalling its resolution 51/15 A of 4 November 1996 on the financing of the United Nations Support Mission in Haiti and its subsequent decisions and resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/15 B of 13 June 1997,	0
How long do you actually have to work to earn an hour of reading light if you're on the average wage in Britain today? 	1
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the Missions by certain Governments,	0
Back in 1800, you'd have had to work six hours to earn a candle that could burn for an hour. 	1
2. Expresses concern about the financial situation with regard to peacekeeping activities, in particular as regards the reimbursement of troop contributors, which bear additional burdens owing to overdue payments by Member States of their assessments;	0
12. Decides that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 11 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated additional staff assessment income of 625,400 dollars approved for the Missions for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998;	0
We're able to draw upon specialization and exchange to raise each other's living standards. 	1
1. The previous recommendation made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 143 appears in the report of the Committee contained in document A/52/846.	0
They were a highly intelligent species. 	1
8. Although the funds and programmes have undergone significant reforms, have adopted a new governance structure and are implementing priority development programmes with a more coordinated and effective approach, core resources are still declining.	0
Thus, renewed consideration might be given by Member States to making multi-year pledges of their voluntary contributions.	0
This narrow donor base has remained unchanged for a number of years.	0
In fact, I'll let them tell you a bit more about it. 	1
Such a partnership is being forged through the various boards.	0
He can ruin the most interesting match by just spouting cliche again and again and again. 	1
And if you are like me, a big, geeky, white, American guy, you tend to interact with a lot of other geeky, white, American guys. 	1
7. It is therefore recommended that the General Assembly endorse the proposal that each initiative that involves new organizational structures and/or major commitments of funds be subjected to time limits, which would be reflected, at the outset, in the relevant resolutions and decisions establishing that mandate.	0
We're heading to the future of bits, where everything is speedy, it's weightless. 	1
United Nations reform: measures and proposals	0
7. The specific time limit would be determined by the General Assembly at the outset, in accordance with its normal methods of taking decisions, and could vary in duration depending upon the characteristics of the task at hand.	0
Two hops, you're in Suva, the capitol of Fiji. 	1
Financing of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique	0
And before you conclude that this is just a function of American TV news -- which is dreadful, and I agree that it's dreadful -- I've been mapping elite media like the New York Times, and I get the same thing. 	1
6. Annex IV to document A/52/680/Add.1 indicates that of the amount of $18.4 million in unliquidated obligations, $11.4 million relates to Governments and $6.9 million to others.	0
We think we're getting this wide view of the globe. 	1
The Committee was informed that negotiations were ongoing; however, with a number of troop contributors, it was unable to ascertain the extent to which the amount of $6.9 million would be required.	0
You might have noticed, we haven't done all that well so far. 	1
One of those dark spots is Madagascar, a country which is generally better known for the Dreamworks film than it is actually known for the lovely people who live there. 	1
The Mission’s mandate was extended by subsequent Council resolutions, the latest of which was resolution 1086 (1996) of 5 December 1996, by which the Council extended the mandate of UNSMIH until 31 May 1997.	0
It's the project of a guy named Zhang Lei, who was living in the United States during the Lhasa riots and who couldn't believe how biased American media coverage was. 	1
She has to know something about what stories are available. 	1
This is an image from pretty much my favorite blog, And AfriGadget is a blog that looks at technology in an Africa context. 	1
I asked her how she did this. Was it the power of praying? 	1
I started writing fiction at the age of eight. 	1
My mother came home one day with a turquoise notebook and asked me if I'd be interested in keeping a personal journal. 	1
Everywhere I went, I felt like my imagination was the only suitcase I could take with me. 	1
I lived in a very vibrant, diverse neighborhood where I wrote several of my novels. 	1
I love writing in Turkish, which to me is very poetic and very emotional, and I love writing in English, which to me is very mathematical and cerebral. 	1
And because God loves her, I did get married. 	1
And this is a subject that I would love to think about together. 	1
They would go to coffee houses, where they would tell a story in front of an audience, often improvising. 	1
But I'm also aware of the danger of fetishizing them. 	1
When I write fiction I cherish elusiveness and changeability. 	1
Actual expenditures recorded under this heading amounted to $300,500, resulting in additional requirements of $47,300.	0
The total expenditure for the reporting period amounted to $5,852,000, resulting in the unutilized balance of $750,400.	0
And that, after a couple of days, made the Kenyan press feel safe to talk about it. 	1
JA: Well, my parents were in the movie business and then on the run from a cult, so the combination between the two ... 	1
From the provision of $12,000, actual expenditures amounted to $4,200, resulting in the unutilized balance of $7,800 under this heading.	0
Consider this: like the prophets, all the superheroes are missing parents. 	1
The Mission’s requirements for medical supplies were largely met through medical services provided under the letter-of-assist arrangements (see para. 60 above).	0
Peter Parker is in a library in Manhattan when the spider descends from above and gives him his message through a bite. 	1
Some librarians escape, and over the course of days and weeks, they dip the stones into the Tigris and suck up that collective wisdom that we all think is lost to civilization. 	1
75. Expenditures related to the training programmes to assist in the professionalization of the Haitian National Police were absorbed by the trust fund to provide goods and services to the international police monitoring programme in Haiti, resulting in the unutilized balance of $130,000 under this heading.	0
After a while, his advisers complained. 	1
Mujiba, from Malaysia: her main power is she's able to answer any question. 	1
Now I went to Dubai, to an Arab Thought Foundation Conference, and I was waiting by the coffee for the right journalist. 	1
II. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization	0
Should this be acceptable, the timing may be maintained in the future.	0
Miklos: No. He gave me access, and you want to reboot the [unclear]. No more [unclear]. 	1
29. Paragraph 32. Although the number of resolutions adopted by the General Assembly has decreased slightly, from 328 at the forty-ninth session to 311 at the fifty-first session, there has been no corresponding drop in the number of reports requested of the Secretary-General.	0
  Rayan reframed the situation and brought himself down to my level. 	1
Six computers are available in the Dag Hammarskjöld Library for the use of mission staff.	0
As it was the custom of the time, Copernicus was actually simply buried in an unmarked grave, together with 14 others in that cathedral. 	1
The United Nations home page receives an average of 1.4 million hits per week, and approximately 15,000 documents are downloaded from ODS weekly.	0
What about the idea of the plurality of the worlds, about life on other planets? 	1
(c) As a source of support for individual organizations within the system, in the face of challenges that are beyond the capacity of any one of them.	0
Let's start with the old Copernican question: Are there earths around other stars? 	1
The Bretton Woods institutions have also been fully engaged in this process.	0
Our team, befittingly I think, named it after one of those dreamers Johannes Kepler, and that telescope's sole purpose is to go out, find the planets that orbit other stars in our galaxy, and tell us how often do planets like our own Earth happen to be out there. 	1
43. Members of the Administrative Committee on Coordination reaffirmed their collective commitment to the renewal of the system as a whole.	0
We are not going to see the image of the star and the planet as this. 	1
56. Paragraph 55 (d). The Board of Auditors conducted a special audit of the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS) in 1997 and submitted its findings (A/52/755).	0
In the next few years we will confirm them. 	1
The Office of Internal Oversight Services submitted a report to the General Assembly on the review of the implementation of procurement reform (A/52/813), which includes a recommendation on a special code of conduct for United Nations officials in procurement-related functions, and proposes certain restrictions on the employment of staff in those functions.	0
Well, first of all, we can study them now that we know where they are. 	1
And that's a very basic question, which we don't know the answer to, but which we can try -- and we are trying -- to answer in the lab. 	1
On one hand, on the left bank of the river, are the people like me who study those planets and try to define the environments. 	1
Having had conferred upon me by the community of States Members of the United Nations the singular honour of presiding over the forty-ninth regular session of the world body, I now feel it necessary to share the lessons learned during my term as President as a contribution to the current debate on the reform process, which is aimed at enhancing the effectiveness and credibility of our Organization.	0
Do you know what the size of life in this necktie will be? 	1
Everybody in the United Nations knows well the modest and small facilities in which the President of the General Assembly has to work.	0
And compared to the tens of thousands of dollars for a traditional EEG system, this headset only costs a few hundred dollars. 	1
This has not always been so: in 1980, for instance, I was received by the President of the General Assembly as Foreign Minister of Portugal during that year’s general debate, and I remember well how large and beautifully equipped was the office of the President.	0
No further funding was available from my Government for other travel.	0
2. In my closing address at the last meeting of the fifty-first session of the General Assembly, on 15 September 1997, I shared my assessment of the work done within the year and commented on the future as well.	0
To me, the fifty-first session had been a time of knuckling down to work and more work, minimizing the ceremonials, and of concentrating creative energies to overcome political wills in discord in an effort to advance the purposes and principles of the Charter and to reform the Organization.	0
 TL: But we can see that it actually works, even though you can only hold it for a little bit of time. 	1
Cancer may kill you, but when you look at the numbers, arthritis ruins more lives. 	1
And the specific barrier is a specific epitope called the galactosyl, or gal epitope. 	1
21. Finally, an additional measure taken by the Third Committee is to encourage the drafting of comprehensive or omnibus resolutions for certain major issues which lend themselves to the development of a set of mutually supporting actions in a single text.	0
They think that choice, as seen through the American lens best fulfills an innate and universal desire for choice in all humans. 	1
In order not to duplicate questions and discussions on technical matters, it is of utmost importance that the Committee is able to rely on the technical competence of these subsidiary organs, which should enable the Committee to endorse their recommendations.	0
This is the only way to ensure that your preferences and interests will be most fully accounted for. 	1
In that draft resolution, it was proposed that the General Assembly would decide that the bureau of the Fifth Committee should, in consultation with the secretariat of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions as early as practicable during the regular session, submit, for approval by the Fifth Committee, a programme of work for both the main part of the regular session and for the resumed sessions, and that, once approved, any delays in reporting by the Secretary-General or the Advisory Committee should be reported immediately to the Chairman of the Fifth Committee who would in turn report thereon to the Committee at its next formal meeting.	0
25. The Fifth Committee held four informal meetings presided by its Chairman, at which it considered in a comprehensive manner questions relating, inter alia, to the organization of its work, the role of the Bureau and measures to ensure the timely issuance of documentation.	0
31. There is every expectation that in the future the Sixth Committee will continue to take actions tending to implement the objectives of General Assembly resolution 48/264.	0
Such small differences in the way we administered the activity yielded striking differences in how well they performed. 	1
Or, you could say that the individual's preferences were shaped by the preferences of specific others. 	1
It leaves little room for interdependence or an acknowledgment of individual fallibility. 	1
Existing resources include a spokesperson, security officers, drivers, two secretaries and hospitality funds.	0
2. A number of factors determined the move to Brindisi.	0
If she survived, she would remain in a permanent vegetative state, never able to walk, talk or interact with others. 	1
And they're dying off rather regularly, tens of thousands around the world. 	1
Additional information is provided in section B of the present annex.	0
See section B of present annex for additional information.	0
The decision was to protect the marshes. 	1
And then there's the problem of the plumes. 	1
Contracts on certification of containers	0
Participation in manufacturer’s training courses.	0
So what do we have? The BP show is going on. 	1
Provision is also made for round-trip travel and subsistence allowance for two internal auditors for 21 days ($10,800).	0
Provision is made in the amount of $759,000 to purchase 35 4x4 vehicles ($630,000), 1 light forklift ($30,000) plus freight at 15 per cent ($99,000) for the completion of two start-up kits.	0
The dispersants -- as I was saying -- their job is to break down the lipid membrane. 	1
(h) Systems contract for repair and maintenance of the Base’s fleet of 52 vehicles, including heavy equipment such as trailers, forklifts and other material handling equipment ($114,300);	0
They thought that eventually the killer whale would be at the top of this cascade. 	1
Packaging materials including tape, cardboard boxes, plastic wrapping, foam-packaging chemicals, etc.	0
28. United Nations Logistics Base, Brindisi.	0
As he was nearing his death, his disciples and followers kept asking him, "What's the secret? 	1
Chief, Contracts Management, Engineering and Maintenance Services	0
And many of you remember the early stages of oceanography, when we had to use what we had at our fingertips. 	1
And this is what the planet looks like. 	1
There are emerging technologies throughout the field around oceanography, which we will incorporate into oceanography, and through that convergence, we will transform oceanography into something even more magical. 	1
Probabilities must then be assigned to each of these, the balance between cost and benefit estimated for each case and then, finally, all the results be combined with due regard to their relative probabilities.	0
But both of these two embarrassing examples, I think, don't highlight what I think is most embarrassing about the mistakes that humans make, which is that we'd like to think that the mistakes we make are really just the result of a couple bad apples or a couple really sort of FAIL Blog-worthy decisions. 	1
Based on the experience of the last five years of United Nations peacekeeping missions, new missions tend to fall into two orders of magnitude: medium-sized missions (of the order of 5,000 troops plus supporting elements), such as the United Nations Angola Verification Mission (UNAVEM III), the United Nations Mission in Haiti (UNMIH) and the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (UNTAES), and small missions (of the order of 100 to 300 military/civilian observers/police, plus supporting elements) such as the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia (UNOMIL), the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia (UNOMIG) or the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan (UNMOT).	0
Because we're a smart species, we can actually create all kinds of environments that are super, super complicated, sometimes too complicated for us to even actually understand, even though we've actually created them. 	1
We create mortgage terms that we can't actually deal with. 	1
It demonstrates that, in effect, every dollar spent on running the Base can be expected to save $2.54 in new procurement costs.	0
When we first gave it to them in their enclosures, they actually kind of picked them up, looked at them. 	1
1. In paragraph 5 of its resolution 52/1, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to consider the possibility of expanding the use of the Logistics Base to other agencies and programmes of the United Nations and to make this information available so as to enable the Assembly to take a decision on the future of the Logistics Base, in the context of a coherent strategy for logistic support.	0
(a) Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR)	0
So not just Honey, most of the monkeys went with guys who had more. 	1
In order to meet the intent of Security Council resolutions quickly and effectively, in particular their requirement for rapid deployment, the Secretary-General considers that the United Nations logistics system must be capable of supporting the following timescales:	0
– Deployment of advance logistics elements completed	0
This approach not only saves the cost of new procurement, it also results in significant time savings versus the conventional United Nations procurement cycle.	0
They're why stock investors hold onto losing stocks longer -- because they're evaluating them in relative terms. 	1
These are three grapes; the monkey's really psyched for this. 	1
Following this scrutiny, the Secretary-General has concluded that the long-term “core” staffing for the Base should be increased by 4 to 48, by including the personnel required to operate and maintain the satellite relay facility, one of the Base’s primary tasks.	0
They're way cuter than the one at ... you know -- Don't do that; they're probably going to be just as dumb as the human one you already have. 	1
Thus, having this facility has avoided the purchase and running cost of two additional earth stations.	0
Anyway, last year, I heard about the Himalayas and the melting of the --  and the melting of the glaciers because of climate change. 	1
A TCP/IP link can act as a bearer of the applications such as Lotus Notes and CC-Mail and will facilitate Internet connectivity to missions which do not have access to local providers.	0
4. The Advisory Committee notes from annex I to the performance report (A/52/722) that the unliquidated obligations for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 amounted to $134.9 million, which constitutes almost half of the total estimated expenditures of $265.1 million (gross).	0
The Advisory Committee points out, however, that the performance report does not contain information on savings under these budget lines resulting from self-sustainment of military personnel.	0
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the vacancy situation in the mission during the period under consideration was as follows: 21 per cent in civilian police, 18 per cent in international staff, 16 per cent in local staff and 10 per cent in United Nations volunteers.	0
The revised cost estimates of $139.2 million gross include $297,500 of budgeted voluntary contributions in kind.	0
A lot of people like to point to some place else as the cause of the problem. 	1
Who have you heard talking lately that's said we have to triple production of goods and services? 	1
MONUA United Nations Observation Mission in Angola	0
UNTAES United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium	0
It depends on who produced it and how, in every single instance. And there are many others. 	1
The Committee experienced serious difficulties in complying with the intended programme of work during its winter/spring session.	0
Are we going to work with 1.5 billion producers? 	1
Other items that are always allotted to the Division include payroll charges for international staff (salaries, common staff costs and staff assessment), the hiring of aircraft and third-party liability insurance.	0
We bring in civil society, we bring in NGOs, we bring in researchers and scientists to have an informed discussion -- sometimes a battle royale -- to figure out what are the key impacts of these products, what is a global benchmark, what's an acceptable impact, and design standards around that. 	1
Moreover, the most up-to-date financial data on budget implementation for the current period should be available during both the preparation and consideration of budget estimates.	0
The study shows that the highest net present value for palm oil is on land that's been degraded. 	1
The Committee had previously called for this in its general report on 1997-1998 financing requirements for peacekeeping operations (A/51/892, para. 6).	0
32. The Advisory Committee observes that for military contingent observers and civilian police, planned deployment does not take fully into account that those personnel are very often not ready for immediate deployment.	0
The issue isn't what to think, it's how to think. 	1
There were no other requests for reimbursement under the new arrangements for contingent-owned equipment for those two missions.	0
The Committee recalls General Assembly resolution 51/218 E of 17 June 1997, section I, paragraph 4, in which the Assembly reiterated that for missions activated prior to 1 July 1996, countries had the option to accept reimbursement under either the new or the old reimbursement methodology.	0
Let me take a poll. How many of you think there are more males in the world? 	1
Nevertheless, the Committee has noted in too many instances unplanned travel not related directly to the political or peacekeeping process, but related more to administration, monitoring, procurement and training.	0
Well, when she had her second daughter, her mother in-law told her son, "I think you'd better get a second wife. 	1
The Committee requests that more planning be introduced into those aspects of travel.	0
Saima's not going to produce you a son." 	1
The Committee welcomes this approach and notes that for all missions, the experience in the use of charter services, rather than individual entitlements, should be the basis for budgeting.	0
The merchants liked her embroidery; it sold very well, and they kept asking for more. 	1
63. The Advisory Committee has been informed that the Office of Internal Oversight Services has completed an investigation on provision of aircraft services and that a report on that subject will be submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 51/231 of 13 June 1997.	0
And she realized that she had the great fortune to be born in a country where we take security for granted, where we not only can feed, clothe and house ourselves, but also provide for wild birds so they don't go hungry in the winter. 	1
c Vacancy rates as forecasted in the initial budget estimates have been calculated on the basis of the phasing-in schedule contained in the budget rather than the authorized staffing.	0
He is just going to use his hand, his body and his voice, just like humans interact with their hands, body and voice. 	1
The Committee also notes from the report that provision for self-sustainment is included under the appropriate budget line items according to the nature of its cost (A/52/805, annex II.C, para. 4).	0
Basically -- the bit that we missed at the start -- his parents had asked him to clean up his room. 	1
This shows a lack of consistency in budget presentation for peacekeeping operations.	0
But this is going to be an introduction, and this is all about the deep psychology that we're trying to use. 	1
∙ Verify that all write-off cases have been submitted in accordance with financial regulations and rules	0
∙ Final review of all accounts receivable/payable cases in dispute, such as outstanding telephone bills and Property Survey Board cases	0
3. The General Assembly, in its resolution 50/237 of 7 June 1996, appropriated an amount of $17,089,600 gross ($16,023,400 net), inclusive of $413,500 for the support account for peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.	0
I moved to Dubai as the head of original content for a Western TV network. 	1
4. The Committee notes that the unencumbered balance results primarily from reduced expenditures in military personnel ($578,200), reflecting a 10 per cent vacancy rate; and reduced expenditures for civilian personnel ($611,900), reflecting a 7 per cent vacancy rate during the reporting period.	0
who had started a successful new tribe. 	1
The Committee was informed that the previous performance report was prepared before the closing of the accounts, owing to technical difficulties at the time, and was therefore based on preliminary expenditures.	0
The earth rotated, as did our management,  and as if by divine intervention, things came together to help this revolution take shape. 	1
The 4 per cent increase in gross terms over the total resources of $19,872,800, provided for the maintenance of UNOMIG for the prior period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, is justified in terms of increased requirements for civilian personnel, transportation, communications and other equipment.	0
So everywhere we went, we auditioned amateurs. 	1
Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina	0
 "And now we go in content to liberty and not to banishment." 	1
In this connection, the Committee sought further clarification with regard to the staff levels in the liaison offices at Belgrade and Zagreb, and was informed that total civilian staff had decreased in the latter office from a total of 25 in September 1997 (17 international and 8 local staff) to 11 in January 1998 (6 international and 5 local staff) while in Belgrade it had decreased from a total of 33 (19 international and 14 local staff) in September 1997 to 16 (6 international and 10 local staff) in October 1997.	0
He goes, "I'm going to the Zara store. It's three miles away. 	1
Like in the Dubai Mall, they sell frozen yogurt by the gram. 	1
As indicated in paragraph 4 of annex II.B, the savings were due not only to lower than estimated average troop strength, but also to tighter management control over rations procurement, distribution and consumption in the mission area. The Advisory Committee welcomes this and trusts that other missions will apply such measures.	0
Because he was standing there in like a cheap suit, thin mustache, staring at me. 	1
In the same annex, a savings of $331,000 were shown in respect of international staff salaries, but the total overexpenditure relates to local staff salaries and overtime payments, as well as to payments to consultants.	0
  I'll leave you guys with this: I try, with my stand-up, to break stereotypes, present Middle Easterners in a positive light -- Muslims in a positive light -- and I hope that in the coming years, more film and television programs come out of Hollywood presenting us in a positive light. 	1
17. As indicated in paragraphs 5 and 7 above, the performance report for the period ending 30 June 1997 shows several efficiency and other management measures that should affect the level of resources required for corresponding items, both in the financial period ending 30 June 1998 and the period ending 30 June 1999.	0
The Advisory Committee was informed that, from the period of inception to 28 February 1998, $1,159.3 million had been assessed on Member States in respect of UNDOF and the United Nations Emergency Force.	0
4. As indicated in the budget report (A/52/771/Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1, para. 20), the financial statements of UNDOF for the period from 1 December 1994 to 30 November 1995 show that there is a surplus balance of $2,742,000, comprising interest income ($1,671,000), miscellaneous income ($28,000) and unutilized prior obligations ($1,043,000).	0
7. Expenditures in the reporting period include a total of $432,400 in respect of expenditures in the period ending 30 June 1996 (ibid., para. 7).	0
and then one how this can be used for good, so we can see that these forces can really be very powerful. 	1
Proposed budget for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 12. The proposed budget of UNDOF for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 amounts to $33,643,900 gross ($32,750,200 net).	0
And this is so powerful that, when they tweak their stats, when they say your crops wilt after eight hours, or after six hours, or after 24 hours, it changes the lifecycle of 70 million-some people during the day. 	1
The mandate has subsequently been extended by the Security Council in its various resolutions, the latest of which was resolution 1151 (1998) of 30 January 1998, which extended the mandate of UNIFIL to 31 July 1998.	0
And you see someone at CVS or -- not CVS -- at Christian Dior or something, and then ... 	1
The Committee’s comments on UNDOF, as indicated in paragraph 7 of its report A/52/860/Add.5, are equally applicable to the case of UNIFIL accounts.	0
The Committee points out that the explanations regarding administrative delays are not satisfactory and the nature of the delays has not been explained.	0
And at Princeton, they've actually experimented with this, where they have quizzes where you gain experience points, and you level up from B to an A. 	1
The Committee requests that, in the future, efforts be made to use the performance experience to estimate future costs in this and other lines of the budget.	0
It's insane. And they have these systems where you can level-up. 	1
The Committee welcomes this approach but notes that the procedure is not followed for all budget items.	0
Failing that, visualized information can just look really cool. 	1
The Committee recommends that the Secretariat continue to use charter flights whenever they are readily available.	0
Now you can also do this with soldiers. 	1
The material in question emanates from a secessionist entity proclaimed as illegal by Security Council resolutions 541 (1983) and 550 (1984) as well as by subsequent resolutions.	0
These resolutions, inter alia, "call upon all States not to recognize the purported State of the 'Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus' set up by secessionist acts and ... not to facilitate or in any way assist the aforesaid secessionist entity".	0
The defensive intentions of my Government, with regard to the S-300 missile system, have been made very clear all along.	0
So heart is filtered out, so I can see if I'm curious about that. 	1
 But not too uncomfortable, because there's something unthreatening about seeing a political perspective, versus being told or forced to listen to one. 	1
Four of those seven resulted in a decision of summary dismissal, one is being handled by the International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO under its delegation of authority, one is being prepared for submission to the Joint Disciplinary Committee, and one is at the stage of consideration as to whether or not to pursue it as a disciplinary matter.	0
We look at the data and we see: Yep, the volcano emitted 150,000 tons; the grounded planes would have emitted 345,000 if they were in the sky. 	1
In resolution 840 (1993) of 15 June 1993, the Security Council endorsed the results of the election held from 23 to 28 May 1993.	0
And here, scientists are drilling into the past of our planet to find clues to the future of climate change. 	1
Paragraph 103 of the Secretary-General’s report further indicates that “enhancing the Organization’s capacity in the area of peacekeeping, as well as improving the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of field operations, are constant, ongoing processes, requiring support and assistance from the Member States and their individual and collective input of expertise, personnel and other resources”.	0
It's urgent work. We know that temperatures are rising. 	1
Training and development of personnel for field assignments is now ongoing both at Headquarters and, as far as practicable, in the field.	0
This process requires extraordinary precautions. 	1
The work in these groups is progressing steadily.	0
Imagine juggling a snowball across the tropics. 	1
It will be appreciated that this provocative and highly adventurous stance of the Greek-Greek Cypriot front does not augur well for their intentions and is further poisoning the political atmosphere of the island at a time when goodwill and mutual trust are most needed as we are trying to establish a new basis for dialogue.	0
I love to draw the deep sea fish, because they are so ugly, but beautiful in their own way. 	1
It is a long-standing requirement of the Organization that all transactions and significant events are promptly recorded, classified, approved and executed by formally authorized persons, with due regard to segregation of duties and competent supervision.	0
He's sort of a Homer Simpson with fins. 	1
Supportive attitude: Managers and employees are to maintain and demonstrate a positive and supportive attitude towards internal controls at all times.	0
And that's what we're doing with the ocean. 	1
Management controls are often viewed as encompassing all controls.	0
Those are called the asphaltenes; they're an ingredient in asphalt. 	1
To maintain an internal control structure that would eliminate the risk of loss is not realistic and would probably cost more than is warranted by the benefits derived.	0
They have a "eureka!" moment, when we suddenly understand oil in a different context. 	1
Personnel should periodically be reminded of their obligations under an operative code of conduct that comes from top management.	0
47. Documentation of the internal control structure, transactions, and significant events must have a clear purpose, contribute to achieving the organization’s objectives and be useful to managers in controlling their operations and to auditors or others involved in analysing operations.	0
We pay for it in our taxes on April 15th. 	1
The specifics of an internal control structure must be periodically reviewed and adjusted to keep pace with each organization’s changing environment.	0
So quick show of hands -- who studied some marketing in university? 	1
Where these are found to be inadequate, the weaknesses, their causes and possible effects should be fully documented and promptly communicated to the audited organization.	0
So the physics is you can never accurately and exactly measure a particle, because the observation changes it. 	1
(c) Identifying and understanding the relevant internal controls;	0
It was, for a long time, revered as the most reliable of cars, and then they had the big recall incident. 	1
This assistance might include secondment or lending of staff, conducting lectures, sharing training materials and developing methodologies and work programmes.	0
that are available now to every consumer, it's impossible to control where it goes. 	1
The successful use of commercially available software later became the precursor for the global assets visibility programme of the field assets control system, which is described further in a report of the Secretary-General dated 31 July 1997 (A/51/957).	0
But we've created a national accounting system which is firmly based on production and producing stuff. 	1
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that the main reason for writing off the UNPF property was either its poor technical condition or the fact that the property had been stolen.	0
Why don't we create a measure of progress that shows that? 	1
The actions to be taken by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session are set out in paragraph 17 of the present report and include the appropriation and assessment of the additional amount of $13,227,900 gross ($12,602,500 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 and the amount of $16,810,600 gross ($16,065,000 net) for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999. A/52/869 Contents Paragraphs	0
And probably the easiest way to show you that, is to show you this graph. 	1
IX. Resources made available and operating costs for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1998	0
These amounts included budgeted voluntary contributions in kind totalling $1,999,900.	0
11. Some 30 per cent of these amounts is based on standard ratios and costs contained in the Standard Ratio/Cost Manual, while the remaining 70 per cent covers mission-specific requirements and other items that vary from the standards.	0
This is what the U.K. government target on carbon and greenhouse emissions looks like. 	1
And I put it to you, that is not business as usual. 	1
15. Some 32 per cent of these amounts is based on standard ratios and costs contained in the Standard Ratio/Cost Manual, while the remaining 68 per cent covers mission-specific requirements and other items that vary from the standards.	0
And I think this is where climate change skeptics and deniers come in. 	1
We've had the same, roughly, abilities that developed civilizations as we know it. 	1
A thousand years into this period, we abandon our hunting and gathering patterns. 	1
We may, in fact, have entered a new geological era -- the Anthropocene, where humans are the predominant driver of change at a planetary level. 	1
Well, the evidence is, unfortunately, ample. 	1
It's not only carbon dioxide that has this hockey stick pattern of accelerated change. 	1
In fact, there's a fence quite upstream of this threshold, beyond which you are in a danger zone. 	1
We don't transgress the climate boundary until the early '90s, actually, right after Rio. 	1
Under the realization from tourist operators, fishermen, the Australian Great Barrier Reef Authority and scientists that the Great Barrier Reef is doomed under the current governance regime. 	1
But again, a crisis, new partnerships, actors locally, transforming these into a key component of sustainable urban planning. 	1
Trust fund for the enhancement of the capacity of the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti	0
And these days, people ask me a lot, how did that feel. 	1
 TD: But it didn't turn out to be so fun and entertaining, as I thought it would have been. 	1
and Assembly of People's Representatives of the Zhogorku	0
But nevertheless, there's no real sense of separation from me in my heart, in terms of the love that I feel for these people. 	1
His Holiness the Karmapa: Tomorrow is my Talk. 	1
Special challenges of humanitarian assistance	0
TD: Lakshmi has worked incredibly hard, even in inviting me, let alone everything else that she has done to make this happen, and I was somewhat resistant at times, and I was also very nervous throughout this week. 	1
Don't you feel one step closer already, like it's already becoming part of your identity? 	1
Today, in many parts of Africa, efforts to break with the patterns of the past are at last beginning to succeed.	0
It also happens to be a relative of parsley. 	1
Some sources are purely internal, some reflect the dynamics of a particular subregion, and some have important international dimensions.	0
The tree was in part a catalyst for the project. 	1
Kingdoms, States and communities in Africa were arbitrarily divided; unrelated areas and peoples were just as arbitrarily joined together.	0
It wasn't until later, when I was actually back home in New York that I got the idea for the project. 	1
Beginning in the early 1990s, the Security Council launched a series of ambitious peacekeeping and peacemaking initiatives in Africa and elsewhere.	0
And if the title "Searching for Armillaria Death Rings," sounds ominous, it is. 	1
The United Nations early warning capabilities have been significantly improved in recent years.	0
 Rachel Sussman: 300? No, 175 is the oldest living tortoise, so nowhere near 2,000. 	1
Before international action is required, I urge Governments in situations of potential or actual conflict to consider the appointment of special mediators or special commissions to look into the sources of the dispute, build confidence, and recommend practical solutions.	0
In 1997, the appointment of a joint United Nations/OAU Special Representative for the Great Lakes region marked a significant innovation which may also prove useful in other circumstances.	0
This is the clonal Creosote bush, which is around 12,000 years old. 	1
The utility of the Special Conference during the peace process has prompted suggestions that this mechanism be retained to deal with the challenges of post-conflict peace-building that now lie ahead for Liberia.	0
And you see it has that similar circular form. 	1
Arms exporting countries have a responsibility to exercise restraint, especially with respect to the export of weapons into zones of conflict or tension in Africa.	0
30. In addition to the terrible price paid in Rwanda, the broader costs of paralysis can be seen in the reaction by some African Governments, especially in the Great Lakes region, to marginalize the United Nations from further political involvement in the region’s affairs.	0
The children barely went to school, they didn't know any English -- they'd never seen a computer before, and they didn't know what the internet was. 	1
37. Implementation of comprehensive settlements.	0
And when you've got interest, then you have education. 	1
Largely successful operations of this type were carried out in Angola, Mozambique and Namibia.	0
Despite appeals from my predecessor and from the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the international community failed to support efforts to separate former combatants from non-combatant refugees who had ensconced themselves on the territory of the former Zaire, along its border with Rwanda.	0
The multiplicity of actors and the failure at times to achieve consensus on operations or objectives has sometimes impeded rather than advanced humanitarian goals.	0
The Resident Coordinator will keep the Representative of the Secretary-General fully informed about relevant activities or initiatives of the United Nations, and will provide continuity once the mandate of the Office has ended.	0
So here are some of the works I would like to show you. 	1
They should be accompanied by determined efforts to stamp out corrupt practices and implement other civil service reforms that will improve the ability of government to carry out its functions.	0
Is there any way to capture the thought into visual art? 	1
Dramatic cuts in assistance to Africa have been registered in recent years.	0
Appropriate and effective aid levels need to be established.	0
So what you see now is called "Shadow Foreshadow." 	1
In the past, a range of political, institutional and physical constraints have hampered efforts to promote greater regional integration in Africa.	0
I was fascinated by the Cold War, over intermediate-range nuclear missiles, the proxy war between the Soviet Union and the U.S. 	1
I am confident that Africans will not be found wanting, in stamina, in determination, or in political will.	0
I also urge that consideration be given to the convening of the Security Council at summit level within five years, for this purpose.	0
And I decided to take some time out from work. 	1
Letter dated 9 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
Upon instructions from my Government, I have the honour to refer to the letter dated 11 March 1998 addressed to you by the Greek Cypriot representative at the United Nations (A/52/839-S/1998/260), which contains allegations regarding cultural property in the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.	0
And it was like that for me. I love that movie. 	1
Letter dated 14 April 1998 from Mr. Aytuğ Plümer	0
The Turkish Cypriot people have never bowed to the illegal writ of the Greek Cypriot side and have defended their sovereign rights emanating from the 1960 Agreements on Cyprus.	0
And with my Albanian friends, we tried to stop it, but we failed. 	1
At 1930 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.	0
At 0900 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the South at high altitude.	0
Now, I'm convinced a lot of you probably share my passions, especially my passion for Judge Judy, and you'd fight anybody who attempted to take her away from us, but I'm a little less convinced that you share the central passion of my life, a passion for the live professional performing arts, performing arts that represent the orchestral repertoire, yes, but jazz as well, modern dance, opera, theater and more and more and more. 	1
At 0555 hours Israeli forces fired several 155-mm shells at outlying areas of Yatar, Zibqin, Bra`shit and Tibnin from their position at Tall Ya`qub.	0
You know, we've said for a long time, we are critical to the health of the economic communities in your town. 	1
At 1740 hours the Lahad militia directed several bursts of fire at outlying areas of Kafr Rumman from its position on Suwayda hill.	0
Business leadership will depend more and more on emotional intelligence, the ability to listen deeply, to have empathy, to articulate change, to motivate others -- the very capacities that the arts cultivate with every encounter. 	1
At 2100 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired several shells at Kafr Rumman and areas around the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah from their positions on Dabshah hill, Tahrah hill and Sujud hill.	0
Most of the science that is behind these numbers, these potential targets, is based on studies on land. 	1
Now, we have many ways to study natural variability. 	1
I have the honour to enclose the text of the proposal by the Russian Federation on the demilitarization of the Republic of Cyprus and the maintenance of the security of its inhabitants.	0
So we know there's an ice shelf overhead. 	1
Upon instructions from my Government, and further to my letter dated 21 April 1998 (A/52/875-S/1998/340), I have the honour to draw your attention to the following new violations of the airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and of the flight information region of Nicosia by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, which were recorded on 24 April 1998.	0
Then there was similar mortality in '97-'98. And what we found after drilling back in time two to 400 years was that these were unique events. 	1
I should like to express my thanks and sincere appreciation for the concern you demonstrated during your recent visit to Lebanon.	0
Failure to reach agreement on these will lead to implementation of resolution 425 (1978) being frozen.	0
It's not just my group; there's maybe 30 groups worldwide doing this. 	1
The parties to the other tracks can have no confidence that the Government of Israel, which calls for negotiations where there should be none, for example with respect to resolution 425 (1978), and refuses to negotiate, when it should, on resolutions 242 (1967) and 338 (1973), will make any proposals that are innocent of political, legal or propaganda considerations.	0
(b) Resolution 50/204 A of 23 December 1995 (in particular the provisions of para. 4 regarding implementation of the Board’s recommendations);	0
Such disclosure would appear sufficient to address the concerns raised by the above recommendation.	0
So we figured out some pretty interesting ways to track CO2 levels in the atmosphere, going back millions of years. 	1
“The Administration should establish a global procurement planning process in order to avoid unwarranted extensions of contracts and also to benefit from economies of scale where possible (para. 59)”.	0
“The Headquarters Committee on Contracts should not consider letters of assist on an ex post facto basis; the Administration should clearly define the circumstances in which non-letters of assist claims can be accepted (para. 79)”.	0
Weaknesses in the management and control of procurement operations created a climate that may have fostered fraud and financial abuse.	0
For the past 15 years, powerful communities have been connecting online, sparking off each other. 	1
The Mission stated that it was introducing procedures in an attempt to prevent delays and avoid improprieties in processing requisitions.	0
Thus, the Chief Procurement Officer was given extraordinary authority, despite the fact that there had been earlier serious allegations necessitating a commission to review the procurement actions in South Africa.	0
Subsequently, in April 1998, OIOS was informed that the recovery was in progress.	0
But of course, we've spread to every corner of the globe and in Arctic Canada, where I live, we have perpetual daylight in summer and 24 hours of darkness in winter. 	1
Even after a lapse of more than two years, the case had not been presented to the Headquarters Committee on Contracts.	0
30. The resident auditor’s review of case files relating to the provision of bulk water supply, sewage and garbage disposal and the supply of butane gas at Viana Transit Camp and Viana Logistics Base during the period from May to November 1995 revealed several irregularities.	0
Every line between them is a relationship between two people -- different kinds of relationships. 	1
IV. Assets donated to Somali communities	0
And in fact, if you could do that, what you would see is something like this. 	1
3. The disposition of the assets of peacekeeping operations is guided by the proposals of the Secretary-General contained in his report of 25 May 1994 (A/48/945 and Corr.1, para. 110) and the recommendations of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in its report of 18 November 1994 (A/49/664 and Add.1).	0
And on the right-hand side, we show the same data, but here with daily incidence. 	1
(c) Any equipment or property not required or which it is not feasible to dispose of in the above manner or which is in poor condition will be subject to commercial disposal within the country, following standard United Nations regulations and procedures;	0
The problem, however, is that mapping human social networks is not always possible. 	1
The Assembly was referring to an amount of $5,284,000 in the proposed budget for UNFICYP from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, representing the United Nations share of the one-time cost of termination benefits and redundancy payments for 304 former locally employed civilians in Cyprus.	0
The red dots are going to be cases of the flu, and the yellow dots are going to be friends of the people with the flu. 	1
Differences emerged over who was responsible for payment of the termination benefits to the locally employed civilians, the United Nations or the United Kingdom. The United Nations took the position that as the issue was generated by the United Kingdom’s decision to withdraw from providing those services, the cost should be based on the same cost-sharing formula that was applied to locally employed civilians salaries and other staff costs, including termination payments to individual locally employed civilians who had been terminated during the life of the Memorandum of Understanding.	0
The slope of the epidemic curve is approaching now, in November. 	1
∙ Firstly, in large measure, the problem was caused by lack of precision in the four-page Memorandum of Understanding (inclusive of the two-page annex). The respective obligations of the two parties for the contractual employees’ various benefits and entitlements, including termination benefits, were not defined.	0
And by behaviors, I can mean things like criminal behavior, or voting behavior, or health care behavior, like smoking, or vaccination, or product adoption, or other kinds of behaviors that relate to interpersonal influence. 	1
If I'm likely to do something that affects others around me, this technique can get early warning or early detection about the adoption within the population. 	1
Subsequently, then, after discussion between the parties it was agreed that salaries would be paid on a cost-sharing basis proportional to the function and work assigned to each post, whether for the British contingent, to be paid by the United Kingdom, or “other elements”, to be paid by UNFICYP.	0
They're all kinds of ways we can use massively collected data to create sensor networks to follow the population, understand what's happening in the population, and intervene in the population for the better. 	1
She stated that she had distributed to all locally employed civilians a memorandum informing them that all locally employed civilian contracts would be terminated on 30 June 1995; all attendant termination benefits and allowances applicable under the Civilian Establishment and Pay Office contract provisions would become payable to each locally employed civilian on board at UNFICYP at that date; and completely new United Nations contracts would be issued effective 1 July 1995.	0
And I spent about three years researching. 	1
Well, when you're off to work, under the road or under the buildings that you see, there might very well be cellular concrete, which is a very light kind of concrete that's actually got proteins from bones inside and it's also fully reusable. 	1
29. Documentation made available to OIOS makes it very clear that the United Kingdom had taken a unilateral decision and would not agree, under any conditions, to continue to provide the service.	0
This is a bullet coming from a very large ammunition company in the United States. 	1
I mean, this is what is happening inside your brain. 	1
Comments received from UNHCR in April 1998 were taken into account in preparing the present report and are shown in the text in italics.	0
And it turns out that, in fact, the kind of network patterns of the outside world mimic a lot of the network patterns of the internal world of the human brain. 	1
7. As a result of the international sanctions imposed by the Security Council on the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1992, there was a shortage of petroleum-based products in the country.	0
14. Further, information on the distribution of Lysol indicates that approximately 375,000 litres had been released from UNHCR warehouses before the Government failed to issue further import clearance in early December 1993.	0
They happened at the conference table at the weekly lab meeting, when everybody got together and shared their kind of latest data and findings, oftentimes when people shared the mistakes they were having, the error, the noise in the signal they were discovering. 	1
Looking at this case in hindsight, it appears that the UNHCR staff in Belgrade and the staff supporting the Yugoslavia programme at UNHCR headquarters could not have anticipated this problem and did their utmost to resolve it once it arose.	0
And so they bring in this big, clunky analog tape recorder and they start recording these little bleep, bleeps. 	1
OIOS has not obtained any technical or other information that would suggest otherwise.	0
And then they played around with it a little bit more, and they talked to a couple of their colleagues who had other kind of specialties. 	1
Between 1640 and 1715 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 155-mm and 120-mm artillery shells in the direction of Jabal Sujud and Jabal Safi from their positions in Sharifah and Rayhan.	0
And I'm going to talk about annual pregnancies and HIV-positive mothers. 	1
Between 0640 and 0710 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 155-mm artillery shells at the environs of Mayfadun, Zibqin, Majdal Zun and Zawtar al-Gharbiyah from their positions at Zafatah, Sharifah and on Tall Ya`qub.	0
So in the United States, since the advent of treatment in the middle of the 1990s, there's been an 80-percent decline in the number of HIV-infected children. 	1
The truth is sub-Saharan Africa has 24 percent of the global disease burden and yet only three percent of the world's health care workers. 	1
At 0600 hours the Lahad militia fired two 81-mm shells in the direction of Wadi al-Habib from their position at Tumat Jazzin.	0
And I want to change the story a little bit. 	1
Between 0850 and 1200 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia directed several bursts of fire at Hursh al-Mu`yatah from their positions on Tallat Rum and at Castle Beaufort.	0
The door opens and there's a room full of mothers, mothers with babies, and they're sitting, and they're talking, they're listening. 	1
At 1930 hours Israel's client militia directed several bursts of fire in the direction of Wadi al-Habib from its position at Tumat Jazzin.	0
Your baby is going to be HIV-negative." 	1
Between 2130 and 2245 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South at high altitude.	0
And so doctors and nurses -- they look up to them as experts. 	1
At 0130 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the Nabatiyah area at high altitude.	0
At 2225 hours Israeli forces and their client militia fired a number of artillery shells on the environs of Haddatha, Bra`shit and Tibnin from inside the occupied strip.	0
And this is so important in breaking through the stigma. 	1
And it's through the sharing that people get tactics of how to take care of themselves, how to disclose how to take medicines. 	1
Between 1615 and 1950 hours the client militia fired three 155-mm artillery shells on the environs of Mansuri from its positions at Tall Ya`qub and Rajmayn.	0
The world is increasingly seeing these programs as the bridge to comprehensive maternal and child health. 	1
During the Committee’s hearings on the subject of the support account, representatives of the Secretary-General, in response to queries of the Committee, confirmed that if the request for conversions were accepted by the General Assembly it would be possible to phase out all gratis personnel in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations by the end of December 1998.	0
I've subsequently become an envoy for Scotland and HIV. 	1
I tell her story to everyone because she represents one of millions of HIV/AIDS orphans. 	1
President McDonald notes that, with the current capacity of the two Trial Chambers, and with the possibility that further indicted persons might be transferred to the custody of the Tribunal or that several cases might be severed, the Tribunal might require considerable time to complete all the trials.	0
The doctors and nurses were phenomenal. 	1
Secondly, there is a need to utilize fully the additional courtrooms made possible by donations from Member States.	0
If you change the grasp, it can adjust to that. 	1
Therefore, I would sincerely appreciate any assistance that you would provide to the International Tribunal in assuring that this request and report are considered by the Security Council in a timely manner.	0
It's also useful if you want to put it down on your nightstand to watch a movie or use as an alarm clock, it stands. 	1
Later in the year, the Governments of the Netherlands and the United States of America supplemented by a donation from Canada, offered assistance for a joint project to construct a third and expanded court facility, which would accommodate joint trials of up to six accused.	0
Well, I can feel it, it's doing all right -- I don't have to check it. 	1
Yet some accused have been in custody for long periods of time awaiting the commencement of their trials - one accused was in custody for almost one year and three months before his trial was commenced.	0
And I think making it physical is a good way to do that. 	1
A third Trial Chamber, consisting of three additional judges and a rotating judge, is required.	0
It reduces everything down to what's relevant and it discards everything that's not relevant. 	1
A summary description of the costs involved and additional staff required is provided in the table below.	0
Listen to this -- this is an uncompressed piece of music. 	1
A/52/892 4. In the view of the Committee, the performance report is too focused on providing statistical information rather than information on management issues relating to the administration of the support account.	0
I urge you to move away from silence with intention and to design soundscapes just like works of art. 	1
The Committee points out that the backstopping requirements of a mission with mainly civilian police responsibilities would be different from those of a military observer mission, although the number of personnel in both missions could be the same.	0
12. The proposed staffing of 469 temporary posts, compared with the current staffing table of 346 posts, appears to reflect the establishment of 20 new posts, the deletion of 3 posts and the conversion of 106 positions, previously occupied by gratis personnel officers, into temporary posts.	0
Design soundscapes to be beautiful around you at home and at work. 	1
14. Taking into account what has been stated in the paragraphs above, the Advisory Committee intends to resume consideration of the requirements for the support account for 1998-1999 in September 1998 after receipt of reliable data and analysis.	0
It is, as you can see, very small and also very cheap. 	1
The total number of regular budget posts should be four.	0
It's really just a pressure sensor like the kind that's in a doorbell. 	1
Here's a biometric device: a pair of Apple Earbuds. 	1
If we continue through the entire stack, we can reconstruct the three-dimensional shape of a small fragment of a branch of a neuron. 	1
You should see small circles -- these are called vesicles. 	1
(d) To ensure security and freedom of movement of United Nations personnel and the safety and security of United Nations property;	0
And synapses can grow larger, and they can grow smaller. 	1
(d) To provide good offices and mediation between the Government and political parties;	0
(g) To encourage the United Nations agencies and programmes to provide assistance to the Central African Republic, in particular in the areas referred to in the report of the Secretary-General (S/1998/148).	0
The connectome is where nature meets nurture. 	1
10. In accordance with paragraph 18 of Security Council resolution 1159 (1998), a trust fund was established in order to enable Member States to make voluntary contributions to support the activities of MINURCA and to assist in the financing of the Mission.	0
These are plausible claims, but in truth, we can't see the brain's wiring clearly enough to tell if these are really true. 	1
We have used our brains to fashion ever more amazing technologies. 	1
One day a man told me, "My future does not look brilliant, but I want to have a brilliant future for my son." 	1
At that time, it was the head of Caritas Germany. 	1
And doctors usually have three to six minutes for the patients, but now this will change. 	1
Ad hoc provisional rate effective 15 May 1998, not subject to reduction after 30 days.	0
Excludes military personnel receiving food and bottled water allowance.	0
So I went to the military and asked to borrow 300 radio stations. 	1
Laundry and cleaning (based on the established self-sustainment rate of $21.25 per person-month).	0
Second of all, we should really strive to use far less energy in creating these materials. 	1
Provision of medical and dental services and supplies (level–2 medical facility) at the established rate of $76.75 per person–month.	0
I fit into it, you fit into it, and a hundred years tops, my body can return to the Earth with no preprocessing. 	1
And it's when this lid goes on the part, that the magic really starts. 	1
The next is self-assembly, because the organism is actually doing most of the work in this process. 	1
Base radio station, transceiver/receiver	0
And hope actually is at the heart of this. 	1
In the world I describe to you, we have to be right over here at the right-hand side at six grams of carbon. 	1
We love new stuff -- new material stuff for sure -- but also new ideas, new adventures, new experiences. 	1
It's an anomaly, it's a place where the system actually is at odds with who we are as people. 	1
For the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998, the cost estimates take into account the projected 15 and 10 per cent delayed recruitment factor for international and local staff, respectively.	0
Investment has to be, in the new economy, protecting and nurturing the ecological assets on which our future depends. 	1
(v) Logistical assistance travel, including travel in connection with the implementation of the Field Assets Control System, $26,400 (four logistics personnel for 10 days each at $6,600 per trip).	0
And at the heart of that economics, we're placing a more credible, more robust, and more realistic vision of what it means to be human. 	1
As indicated in section B of the present annex, provision of $11,300 is made for the shipping of softwall storage facilities available from stock.	0
CA: And if someone could convince you that we actually can make the -- what was it? -- the 130-fold improvement in efficiency, of reduction of carbon footprint, would you then actually like that picture of economic growth into more knowledge-based goods? 	1
Owing to the non-availability of vehicles for commercial hire in the mission area and in view of procurement lead times, in order to meet the Mission’s operational requirements for the initial period, provision of $507,300 is made for the transfer of 83 vehicles, including 20 reserve vehicles, from the United Nations Observer Mission in Angola (MONUA) (two sedans) and the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium (UNTAES) (one sedan, 40 light utility vehicles, 25 light pick-up trucks and 15 minibuses).	0
They actually are a fish that is endothermic -- powers through the ocean with warm muscles like a mammal. 	1
The proposed vehicle establishment for MINURCA is shown in annex VI, representing a 1:2.5 passenger vehicle to international civilian staff ratio.	0
This is what one of nature's finest machines. 	1
As detailed in section A of the present annex, provision under this heading is based on the worldwide third-party liability insurance premium rates in effect from 1 July 1997.	0
Some of you may be guilty of having contributed to the demise of bluefin. 	1
The total requirements are estimated, on a full-cost basis, at $291,800 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $611,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998.	0
And when I see that tuna -- this is my favorite view -- I begin to wonder: how did this fish solve the longitude problem before we did? 	1
Provision of $5,000 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $10,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 is based on the estimated monthly cost of $2,000 and covers bank charges, legal fees and miscellaneous services not covered elsewhere.	0
And I'm going to show you three clips, because I tagged 1,100 tunas. 	1
In this case, what we're going to do is put a pop-up satellite archival tag on the tuna. 	1
Member States are given credit in the fund in proportion to their respective rates of contribution to the MINURCA budget. Annex IV A for offset Annex IV B for offset	0
Engineering and Buildings Management Section	0
And then we'll put on a satellite tag that will give us the long-distance journeys with the light-based geolocation algorithms solved on the computer that's on the fish. 	1
And Scott Benson's team that showed that leatherbacks go from Indonesia all the way to Monterey. 	1
If they died, at what age and what year? 	1
Calling upon the participants in the peace process in Tajikistan for unconditional and scrupulous fulfilment of the obligations they have assumed, the Russian Federation and Uzbekistan attach importance to the intensification of cooperation on a bilateral basis and within the framework of international efforts, including those undertaken by the United Nations and OSCE, in the interest of full and timely implementation of the General Agreement.	0
The Russian Federation and Uzbekistan, supporting each other's initiatives and efforts, intend jointly to ensure the implementation by the various Afghan groups of the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and the Security Council and the immediate cessation of the prolonged conflict.	0
Financing of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi	0
This was the estimate of the new survey. 	1
The difference between initial resources and final expenditures reflects a series of factors which intervened during the course of the biennium.	0
15. Towards this end, it is proposed that brainstorming meetings, involving high-level experts and senior representatives of United Nations programmes and agencies involved in development work, be organized to carry out extensive analysis drawing from past experience, in order to identify remedial measures and basic policy approaches that could provide the foundation of a new international consensus on development.	0
That is, when we get girls in school, we'll get an impact 15 to 20 years later, which is a secular trend which is very strong. 	1
You'll expand your vocabulary, meet new people, and you'll have a healthier lifestyle. 	1
In order to assist them in this important endeavour, UNCTAD needs to analyse a number of sectors in which the next round of negotiations will be held, drawing out the points of special concern to the developing countries.	0
We have the animals that are able to live and to sense, and on the top of the pyramid, there is the man. 	1
30. As envisaged in paragraph 3 of the Integrated Framework, activities for individual African least developed countries under the joint International Trade Centre/UNCTAD/WTO Integrated Technical Assistance Programme in selected least developed and other African countries, are subsumed under the Integrated Framework.	0
(iii) $50,000 for organization of trade-related round tables.	0
These are young sunflowers, and what they are doing cannot be described with any other terms than playing. 	1
A major effort is required on their part to upgrade and develop the specialized skills of those from both the public and private sectors involved in the development of trade strategies and in the negotiation of multilateral, regional and bilateral trade agreements.	0
How is it possible to do this without a brain? 	1
We have 11 and a half million root apex and a total length of 600 or more kilometers and a very high surface area. 	1
We have the androids that are inspired by man. 	1
They take real-time data and immediately feed it back into the product. 	1
It's a lot like other consumer companies. 	1
I had somebody from an NGO once describe it to me as bowling in the dark. 	1
The world must stop the Israeli Government of Mr. Benjamin Netanyahu before it plunges the region into an even more dire and unstable situation.	0
India's neighbours will naturally be concerned about the tests but a nuclear arms race is not the way to address the issue of maintaining stability in south Asia.	0
We know that a million and a half children die a year from diarrhea and a lot of it is because of open defecation. 	1
Letter dated 11 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
But then you take the toilet and you position it as a modern, trendy convenience. 	1
Letter dated 14 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
And if we could do that, we could stop vaccinating everybody, worldwide, in all of our countries for polio. 	1
After all, it was the buildings, not the earthquake, that killed 220,000 people, that injured 330,000, that displaced 1.3 million people, that cut off food and water and supplies for an entire nation. 	1
We are deeply disappointed that India, which has always professed its commitment to nuclear disarmament, has failed to live up to these ideals.	0
We inspected medical centers and food warehouses. 	1
It is the intention of the Committee to revert to this matter when it examines the various reports on contingent-owned equipment that are forthcoming.	0
It's a handy-dandy quote from Hippocrates of the Hippocratic oath that says, "The greater part of the soul lays outside the body, treatment of the inner requires treatment of the outer." 	1
Taking into account the fact that obligations of $383,003, which pertained to UNMIH for the period ending 30 June 1996, were recorded in the UNSMIH accounts for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997, the overestimation as a percentage of initial budget proposals was 16.6 per cent.	0
Number four and five were childhood obesity and diabetes-related issues. 	1
1. As a result of the implementation of the wet-lease arrangements for the reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment, requirements under the contingent-owned equipment budget line increased and requirements under other budget line items decreased.	0
They're even better models of environmental health, because not only the same mammalian biology, but they share your diet, largely. 	1
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL	0
REPORT OF THE SPECIAL COMMITTEE TO INVESTIGATE ISRAELI PRACTICES	0
And I want to sort of point out the big advantage of framing health in this external way. 	1
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter distributed as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.	0
That 99 percent of the time when a firetruck is not parking there, it's infiltrating pollutants. 	1
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL	0
And aggregated, these smaller interceptions could actually infiltrate all the roadborne pollution that now runs into the estuary system, up to a seven inch rain event, up to a hundred-year storm. 	1
I have the honour to draw your attention to the attached statement issued on 12 May 1998 by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of Ukraine in response to the underground nuclear tests conducted by India on 11 May 1998.	0
What is the fallout shelter for the climate crisis? 	1
This is what it will look like, fingers crossed, NYU willing. 	1
These are just your average urban pigeon. 	1
Letter dated 18 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
Uzbekistan considers that the tremendous economic and financial resources which are being devoted to the manufacture of weapons of mass destruction would be better used to further the economic and social development of countries in the region.	0
When a fish swims underneath, a light goes on. 	1
While the deadline is totally inflexible, the task of tackling the millennium bug is time-consuming and requires technical expertise as well as financial resources.	0
And Yellowstone National Park, there's more "do not feed the animals" signs than there are animals you might wish to feed. 	1
Connecting to people in projects like YoungmeNowme for example. 	1
6. The Advisory Committee recalls that in paragraph 2 of the annex to his report to the Security Council dated 23 February 1998 (S/1998/148), the Secretary-General indicated that the mandate of MINURCA would be of a limited duration and, subject to the decision of the Council, would end 90 days after the announcement of the election results, with the actual drawdown of the Mission beginning no later than 60 days from the date of such an announcement.	0
18. With regard to rations, the Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 4 of annex III.C that at the request of troop-contributing countries, arrangements established under MISAB for the feeding of military contingents will be continued; provision is made for the disbursement of food and bottled water allowance to 1,000 troops at $11.04 per person per day for 77,000 person-days for the period up to 30 June 1998 ($850,100) and for 153,000 person-days for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 ($1,689,100).	0
And that's not always going to happen in physical spaces. 	1
Local staff on board as at 18 May 1998 totalled 36; the remaining 37 are under recruitment.	0
Sometimes they're a little bit more abstract. 	1
SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT AND INTERNATIONAL ECONOMIC COOPERATION	0
So one of them was fairly straightforward. 	1
I have the honour to enclose the text of a letter addressed to you by Prime Minister Muhammad Nawaz Sharif on the subject of the dangerous development of tensions in South Asia as a result of the nuclear tests and other provocative moves by India.	0
I imagined in my head, a kind of long line of individuals that were never going away, that would always be with us. 	1
Long before it came to power the party has set for itself the goals of (1) overt nuclear weaponization and (2) resolution of the Kashmir problem by use of force.	0
I started to feel guilty for my own relative wealth, because I wasn't doing more, apparently, to make things better. 	1
7. Invites Governments to prepare their national evaluations on the implementation of the Platform for Action with the involvement of civil society;	0
It was really humbling to see for the first time, to really understand that even if I could have taken a magic wand and fixed everything, I probably would have gotten a lot wrong. 	1
8. Requests the Secretary-General to invite all entities of the United Nations system, including the specialized agencies, funds and programmes, to be actively involved in preparatory activities and to participate at the highest level in the special session, including through presentations on best practices, obstacles encountered and a vision for the future to accelerate implementation and address new and emerging trends;	0
Because the best way for people to change their lives is for them to have control and to do that in a way that they believe is best for them. 	1
Letter dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
conducted by the Governments of India and Pakistan, issued	0
Note verbale dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Mission	0
You know we have up to five tastes, three of them sustain us. 	1
In the past several weeks, moreover, Israel has committed a series of dangerous actions that threaten to plunge the region into an even more dire and unstable situation.	0
I should be grateful if the text of the present letter could be circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda item 61, and of the Security Council.	0
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith a copy of the statement issued by the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the United Arab Emirates concerning the underground nuclear tests recently conducted out by India and Pakistan.	0
I'm a visual artist, and I'm also one of the co-founders of the Plastic Pollution Coalition. 	1
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL	0
And my initial reaction -- and I think this is a lot of people's first reaction to learning about it -- is, "Oh my God! 	1
Although the policy of the Government of Cyprus is to protect and maintain all cultural, historical and religious monuments in Cyprus, this policy is unfortunately not adhered to in the illegally occupied areas controlled by Turkish troops, where my Government has no control.	0
We need to cut the spigot of single-use and disposable plastics, which are entering the marine environment every day on a global scale. 	1
It should be reiterated that these acts of destruction are being promoted by Turkey in keeping with its policies and long-term expansionist plans against Cyprus.	0
Moreover it is a further example of Turkey's complete disrespect for other people's cultural heritage and the religious intolerance practised by that country.	0
So I came together with a group of other people who were all looking at this issue, and we created the Plastic Pollution Coalition. 	1
You put something in a bin and you don't have to think about it again. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)	0
It is down-cycled and turned into lesser things, while a glass bottle can be a glass bottle again or can be used again -- a plastic bottle can never be a plastic bottle again. 	1
6. At its 68th meeting, on 29 May and 26 June, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.35, as orally revised and amended, without a vote (see para. 8).	0
"[5. Requests the Secretary-General to take the necessary measures to ensure the full implementation of paragraph 8 of General Assembly resolution 51/233, stressing that Israel shall pay the amount of 1.7 million dollars resulting from the incident at Qana on 18 April 1996;]	0
And then, of course, they were used by extremists and politicians on the other side. 	1
8. Also at the 68th meeting, the Chairman orally amended draft resolution A/C.5/52/L.52 as follows:	0
So this is really journalism in cartoons. 	1
Having considered the reports of the Secretary-General on the financing of the United Nations Interim Force in LebanonA/52/804 and A/52/806 and Add.1. and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions,A/52/860/Add.6.	0
I mean, the press in Ivory Coast was bitterly divided -- it was compared to the media in Rwanda before the genocide -- so imagine. 	1
Recalling its resolution S-8/2 of 21 April 1978 on the financing of the Force and its subsequent resolutions thereon, the latest of which was resolution 51/233 of 13 June 1997,	0
Sometimes editors would tell their cartoonists to draw what they wanted to see, and the guy has to feed his family, right? 	1
Recalling its previous decisions regarding the fact that, in order to meet the expenditures caused by the Force, a different procedure is required from that applied to meet expenditures of the regular budget of the United Nations,	0
We brought together cartoonists from all sides in Ivory Coast. 	1
Concerned also that the surplus balances in the Special Account for the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon have been used to meet expenses of the Force in order to compensate for the lack of income resulting from non-payment and late payment by Member States of their contributions,	0
And humor is a good way, I think, to address serious issues. 	1
And if they do so, then, of course, the conditions improve, and they start riding on scooters. 	1
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,	0
And you can see, there is a physical space that has been created for him, parking that car, along with the owner's car, but more importantly, they've created a space in their mind that "Yes, my chauffeur is going to come in his own car and park it." 	1
15. Takes note of the views expressed by Member States on the cumulative interest income in the Special Account for the United Nations Transitional Authority in Cambodia;	0
English Page "(b) Expresses its serious concern regarding the observation of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions in paragraph 6 of its report regarding the use of gratis personnel as negotiators for the United Nations for wet-lease arrangements", by the following:	0
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.5/52/L.41, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 6).	0
(d) Decides also to defer consideration of the treatment of the unencumbered balance arising in respect of the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997 pending the submission of the final performance report for the United Nations Peace Forces.	0
Time taken for moving a molecule to marketplace, after all the human and animal testing, was 10 years, now it is 15 years. 	1
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE	0
3. Expresses its appreciation to those Member States which have paid their assessed contributions in full;	0
So the message he was giving us was you must get more from less and less and less so that you can share it for more and more people, not only the current generation, but the future generations. 	1
1. At the end of the twelve-month period provided for in financial regulation 4.3, any unliquidated obligations of the financial period in question relating to goods supplied and services rendered by Governments for which claims have been received or which are covered by established reimbursement rates shall be transferred to accounts payable; such accounts payable shall remain recorded in the Special Account for the United Nations Operation in Mozambique until payment is effected;	0
Because of the four billion people whose income is under two dollars a day. 	1
1. At its 4th plenary meeting, on 19 September 1997, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled "Financing of the United Nations Peacekeeping Force in Cyprus" and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.	0
FINANCING OF THE UNITED NATIONS OBSERVER MISSION IN GEORGIA	0
When I was at Council of Scientific Industry Research -- 40 laboratories -- when two laboratories were not talking to each other, I would [unclear]. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Djamel MOKTEFI (Algeria)	0
I'm trying to build a global team, which will look at the global grand challenges that the world is facing. 	1
Recalling also Security Council resolution 858 (1993) of 24 August 1993, by which the Council decided to establish the United Nations Observer Mission in Georgia, and the subsequent resolutions by which the Council extended the mandate of the Observer Mission, the latest of which was resolution 1150 (1998) of 30 January 1998,	0
Bearing in mind the special responsibilities of the States permanent members of the Security Council, as indicated in General Assembly resolution 1874 (S-IV) of 27 June 1963, in the financing of such operations,	0
III. RECOMMENDATION OF THE FIFTH COMMITTEE	0
Let me mention three reasons why it's too simple. 	1
You know, everything says, here's the growth rate of China, here's the growth rate of the U.S., here it goes -- straight line. 	1
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the reports of the Secretary-General (A/52/768 and A/52/805) and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (A/52/860/Add.1).	0
If you ask how is power distributed in the world today, it's distributed much like a three-dimensional chess game. 	1
Recalling Security Council resolutions 983 (1995) of 31 March 1995, by which the Council decided that the United Nations Protection Force within the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia should be known as the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force, and 1142 (1997) of 4 December 1997, by which the Council extended the mandate of the Force for a final period, until 31 August 1998,	0
If China develops greater energy security and greater capacity to deal with its problems of carbon emissions, that's good for us as well as good for China as well as good for everybody else. 	1
Reaffirming that the costs of the Force are expenses of the Organization to be borne by Member States in accordance with Article 17, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations,	0
Now I don't mean to be Pollyannaish about this. 	1
1. Takes note of the status of contributions to the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force as at 15 May 1998, including the contributions outstanding in the amount of 11.3 million United States dollars, representing 9 per cent of the total assessed contributions from the inception of the Force to the period ending 30 June 1998, notes that some 20 per cent of the Member States have paid their assessed contributions in full, and urges all other Member States concerned, in particular those in arrears, to ensure the payment of their outstanding assessed contributions;	0
15. Invites voluntary contributions to the Mission in cash and in the form of services and supplies acceptable to the Secretary-General, to be administered as appropriate, in accordance with the procedure and practices established by the General Assembly;	0
We must continue to eat the best seafood possible, if at all. 	1
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL	0
The best part about restorative seafood though is that it comes on the half-shell with a bottle of Tabasco and lemon wedges. 	1
of the Philippines to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
Sylvia is campaigning to save the oceans from the way we eat. 	1
Belarus received the news of the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan with alarm and concern.	0
This has led to the participation of military personnel in joint patrols, whose real impact is difficult to assess.	0
And after five minutes, this is what you see: just a typical dead corpse, shriveled, sucked-out, dead corpse of the spider mite, and next to it, two satiated individuals of predatory mites, a mother on the left-hand side, a young nymph on the right-hand side. 	1
The crime statistics would indicate that they have not achieved the desired effect and that, moreover, in their activities they have not refrained from committing violations (see para. 40). In the past, we had reported on activities by specialized squads which the army participated in or led.	0
By the way, a meal for them for 24 hours is about five individuals of the spider mites, of the bad mites, or 15 to 20 eggs of the pest mites. 	1
17. During the period under review, 110 alleged violations of the right to life were recorded and 109 proved to be founded (28 extrajudicial executions, 42 attempted executions and 39 death threats).	0
Most of the complaints were in connection with two instances of evictions from farms, in Sayaxché, Petén, in September 1997 and in Naranjo, Petén, in November 1997.	0
And by the way, mass-production -- it is not genetic manipulation. 	1
Of the confirmed cases, 34 were arbitrary detentions, 41 were detentions in violation of legal guarantees, 2 were enforced disappearances and 1 was a kidnapping.	0
One gram's 80,000 individuals, 80,000 individuals are good enough to control one acre, 4,000 square meters, of a strawberry plot against spider mites for the whole season of almost one year. 	1
53. One example is what took place at the Nueva Florencia ranch in Colombia, Quetzaltenango, where 32 workers were fired when they formed a union.	0
And this virtual object takes 200 real people about 56 days of real time to build, plus countless thousands of hours of effort before that. 	1
These rules and instructions have not been issued, however, on the grounds that they would impinge on the autonomy of municipalities.	0
Now if we look at what's going on in someone's head when they are being engaged, two quite different processes are occurring. 	1
One of the bodies was found with its hands tied behind its back and a note reading “We are sorry, but this has to be done because it is our job to cleanse communities ...”.	0
92. Other examples of this situation are the events surrounding the exhumations carried out in Panzós, Alta Verapaz.	0
And I just want to end by suggesting a few ways in which these principles could fan out into the world. 	1
102. To ensure the effectiveness of efforts to combat impunity with respect to violations and offences, the State institutions concerned must coordinate their actions not only in terms of investigating, prosecuting and punishing the culprits, but also in terms of providing minimum safety guarantees for judges, prosecutors, witnesses and other participants in such trials.	0
You see, even if the idea of the election is perfect, running a countrywide election is a big project, and big projects are messy. 	1
103. To avoid excessive delays in judicial proceedings, which foster a perception of impunity on the part of the population, the Mission believes it is necessary to promote administrative and legal initiatives to avoid lengthy appeals processes which are without merit, as in the case of applications for amparo with respect to judicial decisions, and to provide for appropriate sanctions against those who file appeals in a manner which distorts their purpose.	0
So for example, you come to the polling station, and a poll station worker asks for your ID before giving you a ballot form and asking you to go into a voting booth to fill out your vote. 	1
of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
In the west we have the Gilbert Islands. 	1
We have also indicated to India our readiness to arrive at mutually agreed measures for the avoidance of conflict, nuclear and conventional restraint and stabilization.	0
They control 3.4 million cubic miles of ocean, and that's between one and two percent of all the ocean water on the planet. 	1
We look forward to your Personal Envoy's visit to Pakistan next week.	0
They basically are one nation that controls most of the equatorial waters of the Central Pacific Ocean. 	1
Sea levels are rising, and Kiribati, along with 42 other nations in the world, will be under water within 50 to 100 years due to climate change and the associated sea-level rise from thermal expansion and the melting of freshwater into the ocean. 	1
In a letter addressed to the Prime Minister on 10 June, the Secretary-General has offered to encourage and facilitate this process.	0
And the country never knew this. They never had any data from this area. 	1
A young girl recites that when she enters Jerusalem, she "turns into a suicide warrior in battle-dress."	0
And Conservation International had struck some of those deals. 	1
Rajoub repeated this point on 13 June 1998 to Radio Algiers:	0
So suddenly we had this area that we were protecting, but now it appeared to be dead, at least in the coral areas. 	1
Arafat called Oslo, in the same interview, an "inferior peace", and then stated that the lessons of Khudaibiya and those of Salah-a-Din must be learned today.	0
Now I remember that dinner I had with the Minister of Fisheries 10 years ago when we first brought this up and I got quite animated during the dinner and said, "Well, I think that the conservation community might embrace this idea, Minister." 	1
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda item 37.	0
So it's a very solid, very well thought-out, very well grounded system, and it was a bottom-up system, and that was very important with this work, from the bottom up to secure this. 	1
of Lebanon to the United Nations addressed to the	0
 But in contrast to my evil twin who lusts after world domination, my motives are not sinister. 	1
At 1445 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia directed several bursts of fire at the area around the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah.	0
Many neuroscientists agree with this view and think that understanding will come from more detailed observation and analysis. 	1
Take a look at what brain activity might look like. 	1
The more targeted our interventions, the better. 	1
Between 1105 and 1420 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South.	0
So around the turn of the last century, I started to think, "Wouldn't it be wonderful if one could take this logic and turn it upside down?" 	1
You don't need to know where these receivers are, and it doesn't matter if these receivers move -- just think of the stereo in your car. 	1
They had been detained in Khiyam prison, the former since 1996 and the latter since 1997.	0
In this example, each electrical impulse, each deflection on the trace, is caused by a brief pulse of light. 	1
At 2045 hours mortar shells fired by the minion Lahad's militia fell in Wadi Bisri.	0
Between 1200 and 1700 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired artillery and mortar shells at areas along the Zahrani River and the vicinity of Sujud hill from their positions at Suwayd hill, Sujud hill and Ksarat al-Urush.	0
It has to decide whether to turn around and stay in the same odor, or whether to cross the midline and try something new. 	1
Optically activating these hundred or so cells into two strains of flies has dramatically different consequences. 	1
At 1525 hours two mortar shells fired from the occupied strip fell in the area around Sujud hill.	0
We know from our formal model at the receiving end of the Critic's commentary is the Actor. 	1
At 2040 hours Israeli forces and the minion Lahad's militia fired illumination flares over Kafr Tibnit and the Qasr Ghandur vicinity from their positions at Suwayda and Dabshah.	0
In the experiments I told you about, we have lifted the identity of the Critic, but we still have no idea how the Critic does its job. 	1
There seems to be a rule in nature that if you get too close to where you came from, it gets ugly. 	1
At 2155 hours the minion Lahad's militia fired illumination flares over Sfariyah from its position at Rum hill.	0
 ♫ Go ahead and congratulate yourself ♫ ♫ Give yourself a hand, the hand is your hand ♫ ♫ And the eye that eyes itself is your eye ♫ ♫ And the ear that hears itself is near ♫ ♫ 'Cause it's your ear, oh oh ♫ ♫ You've done the impossible now ♫ ♫ Took yourself apart ♫ ♫ You made yourself invulnerable ♫ ♫ No one can break your heart ♫ 	1
At 0735 hours occupation forces fired at Jabal Bi'r al-Dahr from Abu Qamhah.	0
You can throw out crazy theories and not have to back it up with data or graphs or research. 	1
At 2100 the Lahad militia strafed the area around Anan hill and Dahr al-Mashnaqah.	0
There are more buildings that are empty or in disrepair than occupied and in use. 	1
7. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
Ultimately, design itself is a process for the people that we work with and for and for us as designers. 	1
8. Stresses the importance of the provisions governing the status and the basic rights and duties of staff members, requests the Secretary-General to issue to every staff member in separate form the text of Articles 97, 98, 100, 101 and 105 of the Charter of the United Nations and relevant extracts from the Convention on the Privileges and Immunities of the United Nations, adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 22 (I) of 13 February 1946, as well as the text of new article I of the Staff Regulations and chapter I of the 100 series of the Staff Rules, together with the explanatory commentary, the text of the present resolution and the 1954 report of the International Civil Service Advisory Board entitled Standards of Conduct in the International Civil Service;	0
Since the high in the early 1990s, with about 50 such civil wars ongoing, we now have 30 percent fewer such conflicts today. 	1
We believe that the Security Council, as the body responsible for the maintenance of international peace and security, is under obligation to take specific concrete measures to prevent the above-mentioned programme and any other Israeli violations of international law and the Council's own resolutions.	0
The comprehensive peace agreement for Sudan signed in 2005 turned out to be less comprehensive than envisaged, and its provisions may yet bear the seeds of a full-scale return to war between north and south. Changes and shortcomings in leadership, more off than on international diplomacy and institutional failures account for this in almost equal measure. 	1
I would be grateful if you would arrange to have the text of the present letter distributed as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, under agenda items 36, 37 and 87, and of the Security Council.	0
Unresolved boundary issues, squabbles over oil revenues, the ongoing conflict in Darfur, escalating tribal violence in the south and generally weak state capacity across all of Sudan complete a very depressing picture of the state of affairs in Africa's largest country. 	1
(e) Negotiations in respect of the above will take place in Cyprus in the presence of the Secretary-General's Deputy Special Representative.	0
(g) To negotiate in a spirit of good will for an urgent solution of the Cyprus problem based on the principles of the Charter of the United Nations, the United Nations resolutions and decisions on Cyprus and the high-level agreements of 1977 and 1979, as well as respect for democratic principles and the fundamental human rights.	0
Therefore, the Paphos military airbase brought into service for use by the Greek military aircraft cannot be said to have a defensive purpose.	0
We promise that the Powder River country will henceforth be closed to all whites. 	1
1877 is also the year we found a way to get around the Fort Laramie Treaties. 	1
Turkey is always ready to threaten to take military measures against Cyprus.	0
1890, a date I believe to be the most important in this slide show. 	1
India has been a member of the ASEAN Regional Forum since 1996, participates actively in its work, and believes that it plays a useful role in discussing issues of security in the Asia-Pacific region in a non-contentious and constructive manner.	0
I have the honour to transmit to you a letter dated 23 June 1998 from Mr. Fares Bouez, Minister for Foreign Affairs of Lebanon, on the subject of Lebanese detainees held in Israeli detention camps.	0
The situation of these detainees is a matter of concern to the Government and people of Lebanon.	0
This violates article 37 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child as adopted by the United Nations General Assembly on 20 November 1989.	0
The United States continues on a daily basis to violate the terms of the 1851 and 1868 Fort Laramie Treaties with the Lakota. 	1
And all of those products probably end their lives in a dump like this one in Manila. 	1
Some of them are not states anymore at all. 	1
You've seen the documentaries of sweatshops making garments all over the world, even in developed countries. 	1
Given the clear international consensus that the Israeli plan should be condemned and rejected, the Council expresses its appreciation of the positions adopted by the international community and regional groups, and requests their support for the Arab right to counter unjust Israeli provocations.	0
So a couple of years ago, we had a scandal which killed about 80 people around the world, because of contaminants that crept into the heparin supply chain. 	1
It further requests him to contact the Secretary-General of the United Nations, the Secretary-General of the Organization of the Islamic Conference, the Chairman of the Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Committee, the Secretary-General of the Organization of African Unity, the Vatican and the members of the Security Council, particularly the permanent members, and to endeavour to ensure that the Arab States appropriately convey to international organizations and the members of the international community the dimensions of this serious Israeli decision and the intense anger which it has caused, the aim being to place pressure on Israel immediately to revoke the policy of the Judaicization of Jerusalem.	0
This substitute cost nine dollars a pound, whereas real heparin, the real ingredient, cost 900 dollars a pound. 	1
Most of these instruments prohibit the collective expulsion of aliens.	0
A few are single parents who have been forced to leave behind babies and other minors without making any arrangements for their care.	0
Multinationals are protecting human rights. 	1
None of these people could, by any stretch of the imagination, be considered a threat to the security of the Ethiopian State.	0
I hate the idea that governments have dropped this ball and I can't get used to the idea that somehow we can't get them to do their jobs. 	1
- Arrange for the early reunion of divided Eritrean families and to evacuate them by the safest means of transport possible, including airlifts;	0
I know as well that this often seems like an overwhelming level of responsibility for people to assume. 	1
Letter dated 8 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Egypt to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
I was sitting in a slum outside Gurgaon just next to Delhi, one of the flashiest, brightest new cities popping up in India right now, and I was talking to workers who worked in garment sweatshops down the road, and I asked them what message they would like me to take to the brands. 	1
For example, you could plot the flow of carbon through corporate supply chains in a corporate ecosystem, or the interconnections of habitat patches for endangered species in Yosemite National Park. 	1
These acts are in complete disregard of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and the relevant decisions of the Organization on the question of Cyprus.	0
to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
And so now we can look one degrees, two degrees, three degrees away from that node and eliminate three-quarters of the diagram outside that sphere of influence. 	1
Mr. Stephanopoulos made no secret of the fact that an important aspect of his visit to the island was "to examine the possibility of qualitative improvements" in the "joint military doctrine" being implemented between the Greek Cypriot administration and Greece (Greek Cypriot daily, Cyprus Mail, of 26 June 1998).	0
Those trying to employ them think they don't know enough. 	1
The Parties intend to assist, together with the entire international community, efforts to eliminate mistrust and halt the nuclear arms race in southern Asia and also promote compliance with the international nuclear non-proliferation regime.	0
And after a second or two, carefully reflecting, she said, "No paper?" 	1
I should be grateful if you could kindly circulate the present letter and its annex as an official document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda items 20, 107 and 112.	0
Since the statement by the High Commissioner is based on so much erroneous information, it cannot be of surprise that the whole question of the Eritrean aggression against Ethiopia and the displacement of hundreds of thousands of people and the resulting suffering has been beyond the grasp and understanding of the High Commissioner.	0
So the problem we've really got in math education is not that computers might dumb it down, but that we have dumbed-down problems right now. 	1
It will be recalled on 16 June 1998 the Greek Cypriot administration brought the already tense situation on the island to the point of a crisis by allowing the landing of Greek military aircraft at the Paphos military airbase in south Cyprus.	0
So I believe [there is] critical reform we have to do in computer-based math. 	1
I try to figure out intellectually, philosophically, psychologically, what the experience of beauty is, what sensibly can be said about it and how people go off the rails in trying to understand it. 	1
Now this is an extremely complicated subject, in part because the things that we call beautiful are so different. 	1
I mean just think of the sheer variety -- a baby's face, Berlioz's "Harold in Italy," movies like "The Wizard of Oz" or the plays of Chekhov, a central California landscape, a Hokusai view of Mt. Fuji, "Der Rosenkavalier," a stunning match-winning goal in a World Cup soccer match, Van Gogh's "Starry Night," a Jane Austen novel, Fred Astaire dancing across the screen. 	1
Russia and Kazakhstan will actively cooperate in ensuring reliable joint defence within the framework of the common military and strategic space based on the 1992 Treaty on Collective Security, the agreed provisions of their military doctrines and the principle of sufficiency in defence.	0
It's women who actually push history forward. 	1
President B. N. Yeltsin of the Russian Federation will make a state visit to the Republic of Kazakhstan in September 1998.	0
I have in mind the so-called Acheulian hand axes. 	1
The Parties shall endeavour to ensure that all the Caspian States sign the Agreement on the Conservation, Renewal and Rational Utilization of the Biological Resources of the Caspian as soon as possible.	0
So I would say, "Alex, I know that it's terribly difficult. 	1
The progress made in developing a judicial reform and increasing the efficiency of the current system has fallen short of expectations.	0
We explore ruins of Palestinian villages, and we discuss how they became ruins. 	1
III. Institution-building and human rights monitoring	0
I ride with these kids once a week, every Tuesday. 	1
The drop was particularly noticeable in Port-au-Prince, where only two killings have been reported since the end of March.	0
The Mission is developing a six-part pilot course in community policing with the Police Academy, which will include an introduction to conflict resolution techniques.	0
These are compost toilets, and nobody at the school wanted to know about them, especially the principal. 	1
They also worked closely with prison record clerks to improve the maintenance of prison records as poor record-keeping contributes to irregularities, including the detention of individuals beyond the expiry of their sentence.	0
24. Despite difficulties of all types, the Haitian Government’s efforts to reform the judicial system are slowly proceeding.	0
25. A series of administrative measures taken over the last six months should allow State prosecutors and judges to better carry out their tasks.	0
And it's a kind of microcosm of the globalized world. 	1
Work with peasant groups in the Artibonite was being wound down and a report prepared.	0
So here is a picture of the high seas as seen from above -- that area in the darker blue. 	1
Most major Haitian human rights groups are part of the network, which is interested in rehabilitation and alternatives to detention as well as verification. Productive dialogue has been established between these committees and local and national prison officials.	0
For example, garbage discharge, something you would think just simply goes away, but the laws regulating ship discharge of garbage actually get weaker the further you are from shore. 	1
Letter dated 20 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
It also provides a special habitat for these flying fish to lay their eggs. 	1
At 0830 hours elements belonging to the client militia at the Hamra-Mansuri crossing fired several rounds of light-weapons fire into the air while the French delegation to the Monitoring Group established by the ceasefire understanding of 26 April 1996 was crossing to Naqurah.	0
So what we need to do is to stand up boldly, singly and together, to push governments, to push regional fisheries management organizations, to declare our right to declare certain areas off-limits to high seas fishing, so that the freedom to fish no longer means the freedom to fish anywhere and anytime. 	1
Between 0410 and 0435 hours Israeli forces fired 81-mm mortar shells at areas around the abandoned Army barracks in Nabatiyah from their position at Dabshah hill.	0
It's an oceanographic phenomenon that shifts in time and space on a seasonal basis. 	1
Between 0015 and 0630 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew Nabatiyah, Iqlim al-Tuffah, Sidon and the coastal Shuf area at high altitude.	0
What I find so exciting is that the Census of Marine Life has looked at more than the tagging of pacific predators; it's also looked in the really unexplored mid-water column, where creatures like this flying sea cucumber have been found. 	1
At 2355 hours an Israeli gunboat at sea off the coast between Rashidiyah camp and Mansuri fired bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.	0
I wanted to be an astronaut, so I've constantly followed what are the tools available to monitor Earth from outer space -- and that we have incredible tools like we've been learning about, in terms of being able to follow tagged species throughout their life-cycles in the open ocean. 	1
Between 1445 and 1735 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 81-mm mortar shells at Wadi Bisri and areas around Dabshah hill and Rum hill from their positions on Dabshah, Rum and Anan hills.	0
Between 0035 and 0445 hours the client militia fired several illumination flares over Kafr Tibnit and areas along the Zahrani River from its position on Ali al-Tahir hill.	0
We need to get the new paradigm of precaution and respect. 	1
Between 1215 and 1225 hours Israeli forces fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Haddatha from their position at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal.	0
All right. "Starsky and Hutch," arguably, yes. 	1
A heavy weight boxer punches you straight in the face -- 58 Gs. 	1
At 1750 hours the client militia fired seven 81-mm shells towards the south-eastern part of the Kafr Falus area.	0
The definition of concussion doesn't actually require a loss of consciousness. 	1
Between 1735 and 2350 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several shells directly at outlying areas of Yatar and the Mu`aytah woodland from their positions at Jabal Balat and on Tahrah and Rum hills.	0
How can we 100 percent guarantee the safety of our kids? 	1
Between 0445 and 0515 hours an Israeli gunboat at sea off Mansuri fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.	0
My little boy's right there, and he's like, "She's not kidding. 	1
Between 0105 and 0735 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 120-mm and 81-mm mortar shells at Mlikh, areas along the Tasah Spring, Mazra`at Umqata and Wadi Bisri from their positions at Ksarat al-Urush and on Rum and Razlan hills.	0
It died in large part because it lacked constituent buy-in; it lacked stakeholder traction. 	1
Between 2035 and 2220 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm and 120-mm artillery shells at parts of Jabal Sujud, areas along the Zahrani River and outlying areas of Jba` and Mazra`at al-Hamra from their positions in Ksarat al-Urush and Zafatah.	0
The only way to prevent a bad outcome is to prevent that first injury from happening. 	1
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 37, and of the Security Council.	0
As it turns out, it occurred to Tom that a $20 helmet is a good way to protect a $100,000 graduate education. 	1
She said, "But it's not fair, because there is only one life, and there should only be one death." 	1
1. The Heads of State expressed satisfaction with the development of equal and mutually beneficial cooperation among their countries in various fields and noted the need for the further expansion and intensification of such cooperation on the basis of the development and implementation of specific projects for the well-being and prosperity of their peoples.	0
We need to understand that we cannot actually have negotiations of ending of wars or peace without fully including women at the negotiating table. 	1
These acts are in complete disregard of international law, the Charter of the United Nations and the relevant decisions of the Organization on the question of Cyprus.	0
Then you've got 15 minutes, and someone pulls you aside and asks you a question, and before you know it, it's 5 p.m., and you look back on the day, and you realize that you didn't get anything done. 	1
I should be grateful if you would kindly circulate the present letter and its annex as a document of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly under agenda items 20, 107 and 112.	0
I used the software they told me to use. 	1
of the Permanent Mission of Cyprus to the United Nations	0
So does anyone here expect someone to sleep well if they're interrupted all night? 	1
I don't think anyone would say yes. Why do we expect people to work well if they're being interrupted all day at the office? 	1
Upon instructions from my Government and further to my letter dated 24 July 1998 (A/52/993-S/1998/693), I have the honour to draw your attention to new violations of the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus and of the flight information region of Nicosia by military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force, recorded on 25 July 1998.	0
How can we possibly expect people to do their job if they go to the office and are interrupted? 	1
The European Union earnestly desires to continue helping the Afghan people, who have already suffered so much from years of conflict.	0
So they go into a meeting room, they get together, and they talk about stuff that doesn't really matter, usually. 	1
You can go 15 minutes or 30 minutes or 45 minutes or an hour. 	1
What can managers do -- enlightened managers, hopefully -- what can they do to make the office a better place for people to work, so it's not the last resort, but it's the first resort, so that people start to say, "When I really want to get stuff done, I go to the office." 	1
UNITED NATIONS REFORM: MEASURES AND PROPOSALS	0
There are very, very few things that are that urgent, that need to happen, that need to be answered right this second. 	1
19. Requests the Secretary-General to make available the necessary resources for the participation of the least developed countries at the special session in accordance with past practice.	0
So we changed that and put, "This is the famous Budweiser house. 	1
2. Since the issue of the annotated preliminary list on 15 June 1998, the following documents relating to the agenda have been circulated:	0
Third Committee: H.E. Mr. Ali Hachani (Tunisia)	0
But the first cause of waste is probably even buried in our DNA. 	1
The memorandum by the Secretary-General concerning the organization of the session, the adoption of the agenda and the allocation of items was issued as document A/BUR/53/1 and Add.1.	0
Because that's what you do with a cracked pane. 	1
The General Assembly, having considered the first report of the General Committee (A/53/250), adopted a number of provisions concerning the organization of the fifty-third session and adopted the agenda of the session (A/53/251) and the allocation of agenda items (A/53/252).	0
It only rattles that expected pattern and unity of structural features. 	1
Declaring the year 2002 as the International Year of Ecotourism	0
Apollonian mindset creates mountains of waste. 	1
At its substantive session of 1998, the Economic and Social Council recommended to the General Assembly that it declare the year 2002 as the International Year of Ecotourism (Council resolution 1998/40).	0
If something isn't perfect, if it doesn't line up with that premeditated model, dumpster. 	1
Document: Note by the Secretary-General.	0
 "Good call, Tulles. From now on, you guys hit this pile first." 	1
At its fifty-third session, the General Assembly will need to fill the vacancy that will arise upon the expiry of the term of office of Mr. Sumihiro Kuyama.	0
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/169 E), A/53/377.	0
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/169 M), A/53/424.	0
We have confused Maslow's hierarchy of needs On the bottom tier we have basic needs -- shelter, clothing, food, water, mating and so forth. 	1
(d) Assistance to the Palestinian people	0
And we're taking vanity and shoving it down here. 	1
27. Cooperation between the United Nations and the League of Arab States	0
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/173).	0
Then they irradiate our food, trying to make it last longer, so it can travel thousands of miles from where it's grown to the supermarkets. 	1
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/174).	0
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the third annual report of the International Tribunal for Rwanda, A/53/429–S/1998/857.	0
Sometimes I go to Bill's farm and volunteer, so I can see up close and personal where the meat I eat comes from. 	1
(j) Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures	0
So how do they deal with their differences? 	1
Document: Report of the Conference on Disarmament (resolution 52/38 H), Supplement No. 27 (A/53/27).	0
And if tempers are still too high, then they send someone off to visit some relatives, as a cooling-off period. 	1
(l) Prohibition of the dumping of radioactive wastes	0
Well, that system is, I think, probably the system that kept us alive to this point, given our human tendencies. 	1
And as the saying goes, when angry, you will make the best speech you will ever regret. 	1
(b) United Nations disarmament fellowship training and advisory services	0
And then he turned to me and said, "You're an American. 	1
(d) Regional confidence-building measures: activities of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa	0
But then, I tried to remember to go to the balcony. 	1
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/39 B), A/53/369.	0
And then when he paused and everyone looked at me for a response, from a balcony perspective, I was able to thank him for his remarks and say, "I appreciate your criticism of my country and I take it as a sign that we're among friends and can speak candidly to one another." 	1
83. United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East	0
Let's try to get at the root of what it's all about. 	1
They need to be able to live the story. How would you do that? 	1
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Secretary-General of UNCTAD (resolution 51/168), A/53/331.	0
You go for a walk in the footsteps of Abraham. 	1
Global partnership for development: high-level international intergovernmental consideration on financing for development	0
It's funny -- when you walk, you walk side-by-side, in the same common direction. 	1
97. Permanent sovereignty of the Palestinian people in the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan over their natural resources	0
But they did it, thanks to a common identity, Europe, and a common economy. 	1
We're about to take a break in a moment. 	1
Traditional or customary practices affecting the health of women and girls	0
Well we know that that was not a cheap war. 	1
At its substantive session of 1998, the Economic and Social Council took note of the request regarding the enlargement of the Executive Committee of the programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees contained in the annex to the note verbale dated 14 October 1997 from the Permanent Mission of Mozambique to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (E/1998/3) and recommended that the Assembly take a decision at its fifty-third session on the question of increasing the membership of the Executive Committee from fifty-three to fifty-four States (Council decision 1998/211).	0
And here you see me enjoying a meal with caterpillars, locusts, bee pupae -- delicacies. 	1
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on measures to combat contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance (resolution 52/109), A/53/269.	0
The surimi sticks [of] crabmeat, or is being sold as crab meat, is white fish that's being dyed with cochineal. 	1
The Council also endorsed the Commission’s recommendations to the General Assembly to request the Secretary-General to designate as Secretary-General of the World Conference the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights and to declare 2001 a year of mobilization against racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance (Council decision 1998/251).	0
And that's especially because this world population is increasing, and it's increasing, not only in numbers, but we're also getting wealthier, and anyone that gets wealthier starts to eat more and also starts to eat more meat. 	1
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (decision 52/428).	0
Status of the International Convention on the Protection of the Rights of All Migrant Workers and Members of Their Families	0
In China in the last 20 years, it increased from 20 to 50, and it's still increasing. 	1
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/120), A/53/293 and Add.1.	0
So if you would be an entrepreneur, what would you do? 	1
Respect for the right to universal freedom of travel and the vital importance of family reunification	0
With 10 kilograms of input, you can get either one or nine kg. of output. 	1
Document: Report of the Secretary-General (resolution 52/125), A/53/309.	0
United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education and public information activities in the field of human rights	0
If you produce insects, you have less manure per kilogram of meat that you produce. 	1
In fact, a locust is a "shrimp" of the land, and it would make very good into our diet. 	1
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur (Council decision 1998/263), A/53/433.	0
If we die out, the insects will continue very happily. 	1
 Well in the Netherlands, we have an innovative Minister of Agriculture, and she puts the insects on the menu in her restaurant in her ministry. 	1
Document: Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Supplement No. 36 (A/53/36).	0
So you can try it yourself today, and I would say, enjoy. 	1
(i) United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation	0
You name it, I bred it, and I sold them to pet shops. 	1
(xiii) Fund of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme: Supplement No. 5I (A/53/5/Add.9);	0
And actually, our product -- what you see here. 	1
(vii) Unforeseen and extraordinary expenses for the biennium 1998–1999 (resolution 52/223);	0
(a) United Nations Iraq-Kuwait Observation Mission	0
I want to take something rather humble to discuss. 	1
At its resumed fifty-second session, References for the fifty-second session (agenda item 124): (a) Reports of the Secretary-General: A/52/790 and Corr.1 and Add.1 and Add.1/Corr.1 and A/52/824; (b) Report of the Advisory Committee: A/52/860/Add.7 and Corr.1 (ACER); (c) Report of the Fifth Committee: A/52/933;	0
First of all, it's planted, and that takes energy. 	1
By its resolution 687 (1991) of 3 April 1991, the Security Council affirmed all 13 preceding resolutions regarding the situation between Iraq and Kuwait, except as expressly changed under sections A through I to achieve the goals of resolution 687 (1991), including a formal ceasefire.	0
128. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Somalia II	0
Paint is all low-volume chemical, which is very important when you're working in the room all the time. 	1
The mandate and strength of UNOSOM were subsequently increased by the Council in resolution 767 (1992) and 775 (1992).	0
the General Assembly decided that the Fifth Committee should continue its consideration of the item at its resumed fifty-second session (decision 52/456). 129. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Mozambique	0
It's got my compost in it, which is growing an orange tree, which is great. 	1
This item was included in the agenda of the forty-seventh session of the General Assembly, in 1993, on the proposal of the Secretary-General (A/47/955).	0
I've got water and wood. I'm just about to do fire. 	1
138. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina	0
At its resumed fifty-second session,20 the General Assembly decided to continue to use the Special Account established for UNSMIH, for UNTMIH beginning on 1 August 1997 and for MIPONUH beginning on 1 December 1997; decided to appropriate the amount of $13,227,900 gross ($12,602,500 net) for the maintenance of UNSMIH, UNTMIH and MIPONUH for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, in addition to the amount of $15,091,000 gross ($14,478,400 net) already appropriated under the terms of General Assembly resolution 51/15 B and inclusive of the amount of $9,237,300 gross ($8,805,800 net) authorized by the Advisory Committee under the terms of section IV of Assembly resolution 49/233 A; decided further, as an ad hoc arrangement, and taking into account the amount of $15,091,000 gross ($14,478,400 net) already apportioned in accordance with Assembly resolution 51/15 B, to apportion the additional amount of $13,227,900 gross ($12,602,500 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 among Member States, taking into account the scale of assessments for the years 1997 and 1998; decided to set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 11 of the resolution, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated additional staff assessment income of $625,400 approved for the Missions for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998; decided that, for Member States that had fulfilled their financial obligations to UNSMIH, there should be set off against the apportionment, as provided for in paragraph 13 of the resolution, their respective share of the unencumbered balance of $9,117,000 gross ($8,279,700 net) in respect of the period ending 30 June 1997; decided that, for Member States that had not fulfilled their financial obligations to UNSMIH, their share of the unencumbered balance of $9,117,000 gross ($8,279,700 net) for the period ending 30 June 1997 should be set off against outstanding obligations.	0
But I can surely tell you that in my country, much like on Wall Street and the city of London and elsewhere, men were at the helm of the game of the financial sector, and that kind of lack of diversity and sameness leads to disastrous problems. 	1
At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the Assembly decided to include the item in the agenda of its fifty-third session.	0
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the financing of the Military Observer Group of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala (resolution 51/228);	0
It became operational on 1 May 1990 by the incorporation of resources relating to the overload posts that were funded from the separate budgets of the then existing five peacekeeping operations financed at the time outside the scope of the regular budget.	0
We also believe in straight-talking, telling it as it is, using simple language that people understand, telling people about the downsides as well as the potential upsides, and even telling the bad news that no one wants to utter, like our lack of belief in the sustainability of the Icelandic financial sector that already we had months before the collapse hit us. 	1
146. Status of the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and relating to the protection of victims of armed conflicts	0
Mr. C. S. M. Mselle (United Republic of Tanzania)***	0
His mother had died from a heroin overdose. 	1
6. To enable the Board to carry out its mandate through the integration of audit planning, execution and reporting and to enhance the development of common audit standards and professional practices, an Audit Operations Committee was established comprising three full-time Directors of External Audit, located at Headquarters, representing each member of the Board.	0
I'm a product of this visionary mother and father. 	1
1. Article 3, paragraphs 1 and 2, of the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal (General Assembly resolution 351 A (IV) of 24 November 1949) provides as follows:	0
4. Following the consultations described in article 3, paragraph 1, of the statute, the President of the General Assembly will determine a country that will be requested to propose candidates who meet the qualifications mentioned in article 2, paragraph 1.	0
This was a meditation program inside the prison of over 1,000 prisoners. 	1
I'm currently into movements, movements of education of the under-served children, which is thousands -- India is all about thousands. 	1
48. In that connection, the Committee recalled the reservations of members about the use of purchasing power parity conversion rates for the purposes of the scale, on both conceptual and practical grounds, and noted continuing problems with the availability and comparability of purchasing power parity rates.	0
Another suggestion considered was that the adjustment should be available only to Member States falling below the threshold for the low per capita income adjustment.	0
In this connection, the possible introduction of the concept of a sliding gradient was suggested.	0
And this was very disheartening for them. 	1
They stressed that the parameters of the current formula met the needs of all countries with low per capita income and best reflected the capacity to pay of Member States. They therefore totally objected to the proposed discrimination against countries with large populations.	0
The Committee noted that, because of the distribution of incomes and per capita incomes among Member States, the proposal would involve shifting additional points to a very small number of Member States, with one Member State absorbing about 90 per cent of the total.	0
And sometimes family would pray to the spirits to kill off a girl child so they could have a male child. 	1
70. The Committee also noted that, in approving the current scale, the General Assembly had, as recommended by the Committee, decided on individual rates of assessment for the least developed countries not to exceed the current level of 0.01 per cent.	0
And so we have on the male side what one of my colleagues likes to call the "omega males" popping up, who are the males who are romantically challenged losers who can't find a job. 	1
Relevant national data available for the next year would replace the data for the first year of the base period; for example, if annual recalculation had been in effect in 1998–2000, the recalculated scale for 1999 would have included data for 1996 and dropped data for 1990.	0
And it's not just for the young, right? 	1
If, on the other hand, the Assembly made the final decision, they would probably not be known until nearly the end of the previous year.	0
So what do you do when the information is all around you? 	1
I would always be perfectly coiffed and well rested, and in fact, it was not like that at all. 	1
In that respect, the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia reaffirmed its full support for the initiatives and platform of the Government of the Republic of Serbia, which contains all the elements for a meaningful political dialogue.	0
Alisa was very generously in the process of giving birth to our first child --  -- and I was there with a catcher's mitt. 	1
The Republic's population has suffered greatly as a result of the natural disasters; more than 1,500 persons are homeless, 47 were killed and 37 hospitalized.	0
On the night of 26 to 27 April 1998, 22 civilians, including 7 men, 7 women and 8 children (ages 3-10) belonging to two Kashmiri families, were massacred in cold blood at Seri, Village Bandala (District Bhimber) in Azad Kashmir.	0
This blatant incursion across the line of control by Indian military personnel has raised tension to an even higher level, increasing further the threat to peace and security in the region.	0
I felt like I was a vessel of the future of humanity. 	1
Details of the massacre of 22 persons in Jammu and Kashmir	0
And she said -- I'll never forget -- "It's just not something you want to say to a mother that's having a baby for the first time." 	1
RG: And of course, we think it's precisely what you really should be saying to mothers who have kids for the first time. 	1
Location Seri, Village Bandala (District Bhimber), Azad Jammu and Kashmir (600 metres from the line of control inside Azad Jammu and Kashmir.	0
And that this, of course, one of the themes for us is that we think that candor and brutal honesty is critical to us collectively being great parents. 	1
Items 46 and 113 (a) of the preliminary list*	0
And it was obviously a very difficult time -- really painful. 	1
We raised the money, and we're thrilled that we did, because in this phase of one's life, the incredibly scarce resource is time. 	1
5. The spirit of consensus which had characterized Executive Committee and Standing Committee discussions and informal consultations during the year was underlined and commended by the Ambassador.	0
AV: And we kind of feel that the happiness gap, which we talked about, is really the result of walking into parenting -- and really any long-term partnership for that matter -- with the wrong expectations. 	1
He also expressed satisfaction with the enhanced participation of non-governmental organizations as observers in meetings of the Standing Committee over the past year.	0
RG: And so this is what -- And we think that a lot of parents, when you get in there -- in our case anyway -- you pack your bags for a trip to Europe, and you're really excited to go. 	1
3. Adoption of the agenda and other organizational matters.	0
So in other words, what's happening here is that Swaptree solves my carrying company's sugar rush problem, a problem the economists call "the coincidence of wants," in approximately 60 seconds. 	1
11. Adoption of the report of the Executive Committee on its forty-ninth session.	0
So what's actually happening is that social networks and real-time technologies are taking us back. 	1
(p) Recognizes that international solidarity and burden-sharing are of direct importance to the satisfactory implementation of refugee protection principles; stresses, however, in this regard, that access to asylum and the meeting by States of their protection obligations should not be dependent on burden-sharing arrangements first being in place, particularly since respect for fundamental human rights and humanitarian principles is an obligation of all members of the international community;	0
These four drivers are fusing together and creating the big shift -- away from the 20th century, defined by hyper-consumption, towards the 21st century, defined by collaborative consumption. 	1
One of my favorite examples of collaborative lifestyles is called Landshare. 	1
(ff) Urges States, particularly countries of origin of refugees, resolutely to cooperate at the bilateral, regional and universal levels to address the underlying causes of refugee flows, both in a preventive and curative manner, and to facilitate just and lasting solutions;	0
That power drill will be used around 12 to 13 minutes in its entire lifetime. 	1
(c) Decides to convene three meetings of the Standing Committee in 1999, to be held in February, June and prior to the fiftieth plenary session of the Executive Committee;	0
BJ: Well we certainly did spend a lot of time with her -- in fact, more time than even her mother did. 	1
(a) Approves applications by the following Government observer delegations for participation in meetings of the Standing Committee from October 1998 to October 1999:	0
She's probably going to forever associate that deafening crash with us." 	1
Decision on programme and funding projections.	0
But, for 10 years, we tried to capture lions and elephants together -- and never ever managed until this particular night. 	1
A/AC.96/905 Report of the Twelfth Meeting of the Standing Committee (23-25 June 1998)	0
I was shaking with anxiety, but I knew that [I had] to capture something that had never been seen before, had never been documented. 	1
Welcome to the forty-ninth session of the Executive Committee.	0
But by the same token, you can get your hope back again. 	1
His exemplary contribution to the cause of refugees will not be forgotten.	0
We were spending so much time with this leopard and getting to understand her individualism, her personal character, that maybe we were taking it a little bit far. 	1
Given the complex, interrelated nature of these problems, the search for solutions must have a strong regional foundation, with more decisive international support.	0
The increase in the number of conflicts means that maintaining global peace is becoming more complicated.	0
Well we can report, in fact, that we're grandparents. 	1
Yet, in many situations, humanitarian workers are still alone on the ground.	0
We don't live in the world our mothers lived in, our grandmothers lived in, where career choices for women were so limited. 	1
Migrants seeking work should not present themselves as asylum seekers.	0
How do we change these numbers at the top? 	1
In the former, they continue to be lower than expected, even if we now estimate that approximately 20,000 minority returns have occurred since January.	0
When I was in college, my senior year, I took a course called European Intellectual History. 	1
According to our projections, funds carried over into next year will be minimal.	0
This year, in some instances, funds were contributed so late that many activities had to be cut or suspended.	0
And she said, "I learned something today. 	1
Concerning the status of the change management process, UNHCR presented the Standing Committee in February with a report on the implementation of Project Delphi, showing that more than half of the activities had already been implemented and that many others had achieved substantial progress.	0
I spoke briefly about our efforts to improve good management.	0
Keep your foot on the gas pedal, until the very day you need to leave to take a break for a child -- and then make your decisions. 	1
I can assure you that my colleagues and myself are well aware, constantly, of this responsibility.	0
My generation really, sadly, is not going to change the numbers at the top. 	1
Many delegations noted that developing countries bear a disproportionate share of the burden of hosting refugees or reintegrating returnees and can only provide these services through support engendered in a spirit of international solidarity.	0
But the way coal is mined right now is different from the deep mines that her father and her father's father would go down into and that employed essentially thousands and thousands of people. 	1
I should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex distributed as a document of the General Assembly.	0
It is an essential pillar to this country's recovery. 	1
And I want to separate courage and bravery for you for a minute. 	1
28. The proportion of the resources committed to activities that do not generate “final outputs” in the fields of International cooperation and Coordination, harmonization and liaison was 14 per cent (the same percentage as in 1994-1995), that is 6,734 work-months.	0
Courage, the original definition of courage, when it first came into the English language -- it's from the Latin word "cor," meaning "heart" -- and the original definition was to tell the story of who you are with your whole heart. 	1
IV. International economic cooperation for development	0
And they're like, "I'm just saying, you know. 	1
Implementation of programmed outputs by percentage	0
38. A better indicator of programme performance is total implementation in relation to programmed outputs.	0
And I said, "Oh my God, this is going to suck." 	1
And one of the ways we deal with it is we numb vulnerability. 	1
47. A certain proportion of resources are devoted to providing various types of operational assistance, usually in the form of advisory missions or training seminars.	0
A way to discharge pain and discomfort. 	1
There has been some change in this over the plan period, as can be seen from tables 11 and 12, showing, respectively, the numbers of advisory missions undertaken and the number of training seminars organized within each major programme.	0
Most functional and regional intergovernmental bodies now draw heavily on the results of these seminars and training courses.	0
They're hardwired for struggle when they get here. 	1
And when you hold those perfect little babies in your hand, our job is not to say, "Look at her, she's perfect. 	1
International Conference on Population and Development/Population	0
Because when we work from a place, I believe, that says, "I'm enough" ... 	1
A review of selected outputs produced during the bienniums 1994-1995 and 1996-1997 suggest that there were instances in which the resources utilized were disproportionately high in comparison to the final product.	0
If you were to reward doctors for doing more procedures -- which is the current system -- they would do more. 	1
More hopeful are people we call system-changers. 	1
14. International Drug Control Annex VII	0
And that's because he was in a special court. 	1
Programme performance of the United Nations for the biennium 1996-1997	0
I was recently having dinner with a guy who bragged that he had only gotten four hours sleep the night before. 	1
9. Department for Development Support and Management Services	0
So as we are facing all the multiple crises in our world at the moment, what is good for us on a personal level, what's going to bring more joy, gratitude, effectiveness in our lives and be the best for our own careers is also what is best for the world. 	1
But every time I thought I was beginning to get a handle on the Koran -- that feeling of "I get it now" -- it would slip away overnight, and I'd come back in the morning wondering if I wasn't lost in a strange land, and yet the terrain was very familiar. 	1
Yes, it does say that, but in a very specific context: the anticipated conquest of the sanctuary city of Mecca where fighting was usually forbidden, and the permission comes hedged about with qualifiers. 	1
2.2 In spite of these problems, and an average vacancy rate in Professional posts of 10 per cent, the Department registered an implementation rate of 80 per cent.	0
Old-fashioned Orientalism comes into play here. 	1
With regard to Guatemala, the Division experienced an increase in the number of activities resulting from the expansion of the mandate of the United Nations Verification Mission in Guatemala (MINUGUA) to cover the verification of all peace accords.	0
Is it truly possible to study creativity scientifically? 	1
Maybe we're not the right people to do it. 	1
Now when you're in an fMRI scanner, you're in a big magnet that's aligning your molecules in certain areas. 	1
The number of volumes of the United Nations Treaty Series printed during the same period far exceeded what had been projected, thus contributing to the reduction of the backlog.	0
So what do you do now that you have this cool piano keyboard? 	1
The membership was extended from 27 to 47, annual sessions replaced biennial sessions and a thematic approach was adopted, greatly increasing the workload of the Division.	0
And so now we're playing back and forth. 	1
10A.3 The Trade and Development Report, the World Investment Report and The Least Developed Countries Report (annual) were major contributions to the intergovernmental and public debate on development policies, investment and specific problems facing the least developed countries.	0
This was later followed by efforts to define the future orientation of the Organization; the formulation of a plan of action; the setting of priorities within ITC’s main areas of specialization, defined as “core services”; and efforts in defining ITC’s mission statement and the restructuring of the Organization.	0
I will do my best this morning to tell you what I think is the truth. 	1
11.12 Together with the World Health Organization (WHO) and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO), UNEP undertook a study on climate change and human health, which was presented to the second Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change in July 1996.	0
12.4 The overall implementation of programmed activities during the biennium averaged 70 per cent.	0
But this technology could not find tumors when they're small, and finding a small tumor is critical for survival. 	1
14.8 While overall objectives for technical cooperation were achieved, UNDCP suffered from lower expenditure for operational projects, mainly attributable to low delivery of agency and government executed projects.	0
Section 15. Economic Commission for Africa	0
16.6 Operational activities in various fields supplemented the efforts of member States to upgrade their national capabilities.	0
And then I got a phone call, and the voice at the other end of the line said, "You've just won the Best Blog In the World award." 	1
Vital assistance was provided to the Bangladesh-India-Myanmar-Sri Lanka-Thailand Economic Cooperation initiative by formulating a development programme of sectoral cooperation.	0
And I've summarized those things, for me personally, as three As. 	1
18.3 To foster cooperation among member States, the Commission promoted bilateral as well as multilateral cooperation in the areas of trade facilitation, transport, common standards, scientific research and technological development, the efficient use of energy and environmental protection.	0
I would imagine that you'd have to be pretty aware of your surroundings and appreciating the small wonders that you're starting to see in your new world. 	1
This number increased by the end of 1994 to 27.4 million.	0
Emergency response and relief, care and maintenance	0
It is using our money for all of those things. 	1
A year and a half -- she's out speaking on behalf of the other women in her country. 	1
24.2 Regarding quantifiable activities, 79 per cent of regular budget and 91 per cent of extrabudgetary work-months have been utilized in high priority subprogrammes resulting in an implementation rate of 94 per cent, significantly higher than the overall rate of 74 per cent.	0
The Lotus Notes document management system, with servers in New York and Geneva, provides instantaneous document sharing between the two offices. Maintenance of these technical systems were affected because of budgetary constraints.	0
So let's look at the concept of traditional anthropology. 	1
And then, once you do that, you can figure out how to present your second self in a legitimate way, instead of just dealing with everything as it comes in -- and oh, I have to do this, and I have to do this, and I have to do this. 	1
So that's why I study cyborg anthropology. 	1
So I thought, okay, I'll start with five. 	1
(iii) Report on the implementation of the strategy for human resources management	0
And so plastic comes from oil, so I phoned up BP and spent a good half an hour trying to convince the PR office at BP that it would be fantastic for them if they flew me to an oil rig and let me have a jug of oil. 	1
So I looked at other ways of making plastic. 	1
I poured it into the mold, which you can see there, which I've made from a tree trunk. 	1
This room may appear to be holding 600 people, but there's actually so many more, because in each one of us there is a multitude of personalities. 	1
And ever since, I've been walking the mystic path, trying to peer beyond what Albert Einstein called "the optical delusion of everyday consciousness." 	1
Now when the mystic part of me jabbers on and on like this, the warrior rolls her eyes. 	1
And it's to help all of us, myself included, to counteract the tendency to "otherize." 	1
And I realize we're all busy people, so don't worry, you can do this on a lunch break. 	1
I think it has relevance to any problem between people anywhere. 	1
(ii) Geneva Library users (all services)	0
26.2 During the biennium 1996-1997, those projections were confirmed by the volume of services provided in the areas of meetings and interpretation, where actual outputs virtually reached the programmed levels.	0
But male role models for boys that say it's all right to be smart -- they've got dads, they've got pastors, they've got Cub Scout leaders, but ultimately, six hours a day, five days a week they're spending in a classroom, and most of those classrooms are not places where men exist. 	1
Published and electronic bibliographical tools, including the UNBIS database, “Human Rights on CD-ROM”, the Library’s Internet home page and indexing optical disk system (ODS) for documentary storage and information retrieval were developed to satisfy the needs of the Library’s official and global research clientele.	0
It's very uncomfortable to be on the receiving end of that kind of language. 	1
29.3 Several in-depth evaluations were carried out for the Department of Public Information (DPI), peacekeeping operations: termination phase, statistics, and the Department of Humanitarian Affairs (DHA).	0
But they forgot this: the fact that birds dine on grubs, that robins eat lots of worms now saturated with DDT. 	1
And now we are hitting those limits on multiple fronts. 	1
I cannot lay this only at the Government's door.	0
At the very last minute, we are going to get saved just like in every Hollywood movie, just like in the Rapture. 	1
I do not support the proposals to solve budgetary and other economic problems through inflation.	0
I believe we should soon switch to a policy of ensuring parity between the hryvnya exchange rate and the rate of inflation.	0
Physical activity becomes very difficult and usually after two to five years, you die. 	1
Though I was attached to this ugly, unwanted, high-maintenance, mechanical pet, my life was kind of like the happy part in an opera -- very complicated, but in a good way. 	1
One must admit that the structurally incomplete and incomprehensive nature of reforms is largely caused by the fact that Ukraine's development models were constructed without taking into account its peculiarity, the existing and future legislative framework and the state of people's psychological preparation for radical changes in their established and habitual lifestyles.	0
The corporate segment of the economy has so far been left out of view.	0
I had hoped my voice would be saved, but my doctors knew that the breathing tubes going down my throat might have already destroyed it. 	1
Whether by a Mack truck or by heart failure or faulty lungs, death happens. 	1
History has meant that the State has always occupied first place, and thus the interests of individuals were sacrificed.	0
Medical conditions don't negate the human condition. 	1
Similarly, the inflow of migrants to Ukraine from other States is practically uncontrolled.	0
Not only would it have been burned in engines and added to global warming, but there's a place called "Cancer Alley," and the reason it's called "Cancer Alley" is because the petrochemical industry takes that oil and turns it into plastic and, in the process, kills people. 	1
The latter disorient society, disconcert people and provoke blind opposition to truly necessary and beneficial causes.	0
In connection with this, it is difficult to overestimate the importance of such a sharp instrument of forming public opinion and influence on the nation as the mass media.	0
In general, economic and social ills, the situation in which Ukraine finds itself, to a great, if not decisive, extent, are caused by a low level of State efficiency and the State's inability to implement its own decisions effectively and to ensure adherence to established rules of political behaviour, economic activity and so on; we can and must overcome these weaknesses of the State.	0
And the weakening of any one of them threatens a chain reaction.	0
Democracy, by the way, means respecting the wisdom of all people -- and we'll get to that. 	1
In particular, we shall have to ensure that local self-government fulfils the true meaning of that term.	0
And the way that we get there is to first of all recognize that the idea of disposability not only hurts the species we've talked about, but it even corrupts our own society. 	1
The Autonomous Republic of Crimea is certainly not last if not first on the list.	0
The second reason why the authorities are weak lies in the personnel area.	0
We have a moral challenge in this moment. 	1
So this is a fantastic machine for improving health care, but as I said, it's also a challenge for us. 	1
7. Representatives of the following United Nations bodies and specialized agencies participated in the meeting: Division for the Advancement of Women of the United Nations Secretariat; International Labour Organization (ILO); Joint United Nations Programme on HIV/AIDS (UNAIDS); United Nations Development Programme (UNDP); United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO); United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF); Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR); and World Health Organization (WHO).	0
11. The chairpersons wished to reaffirm the considerable importance they attach to the opportunity for discussion and coordination which is provided by the meetings of chairpersons.	0
They considered, however, that additional measures were required and that these should be carefully designed to address the concerns of individual States in relation to specific treaties which they have not ratified.	0
In some instances, reluctance to ratify seemed to be based on misconceptions which could easily be dispelled if the right type of assistance were available.	0
So every month there are new graphics cards coming out, and here is a few of the latest ones from the vendors -- NVIDIA, ATI, Intel is out there as well. 	1
While overall numbers had not changed greatly, except for a major reduction in the staff available to process communications, there had been an exponential increase in the number of demands placed upon the treaty bodies as a result of, inter alia, rapidly expanding participation in the treaty regime, a correspondingly sharp increase in the number of reports to be processed and the number of communications received, an expansion in the range of activities undertaken by the treaty bodies, particularly in response to calls from States, and growing interest in the work of the treaty bodies by a wide range of actors, accompanied by many demands for information and assistance.	0
So I'm going to show you a few examples of what we can do. 	1
Nevertheless, taking account of the clear inadequacy of existing funding and the apparent certainty of continuing budgetary stringency within the Organization as a whole, they believed that it was now appropriate to build upon an approach which seemed capable of immediately increasing the support available, which was to seek voluntary funding for the work of the six treaty bodies.	0
So again, looking at very, very large data sets, and you saw those full-body scans that we can do. 	1
You can also see some of the artifacts from the teeth -- that's actually the filling of the teeth -- but because I've set the functions to show me metal and make everything else transparent. 	1
33. In addition, the chairpersons recommended that, in future, the Secretariat aim to provide each treaty body, as a minimum, with a structured analysis of the issues raised during the dialogue and the responses provided or not provided.	0
Such training should be undertaken primarily at the national level, rather than on a regional basis, and should be made available to all government departments involved in implementation of the treaties, the judiciary, police, etc., and all interested parts of civil society.	0
So what you're seeing on the left is a touch device. 	1
And this is a little bit freaky, because what Motts is seeing is actually this. 	1
So Motts is doing something here, and probably he is going like this with his right hand, because the left side is activated on the motor cortex. 	1
The work of the Department over the past year in those areas was described in the progress report of the Secretary-General submitted to the Special Committee.	0
My motto is always, I only hire people that are smarter than I am and most of these are smarter than I am. 	1
11. Many delegations noted the continuing importance of basic peacekeeping principles, including respect for sovereignty, non-intervention in internal affairs, consent, impartiality and the need for a coordinated approach to crises.	0
Observing that the conduct of operations, despite their complexity, has become more professional, many other delegations asserted that operations had become more successfully adapted to tackling the root causes of conflicts, and emphasized the ongoing importance of peace-building activities.	0
The bot, our rising celebrity, also has his own Twitter account: @robotinthewild. 	1
The Committee encourages active participation in such meetings, whose Chairman, the President of the Council, reports to the Council the views expressed by contributing or prospective contributing countries.	0
Now what is extraordinary about this is, what gives China its sense of being China, what gives the Chinese the sense of what it is to be Chinese, comes not from the last hundred years, not from the nation-state period, which is what happened in the West, but from the period, if you like, of the civilization-state. 	1
The Committee reiterates that such a concept would provide a coherent framework within which other logistics initiatives would be developed, which in turn would ensure the efficient utilization of resources.	0
Now we in the West overwhelmingly seem to think -- in these days at least -- that the authority and legitimacy of the state is a function of democracy. 	1
The Committee also welcomes the greater coordination of demining activities within the United Nations system.	0
And I would suggest to you that actually what we are dealing with here, in the Chinese context, is a new kind of paradigm, which is different from anything we've had to think about in the past. 	1
The Committee encourages the Secretary-General to make further efforts to ensure the resources required for the continuation and full dissemination of the Unit’s work.	0
It went for 1,114 miles, linking Beijing with Hangzhou and Shanghai. 	1
This would include coordinating the training programmes for military and civilian police personnel of African countries and mobilizing assistance, in particular logistical and financial support, to African peacekeeping capacity and to related activities of OAU.	0
Those are all behaviors where people know what they're supposed to do. 	1
116. Recognizing that 1998 marks the fiftieth anniversary of United Nations peacekeeping, the Special Committee reiterates its recommendations in that regard, presented in paragraph 91 of its previous report (A/52/209) and endorsed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/69, inter alia, to dedicate a part of the first day of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly to a commemorative meeting to pay tribute to all who have served in peacekeeping operations, especially those who have lost their lives under the United Nations flag during the past 50 years.	0
One part of medicine, though, has faced the problem of behavior change pretty well, and that's dentistry. 	1
It has been 50 years since the establishment of the first United Nations observer mission, the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization.	0
But they have really taken this problem of behavior change and solved it. 	1
We are firmly determined to increase cooperation with the States of the African continent in the most diverse areas, from politics to economics and culture.	0
So I want to isolate this, because it was a great observation -- 30 years ago, right, 30 years ago -- and it's one that's laid fallow in research. 	1
This is an approach that has been developed by a couple researchers at Dartmouth Medical School, Lisa Schwartz and Steven Woloshin. 	1
So let me just walk through this quickly. 	1
(e) Offenders who commit major drug law offences (e.g., control of manufacture, smuggling) and, in most cases, other crimes (e.g., violent crimes, financial crimes, such as money laundering, corruption) in order to safeguard their trafficking networks and their assets.	0
And finally, you understand what those choices are. 	1
(e) That protection of human rights, land, property and investment derive from a legal framework and an adequate security system;	0
What does this mean? Help me understand what the data is. 	1
(c) The strategic framework that should present collective quantitative and qualitative understandings of problems and set the economic and social context for establishing priorities and making choices based on the country’s potential to stand on its own, thereby creating a vision of future prospects;	0
Now when I was a little older, in my 20s, I realized there are not many women in cartooning. 	1
And I thought, "Well, maybe I can break the little glass ceiling of cartooning," and so I did. I became a cartoonist. 	1
And we talk about how women have such strong perceptions, because of our tenuous position and our role as tradition-keepers, that we can have the great potential to be change-agents. 	1
KTC Kalandia training centre (West Bank)	0
That sent me to an X-ray, then to an MRI. 	1
UNTSO United Nations Truce Supervision Organization	0
Would they wonder who I was, I thought. 	1
Concurrently and for the second consecutive year, the Agency was obliged to make an extraordinary appeal for additional contributions to complete the year without a disruption in services, which was successful thanks to the generous support of donors.	0
5. The announcement of those measures elicited swift and strong opposition from the Palestine refugee community and host authorities.	0
And then in the 1980's, they determined that one particular cocktail of chemo could be effective, and within weeks I had started that regimen. 	1
Concurrently, repeated deficits depleted the Agency’s working capital reserves, severely limiting its ability to withstand significant funding shortfalls except through further reductions in expenditure.	0
And I hung up the phone, and I put my face in my hands, and I screamed this silent scream. 	1
10. Apart from the August 1997 measures, UNRWA’s financial difficulties continued to have a negative effect on the quality and level of services provided to beneficiaries.	0
 And one night my daughter Eden came to me. 	1
Progress was made in four specific areas. First, a policy analysis unit was established in mid-1998 to conduct research and analysis that would contribute to enhancing strategic planning capabilities and the efficiency and effectiveness of Agency programmes.	0
15. UNRWA continued to cooperate with the Governments of Jordan, Lebanon and the Syrian Arab Republic and with the Palestinian Authority in providing services to Palestine refugees throughout the area of operations, a subject covered in greater detail in chapter II of the present report.	0
At the risk of admission, I was never nicer than the year I was on crutches. 	1
16. The situation in the West Bank remained tense during the reporting period, characterized by continuing unrest and the sustained imposition of security-related measures.	0
There were intermittent clashes between Palestinian demonstrators and Israeli forces, particularly at Hebron, and a number of attacks by Palestinians on Israeli targets.	0
And this idea of pausing may be the single biggest lesson I took from my journey. 	1
Citing security concerns, the Israeli authorities continued to impose curfews and closures in various West Bank localities, particularly in autumn 1997, although to a lesser degree than in the previous reporting period.	0
And every seven sets of seven years, the land gets an extra year of rest during which time all families are reunited and people surrounded with the ones they love. 	1
The Agency maintained contacts with the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) in connection with the Commissioner-General’s capacity as the United Nations Designated Official responsible for the overall security and protection of United Nations staff and family members in Israel, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.	0
And so, how I see my work contributing is sort of trying to literally re-imagine these connections and physically rebuild them. 	1
And here's a map of that condition, showing the contaminants in yellow and green, exacerbated by this new flow of storm-surge and sea-level rise. 	1
Despite the significant results achieved under PIP, the capacity of the Agency’s education system was not expanding at a rate commensurate with enrolment growth.	0
It's just that; it's this very inexpensive thing, available practically at your hardware store, and it's very cheap. 	1
Compensatory measures for pupils included remedial classes, voluntary extra class periods, audio-visual programmes, curriculum enrichment materials and self-learning kits.	0
We use words like "grasp" metaphorically to also think about understanding things. 	1
 And the question he had is, "Can I do it? Can it be done?" 	1
The UNRWA/UNESCO Institute of Education, located at the Agency’s Amman headquarters, provided overall guidance for the regular in-service training programme.	0
They did that in the summer, and it was very warm. 	1
The 14,372 education staff – including teachers, administrative staff and support staff – represented more than two thirds of all Agency staff, while the education budget of $160.3 million for 1998 accounted for half of the total Agency budget.	0
Another donor would provide technical assistance and funding to introduce computer training at UNRWA training centres.	0
They want to figure out how things work; they want to get access to it; and they want to control it. 	1
They want to use it to their own purpose. 	1
  Narrator: Of all things Americans are, we are makers. 	1
The council commended the Agency’s efforts to provide education services at acceptable standards despite financial constraints.	0
And then he didn't particularly like school that much, but he got involved in robotics competitions, and he realized he had a talent, and, more importantly, he had a real passion for it. 	1
Overall coverage of maternal antenatal services Agency-wide was approximately 70 per cent of the target population, while coverage of child health care was approximately 75 per cent.	0
If you don't know what those are, they're just the "brains." 	1
Plans were under way to conduct a nutrition survey in the Gaza Strip in autumn 1998, in cooperation with the Palestinian Authority and the WHO collaborating centre, the United States Centres for Disease Prevention and Control.	0
The Agency was planning to join forces with other health-care providers in the West Bank and Gaza Strip as implementation proceeded on the public health component of a brucellosis surveillance and control programme developed in 1997 by the Palestinian Authority, in cooperation with WHO and UNDP.	0
So makers harvest technology from all the places around us. 	1
Well, if I haven't convinced you that you're a maker, I hope I could convince you that our next generation should be makers, that kids are particularly interested in this, in this ability to control the physical world and be able to use things like micro-controllers and build robots. 	1
FSS, an enhanced version of the socio-economic database, would enable data to be updated at the field and area level for better programme planning and management.	0
Of course, old media companies and advertisers need to know this. 	1
Implementation of the modified form of food support introduced in the previous reporting period – whereby a cash subsidy equivalent to $40 per person per year replaced certain lesser-valued commodities in the food ration, with the other commodities still being distributed in kind – continued to proceed smoothly, although in late 1997 the cash subsidy was disbursed behind schedule owing to delays in receipt of funding.	0
She's 37 years old, she hasn't won a marathon of any kind in eight years, and a few months previously she almost died in childbirth. 	1
In Lebanon, the Agency with project funding completed a facility to accommodate 55 displaced and impoverished refugee families in Beddawi camp (see para. 166).	0
And Paula Radcliffe at that point says, "I'm done. Go." 	1
Activities at WPCs emphasized projects and training that would help participants earn an income; lectures and workshops on issues of concern to women and the community, including a special educational programme on HIV/AIDS; courses to enhance women’s social development; and provision of support services for women, such as kindergartens and legal advice bureaus.	0
They took off and hid in this labyrinthine, networking, spiderwebbing system of canyons called the Copper Canyons, and there they remained since the 1600s -- essentially the same way they've always been. 	1
CRCs worked to raise community awareness of the needs and rights of the disabled; integrate persons with disabilities into mainstream activities, such as schooling; help disabled persons and their families cope with disability; assist disabled adults in obtaining training and employment; offer referrals to specialist services; and provide equipment, such as hearing aids and prosthetic devices.	0
The second thing remarkable about the Tarahumara is, deep into old age -- 70 to 80 years old -- these guys aren't running marathons; they're running mega-marathons. 	1
Despite a decrease in donor contributions to the Gaza programme the number of loans increased from 4,452 loans valued at $5.4 million in the previous reporting period to 6,193 loans valued at $7.3 million in the current reporting period (see annex I, table 9).	0
Now I've been to a lot of marathons, and I've yet to see any ... 	1
The programme continued to increase sustainability despite continued growth in operating expenses.	0
Then you go beyond 26 miles, into the distance that medical science also told us would be fatal to humans -- remember Pheidippides died when he ran 26 miles -- you get to 50 and 100 miles, and suddenly it's a different game. 	1
The SGL and MEC programmes utilized the same capital base, which at 30 June 1998 was valued at $4 million.	0
Better than any other mammal on Earth, we can sweat really well. 	1
Training courses were designed to meet the needs of small business owners, including borrowers from the Agency’s revolving loan funds, potential entrepreneurs and women enterprise owners, who generally had few other opportunities for business or management training.	0
It's either going to breathe or it's going to cool off, but it ain't doing both -- we can. 	1
Well if that's true, a couple other things had to be true as well. 	1
The SSE programme had a capital base of $1.7 million at mid-1998 and an overall recovery rate of 94 per cent.	0
In the Gaza Strip, a total of 15 staff members were arrested and detained by the Palestinian Authority, compared with 18 in the preceding reporting period.	0
 The second observation I'd like to make is we need to face the truth that governments and corporations aren't going to solve this issue for us. 	1
No staff members were arrested and detained in Lebanon, compared to one in the preceding reporting period.	0
It's in their nature; it's in their DNA; it's what they do -- even the good, well-intentioned companies. 	1
112. Full closures of the West Bank and Gaza Strip.	0
And I realize that my life is completely out of balance. 	1
During full closures, Palestinians holding West Bank and Gaza Strip identity cards, including Agency staff, were prevented from leaving their area of residence and had their permits revoked without notice.	0
I truly understand how that can be daunting. 	1
Towards the end of the reporting period, specific delays were caused by lengthy random searches and checks carried out by Israeli customs officials at the bridge.	0
And I remember thinking about all the reasons why that was the case. 	1
The effective functioning of UNRWA headquarters at Gaza continued to be negatively affected by Israeli security-related measures.	0
 CB: All right, so Leo and Cookie might have gotten off to a little bit of a rough start, but they get along great now. 	1
Three scholarships were financed for the master of arts programme in law at Bir Zeit University in the West Bank.	0
To answer questions like, how is it that, from a brief encounter, we're able to make an estimate of how trustworthy another person is? 	1
The incident was reported to the Palestinian Authority and appropriate action taken.	0
There's actually a scientist carefully controlling Nexi's cues to be able to study this question. 	1
No incursions were reported in Jordan, Lebanon or the Syrian Arab Republic.	0
So given that key insight, we can now start to imagine new kinds of applications for robots. 	1
The Palestinian authorities, asserting concerns over the quality of flour, interfered with the timely distribution by UNRWA of flour rations in the West Bank field on several occasions in August and September 1997.	0
So imagine this: What about a robot accessory for your cellphone? 	1
The next was to add mobility -- so, have the screen on a mobile base. 	1
We looked at psychological involvement -- how much empathy did you feel for the other person? 	1
130. Reimbursement of value-added tax and other charges.	0
With project funding, construction was also completed on five classrooms, five toilet blocks, three water reservoirs, and one science laboratory, and three schools received comprehensive maintenance.	0
And through this technology, being able to be an active participant in their grandchildren's lives in a way that's not possible today. 	1
Another secondary school established with a project contribution opened in September 1997 at Ein el-Hilweh camp, complementing the existing Agency secondary school at Burj el-Barajneh camp.	0
At 30 June 1998, the number of Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in Lebanon stood at 364,551, an increase of 1.5 per cent over the 30 June 1997 figure of 359,005.	0
So it was the need and the people we saw that's what made us go back and work for them. 	1
These are spinneret glands on the abdomen of a spider. 	1
Now the really clever bit is what they did with the cardboard waste. 	1
UNRWA schools in the West Bank accommodated 50,017 pupils in the six-year elementary cycle and three-year preparatory cycle in the 1997/1998 school year.	0
And we'd also have a coffee shop, and the waste grains from that could be used as a substrate for growing mushrooms. 	1
The transfers resulted from normal movement of families within the area and selection of schools closer to their place of residence.	0
At mid-1998, three schools, six classrooms and three toilet blocks were under construction.	0
And if you look at some of the organisms that have evolved to live in deserts, there are some amazing examples of adaptations to water scarcity. 	1
And just to give you some sense of the potential of CSP, consider that we receive 10,000 times as much energy from the sun every year as we use in energy from all forms -- 10,000 times. 	1
With those two projects, all improvements to UNRWA’s health infrastructure in the West Bank planned and implemented under PIP were completed.	0
Some of you might be wondering what we would do with all the salts. 	1
On 30 June 1998, the number of Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in the West Bank stood at 555,057, an increase of 2.3 per cent over the 30 June 1997 figure of 542,642.	0
Really the Sahara Forest Project is a model for how we could create zero-carbon food, abundant renewable energy in some of the most water-stressed parts of the planet as well as reversing desertification in certain areas. 	1
Kindergartens were operating at most centres.	0
There was no improvement in the situation of male and female students from Gaza enrolled in courses at UNRWA training centres in the West Bank, including ESF, who since February 1996 remained unable to obtain the necessary permits from the Israeli authorities to stay in the West Bank, despite repeated requests by the Agency.	0
The unique arrangement of providing an afternoon shift at the centres in the five largest camps and Gaza town was maintained to offset heavy workloads during the morning shift.	0
With regard to Deir el-Balah camp, construction of priority sewerage and drainage works in the northern part of the camp progressed during the reporting period.	0
On 30 June 1998, the number of Palestine refugees registered with UNRWA in the Gaza Strip stood at 772,653, an increase of 3.6 per cent over the 30 June 1997 figure of 746,050.	0
What are its kindred and component parts? 	1
The gradual repatriation of refugees from Canada camp in the Sinai peninsula to the Gaza Strip continued within the framework of mutual agreements between the concerned authorities.	0
I can't quite explain it, and he can't either. 	1
But again and again, lived compassion brings us back to the wisdom of tenderness. 	1
1 World Bank, Medium Term Development Strategy and Public Financing Priorities for the Health Sector, West Bank and Gaza, vol. 1 (December 1997), p. 14.	0
He once said that science in his generation had become like a razor blade in the hands of a three-year-old. 	1
We put these two photographs side-by-side on our website, and someone said, "When I look at the first photo, I ask myself, what was he thinking? 	1
Incidence of low birth rate among surviving infants (per cent)b	0
We're looking at millimeter accuracy with regard to spatial and millisecond accuracy using 306 SQUIDs -- these are Superconducting QUantum Interference Devices -- to pick up the magnetic fields that change as we do our thinking. 	1
f Percentage over the life of the programme to 30 June 1998. Table 10	0
And they say, "I want to work in global poverty, but what will it mean about my career? 	1
He said, "We used to feel like nobodies, but now we feel like somebodies." 	1
6. Reports of the Working Group on the Financing of UNRWA	0
Our lives are so short, and our time on this planet is so precious, and all we have is each other. 	1
Reports of the Secretary-General submitted in pursuance of General Assembly resolutions 49/35 C, D, F and G of 9 December 1994, respectively:	0
It's a physical infrastructure that allows us to get from point A to point B and move things that way. 	1
United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)	0
I think we can do that in Cambridge," brought it to Cambridge and they started -- two women -- Robin Chase being the other person who started it. 	1
Meanwhile, these guys are sitting back, collecting all sorts of data about our behavior and how we interact with the service. 	1
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL	0
Zipcar started a decade earlier, in 2000. 	1
of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the	0
Madeleine Albright: This is "Breaking the Glass Ceiling." 	1
(a) Full implementation of these regulations, as they pertain to the medium-term plan;	0
The process for the formulation of the medium-term plan shall include:	0
But I have to tell you, I have my youngest granddaughter, when she turned seven last year, said to her mother, my daughter, "So what's the big deal about Grandma Maddie being Secretary of State? 	1
4. Throughout this process, the mandate and functions of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions shall be fully respected.	0
PM: And did you get pushback from making that a central tenant of foreign policy? 	1
Its objectives and strategies shall be derived from the policy orientations and goals set by the intergovernmental organs.	0
But it was one of the first times that I didn't have to cook lunch myself. 	1
Consequently, the plan does not identify activities per se.	0
(a) Major programmes, consisting of all activities conducted in a sector;	0
But I think it really does help to have a critical mass of women in a series of foreign policy positions. 	1
This would address the old and new issues faced by the international community, based on the persistent problems and emerging trends;	0
In Madrid, Maria Gonzalez is standing at the door, listening to her baby crying and crying, trying to work out whether she should let it cry until it falls asleep or pick it up and hold it. 	1
This would outline, in broad terms, the courses of action that would need to be taken and the priority areas to be addressed.	0
But still, even in this age of Google and TripAdvisor and Amazon Recommends, it's still experts that we rely upon most -- especially when the stakes are high and the decision really matters. 	1
The word “chapters” should be replaced with “programmes and subprogrammes”.	0
Under the new plan structure, subprogrammes within a programme relate in many instances to more than one functional or sectoral body.	0
A common thinking error of radiologists, for example -- when they look at CT scans -- is that they're overly influenced by whatever it is that the referring physician has said that he suspects the patient's problem to be. 	1
Statistics, for example, now appears as a subprogramme, as does population, each linked to separate functional commissions but falling within a programme.	0
In view of the congruence between the programmatic and organizational structures of the Organization, the programme budget will contain financial information at both the programme and subprogramme levels.	0
You see, being ready to take experts on is about also being willing to dig behind their graphs, their equations, their forecasts, their prophecies, and being armed with the questions to do that -- questions like: What are the assumptions that underpin this? 	1
The proposed programme budget shall be preceded by a statement explaining the main changes made in the content of the programme and the volume of resources allocated to them in relation to the previous biennium and indicating the progress envisaged for all activities with time-limited objectives in implementing the plan.	0
And that's why I talk about the need to actively manage dissent. 	1
Programme narratives shall set out subprogrammes and outputs.	0
The conventional notion is that experts are people with advanced degrees, fancy titles, diplomas, best-selling books -- high-status individuals. 	1
Outputs in a particular period may be of a non-recurrent nature and not meant to be repeated in the next budget period.	0
For now, more than ever, is not the time to be blindly following, blindly accepting, blindly trusting. 	1
The Secretary-General may make such proposals for review by the relevant intergovernmental body if he considers that circumstances so warrant.	0
It's the face where we're attracted to with that. 	1
The findings of intergovernmental review of evaluations shall be reflected in subsequent programme design, delivery and policy directives.	0
They've grown used to their face; they think they're special. 	1
Regulation 4.16 states as follows: “Intergovernmental and expert bodies shall, when reviewing the relevant chapters of the proposed medium-term plan, recommend priorities among subprogrammes in their field of competence.	0
So our facial appearance is vital to us as we're trying to project ourselves to the world. 	1
Regulation 4.2 states that the plan “shall reflect Member States’ priorities as set out in legislation adopted by functional and regional intergovernmental bodies within their spheres of competence and by the General Assembly, on advice from the Committee for Programme and Coordination”.	0
(f) Promotion of justice and international law;	0
What happens to them is that they may have suffered cancer or trauma. 	1
(b) The economic development of developing countries;	0
According to the organization, “the reduction in this number from previous years hides another trend, which is the increasing number of short-term arbitrary arrests”.	0
This is confirmed by the United States State Department, which reports that “in East Timor, military units regularly detain civilians for interrogation; most are held in extra-legal military detention centres, often with no notification of relatives, mistreated for several days and then released”.	0
We make judgments on people's faces all the time. 	1
We look at O.J. -- he's a good-looking guy. 	1
Four of them, Marçal Guterres, Basílio Mendonç, Manuel Sarmento and António Freitas, are still in detention and awaiting trial, the others were taken to Becora prison, but it is not known if they are still in detention. Centralized public registers of all detainees and their place of detention could prevent the risk of torture or “disappearance”, in particular if they were made available to lawyers, relatives and to the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC).	0
One of the students, who received a life-threatening wound in the neck, was forcibly removed from an ICRC vehicle by police.	0
No new efforts have been undertaken to account for those still missing.	0
The smooth stones on the sand are familiar to us. 	1
7. Human rights violations against women	0
The draft resolution was strongly supported by members of different regional groups and was co-sponsored by a total of 34 countries.	0
You cannot make the voyage alone, you were never meant to. 	1
Unlike the previous year, having perceived that support for the draft resolution was growing stronger, Indonesia agreed to the negotiation of a Chairman’s statement, which was eventually adopted by consensus.	0
This whole notion of every man for himself is completely unsustainable. 	1
So the other reason it's been very popular is because we can measure it, it's digital. 	1
And so we can discover things that probably you could have found by looking at enough of your relatives, but they may be surprising. 	1
4. The Special Committee also decided upon the organization of its work for the year.	0
And so we did that, and working with David, we made a little company called Applied Proteomics eventually, which makes this robotic assembly line, which, in a very consistent way, measures the protein. 	1
7. The geographical names and the terminology employed in the present report reflect the usage in the original sources and do not imply the expression of any opinion whatsoever on the part of the Special Committee or the Secretariat of the United Nations.	0
So if I zoom into that picture, I can just show you what it means. 	1
Sheikh Yassin noted that restoration work was an activity undertaken by the Islamic Waqf on an annual basis. (The Jerusalem Times, 31 October)	0
The emergency session was the third of its kind to be held by the Assembly on the Har Homa issue.	0
Under the plan, Israel would also control the coastline of the Gaza Strip .	0
And for a moment I was wondering, are we going to live in order to see real change happening on the ground, a change that does not come through foreign intervention, through the misery of occupation, through nations invading our land and deepening the sense of inferiority sometimes? 	1
The Secretary-General stated that Israelis and Palestinians had shown admirable courage in joining the negotiations launched in Madrid in 1991 and later in signing the Oslo Accords, adding:	0
Now I am here to tell you that the future that we were dreaming for has eventually arrived. 	1
Despite this, those responsible had stood trial in only 55 cases.	0
This is what they were telling. This is their propaganda. 	1
However, no such decrease had occurred with regard to children, who represented 27 per cent of those killed in 1997.	0
Parents actually went to the streets and they supported them. 	1
According to the report, 447 Palestinian houses had been demolished and 294 sealed off as punishment for violent offences committed by a suspected or convicted family member.	0
And suddenly that newsroom in Doha became a center that received all this kind of input from ordinary people -- people who are connected and people who have ambition and who have liberated themselves from the feeling of inferiority. 	1
I call on all the people represented here to support the bill on the implementation of the Interim Agreement banning all activity of a political or similar nature that is not in keeping with honouring Israel’s sovereignty in Jerusalem.”	0
And then Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali decided to leave. 	1
72. On 14 December, PA President Yasser Arafat reportedly declared that the “Zionists” had committed hundreds of millions of dollars to Judaize Jerusalem and perpetuate it as Israel’s eternal capital.	0
Always, we believed that change will spring from within, that change should be a reconciliation with culture, cultural diversity, with our faith in our tradition and in our history, but at the same time, open to universal values, connected with the world, tolerant to the outside. 	1
The 13-page report, entitled “A Compendium of Hate, Palestinian Authority Anti-Semitism Since the Hebron Accord”, noted that the Oslo Accords and the Hebron Protocol required the PA to refrain from incitement and to take measures to prevent others from engaging in it.	0
How did the elite deal with that -- the so-called political elite? 	1
100. On 3 October, it was reported that several marches had been organized by Palestinian citizens outside the houses occupied by Jewish settlers in the Ras al-Amud quarter of Hebron.	0
But with that lens, you have to be as close as 10 inches from the person. 	1
According to the witnesses, about 10 Israeli soldiers posing as Arabs had jumped out of a car at a petrol station in the Hebron area village, beaten and shackled a Palestinian man tending the pumps and quickly spirited him away.	0
And then I pasted huge posters everywhere in the bourgeois area of Paris with the name, age, even building number of these guys. 	1
Among those participating were reportedly members of the PLC.	0
We launched the biggest illegal art exhibition ever. 	1
In a related development, the security forces uncovered another alleged Hamas group, numbering dozens of activists, in the Bethlehem area.	0
Shortly after the boy was laid to rest, scores of Palestinian youths threw stones and bottles at IDF troops who responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets, injuring some seven Palestinians.	0
The confrontations stopped only after the demonstrators were overpowered by Palestinian police.	0
People can tear it, tag on it, or even pee on it -- some are a bit high for that, I agree -- but the people in the street, they are the curator. 	1
In Bethlehem, demonstrators broke through Palestinian police lines and hurled stones at Israeli forces guarding Rachel’s Tomb.	0
141. On 27 December, the border police arrested two Palestinians near the Maaleh Adumim settlement, one of whom was wearing an IDF uniform.	0
This is Kibera, Kenya, one of the largest slums of Africa. 	1
He had protested and asked the policemen to identify themselves but they had refused and ordered the Palestinians to stand with their faces against a wall and their hands raised.	0
But yesterday the city called them and said, "Look, you're going to have to tear it down. 	1
181. On 15 December, backed by more than 20 cement trucks and heavy tractors, the IDF imposed a curfew on the West Bank village of Azira Shamalya, where it demolished two houses and sealed two others that were attached to other homes.	0
Palestinian sources stated that in one village, hundreds of Palestinians had been rounded up at the local girls’ school and 20 to 30 taken into custody after questioning.	0
So I hope that, together, we'll create something that the world will remember. 	1
223. On 31 December, celebrations were held at El-Azhar University in Gaza City to mark the thirty-third anniversary of Fatah’s first “terrorist” attack against Israel on 1 January 1965.	0
Some 4,000 married Palestinian workers aged over 35 (2,000 from the West Bank and 2,000 from the Gaza Strip) were allowed to enter Israel.	0
In fact, one of the most ridiculous ideas was, "Hey, let's have a silent stand. 	1
Some 2,000 merchants aged 30 and over were also allowed to enter Israel, thus raising to 4,000 the number of merchants allowed into the country.	0
Let's get people to go in the street, face the sea, their back to the street, dressed in black, standing up silently for one hour, doing nothing and then just leaving, going back home." 	1
248. On 8 December, police confiscated documents from the office of the American Holy Land Foundation in A-Ram in northern Jerusalem.	0
And I did not really hear anything. I did not know anything. 	1
According to one eyewitness, the stones were thrown from the roof of a settler house and shots were fired by a settler at the tractor.	0
The PA Local Authority Minister, Saeb Erekat, stated that the Authority would hold the Israeli Government responsible for any development that took place if the settlers were not evicted in the coming hours.	0
We are going to win because we don't understand politics. 	1
Most shops and businesses were also closed.	0
The detainee had been held since August 1994.	0
276. On 15 September, a 31-year-old administrative detainee, Marwan Hassan Ibrahim Maali, allegedly committed suicide in Megiddo prison.	0
This is what you see at this overall level. 	1
288. On 7 November, it was reported that a female Palestinian prisoner, Ataef Alian, had been on hunger strike for 12 days in protest against her status as a detainee.	0
They sell off the revenues from tobacco. 	1
300. On 22 December, it was reported that the implementation of a ruling by a military judge that an administrative detainee undergo a medical test was still pending one month after being issued.	0
There's ways, if it's temporary, to minimize the impact, but it's a problem. 	1
The Director-General of the Jenin branch of the PA Ministry of Local Government stated that the move was part of preliminary steps aimed at seizing more than 70,000 dunums of land belonging to the villages of Khiljan, Um Dar and Tourah, and eventually forcing the villagers out.	0
California will spend over 100 billion, Microsoft, 38, Google, about 19. 	1
The Israeli Cabinet Secretary, Dan Naveh, however, dismissed Palestinian criticism as “exaggerated” and a “storm in a teacup”.	0
There's a few good books, one about school spending and where the money comes from -- how that's changed over time, and the challenge. 	1
315. On 8 October, the Civil Administration and the IDF pledged that the bedouin families, consisting of some 170 persons, who had recently been expelled from their place of residence near the Kedar settlement would be allowed to return to the site within two days and that their possessions would be returned to them.	0
The 1-E plan to link Jerusalem to Maaleh Adumim was still under examination and the hearing of numerous Palestinian objections against it had not yet been concluded.	0
The first author, Alexis Carrel, a Nobel Prize winner. 	1
338. On 28 November, it was reported that a house belonging to the Tirhi family in the Old City of Jerusalem had been seized earlier in the week and turned into a police station.	0
It has the same conditions as the human body -- 37 degrees centigrade, 95 percent oxygen. 	1
Private construction had risen by 5 per cent: 190 compared with 180 in the first quarter.	0
The report underlined that 47 of the settlements in question had been enlarged by encroaching on 2,500 dunums of land confiscated from the Palestinians.	0
So what you see here -- I know it sounds funny, but that's the way it works. 	1
(a) List of Palestinians killed by troops or Israeli civilians	0
I was a little kid, and I was like, "Yeah. I'll have that. I'll have that surgery." 	1
(b) List of other Palestinians killed as a result of the occupation	0
 All I wanted to do was to get better, and I didn't realize how amazing it really was until now that I'm older and I see the amazing things that he's doing. 	1
6. On 8 January, in a speech made in Jerusalem before Jewish parliamentarians from all over the world, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu stated that Israel refused to revert to the pre-June 1967 armistice lines on the grounds that it could not “go back to being a country that was 10 or 12 kilometres wide”.	0
We are the most widely read feminist publication ever, and I tell you this because I think it's really important to see that there's a continuum. 	1
16. On 30 January, it was reported that the Israeli police had set up a new border guard unit post in the Christian Quarter of the Old City of Jerusalem.	0
Xenophobia's on the rise. The trafficking of women and girls. 	1
According to the West Bank Preventive Security Chief Jibril Rajoub, the three men killed Sharif in an internal power struggle.	0
Israeli officials charged that the Palestinian Authority put most of its intelligence effort into monitoring and interrogating suspected Palestinian collaborators.	0
And surely, at three and four years old, I was listening to the soothing sound of her voice, but I think I was also getting my first lesson in activist work. 	1
50. On 14 May, the Director-General of the Ministry of Agriculture, Dani Kritzman, stated that should the European Union revoke trade benefits for settler agricultural produce, the Ministry of Agriculture would revoke all the benefits and advantages given to Palestinian agricultural produce under the Paris Agreements. “I personally undertake not to implement the Paris Accords if this is what the Europeans decide.	0
They can just watch those videos; if they're bored, they can go ahead. 	1
One of the petitions, submitted by the Public Committee Against Torture in Israel, called for a ban on the use of a technique whereby the detainees’ hands and feet were bound and a sack placed on their heads, a position in which they were forced to listen to loud music, were deprived of sleep or forced to sit on a small chair.	0
 In response to that same comment -- this is on the thread, you can go on YouTube and look at the comments -- someone else wrote: "Same thing here. 	1
Mr. Moskovitz, who was crowned the “President of Jerusalem” by master of ceremonies Rabbi Eitan Eisemman, was given a thunderous ovation and promised to do everything he could to assist in the construction of Jerusalem — Har Homa, Mount of Olives and the Old City.	0
And so you can imagine, here I was, an analyst at a hedge fund -- it was very strange for me to do something of social value. 	1
But I didn't think it would somehow penetrate the classroom. 	1
So once the Khan Academy -- I quit my job, and we turned into a real organization -- we're a not-for-profit -- the question is, how do we take this to the next level? 	1
You get hints, the actual steps for that problem, The paradigm here seems like a very simple thing: 10 in a row, you move on. 	1
What it does is -- this is what's happening in Los Altos -- it frees up time -- it's the blocking and tackling, making sure you know how to move through a system of equations, and it frees up time for the simulations, for the games, for the mechanics, for the robot-building, for the estimating how high that hill is based on its shadow. 	1
63. On 1 January, thousands of Palestinians held rallies in Gaza, Ramallah and other West Bank towns to celebrate the Fatah Day.	0
According to the Palestinians, the riots were occasioned by the anniversary of the Cave of the Patriarchs (Ibrahimi Mosque) massacre.	0
There's no reason why you can't have that peer-to-peer tutoring beyond that one classroom. 	1
There was reportedly an escalation in tension in the Gaza Strip, with daily incidents of shooting at IDF patrols reported during the week.	0
And that's essentially what we're trying to build. 	1
The pro-Iraqi march in Hebron turned violent and scores of Palestinians threw bottles and stones at IDF troops who, in turn, fired rubber bullets to disperse them.	0
The students filled the village streets chanting pro-Iraqi slogans and calling upon Saddam Hussein to bomb Tel Aviv.	0
So it's not just Google and Facebook either. 	1
Outraged Palestinians warned of a second intifada, with Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat declaring that the killings were “a massacre in cold blood”.	0
And all of these fed into a disc array that was designed for a continuous capture. 	1
He also accused Israel of being responsible for the deaths of three Palestinian workers in Tarkumiya, adding that Palestinians were left with only two options: to die or to resist.	0
That environment, people, are in these tight feedback loops and creating a kind of scaffolding that has not been noticed until now. 	1
In Bethlehem, hundreds of high school and university students marched towards Rachel’s Tomb, chanting “death to America” and calling for a halt to settlement activities.	0
And we're now zoomed in over the entrance to the house. 	1
Evidence regarding the death of Sharif remained inconclusive, however.	0
Near the Psagot settlement (Ramallah area), 15 Palestinians were injured by rubber bullets fired by IDF.	0
This is a subset of data from our database -- just 50,000 out of several million -- and the social graph that connects them through publicly available sources. 	1
They would ordinarily support fish and other wildlife. 	1
140. On 14 May, between 7 and 10 Palestinians were killed (see list) and 300 to 400 wounded, up to 13 seriously, during clashes throughout the territories between IDF troops and Palestinian demonstrators marking the fiftieth anniversary of Al-Naqba (the Catastrophe), that is, the founding of the State of Israel.	0
There's a disincentive to conserve, because, if you don't use your water right, you can lose your water right. 	1
Most of you will be happy to know that the rest of the presentation's free, and some of you'll be happy to know that it involves beer. 	1
He made no reference to the fact that human lives were lost.	0
In Bethlehem, 25 Palestinians were injured near Rachel’s Tomb when hundreds of marchers attacked soldiers, who responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets.	0
You've got a disincentive to conserve, because if you don't use your water right, you risk losing your water right. 	1
Palestinian sources reported that 90 demonstrators had been injured.	0
So, working with local water trusts, we created an incentive to do so. 	1
The police reported that one border policeman was slightly injured by a stone.	0
He doesn't lose the water right, he just chooses to apply that right, or some portion of it, to the stream, instead of to the land. 	1
Eighteen Palestinians were detained for questioning. (Ha’aretz, Jerusalem Post, 17 May)	0
And when we make these connections, we can and we do turn this into this. 	1
143. On 16 March, it was reported that 17 Palestinians who had been injured during clashes with IDF troops in the Gaza Strip remained hospitalized.	0
In a separate incident in East Jerusalem, three incendiary bottles were thrown at the Jewish enclave in Ras-al Amud.	0
And he goes into the diner, introduces himself to a family and says, "What village are you from in New Hampshire?" 	1
We're really good at talking about material things, but we're really bad at talking about emotions. 	1
157. On 8 March, the Lod Military Court sentenced two Palestinians from Sur Baher (East Jerusalem) to 19 and 21 months in prison for belonging to Hamas, for planning to abduct and murder IDF soldiers, for handing out Hamas leaflets, for transferring messages to Hamas activists in prison and for throwing stones at the security forces.	0
And you can usually tell the uber-moms because they actually weigh less than their own children. 	1
161. On 13 April, it was reported that a judge of the High Court of Justice had issued an interim order instructing the Civil Administration to refrain from evicting 22 members of the Jahalin tribe from their places of residence.	0
And they've become elegant and slender -- they don't really have thighs; they just have one elegant calve on top of another. 	1
The 26-year-old woman was convicted of committing a racist act, supporting a terrorist organization, attempting to give religious offence and of attempted vandalism. She was also convicted of endangering life by throwing stones at Arab drivers on 28 June.	0
And so one way to formulate that is the human mind can take in millions of pieces of information a minute, of which it can be consciously aware of about 40. 	1
Dr. Ahmed Tibi, a senior aide to Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat, stated that the decision not to try the soldiers “affirms what we had said in the past: that Palestinian blood is cheap.	0
And this revolution in who we are gives us a different way of seeing, I think, politics, a different way, most importantly, of seeing human capital. 	1
After checking their identification cards, they ordered them to get into their jeep and lower their heads in order to prevent them from seeing where they were being taken.	0
When we think about human capital we think about the things we can measure easily -- things like grades, SAT's, degrees, the number of years in schooling. 	1
One of the policemen then drew his gun and threatened to shoot him unless he stood up.	0
They have trouble relating to other people. 	1
She also claimed that she was harassed by settlers who verbally abused her and threw stones at her house.	0
Men drown at twice the rate of women, because men think they can swim across that lake. 	1
188. On 22 March, Civil Administration officials accompanied by large numbers of IDF and police forces confiscated equipment used by a Palestinian family of 12 whose house on the southern outskirts of Hebron had been demolished by the Civil Administration some three weeks earlier on the grounds that it had been built “illegally”.	0
And all at once I found myself saying as tears flowed, 'That's me. That's me.' And those simple words brought back many thoughts that I had had before, about the fusion of our souls into one higher-level entity, about the fact that at the core of both our souls lay our identical hopes and dreams for our children, about the notion that those hopes were not separate or distinct hopes, but were just one hope, 	1
197. On 16 May, IDF revoked an order declaring Kalkilia, Tulkarm and Jenin off-limits for Israelis.	0
I'd like to convince you that the universe has a soundtrack and that soundtrack is played on space itself, because space can wobble like a drum. 	1
The decision was made at the request of the Palestinians who relied on trade with Israeli citizens (mostly Arabs) who visit the three towns located near the Green Line on Saturdays.	0
It can ring out a kind of recording throughout the universe of some of the most dramatic events as they unfold. 	1
200. On 23 February, OC Central Command, Maj.-Gen. Uzi Dayan, ordered the closure of Palestinian stores on Shalalah Street in Hebron in response to an incident in which three explosive devices were thrown at IDF troops on 22 February.	0
They're not brought to us with light, at least not directly. 	1
Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat charged that Israel’s closure policy caused the Palestinians daily losses of millions of dollars.	0
And Einstein was very impressed with his exact solution, and I should hope also the dedication of the scientist. 	1
Regarding the charges of lengthy security checks and harassment, Mr. Alon stated: “I don’t know anything about security checks, but security is security.	0
But I'd like to play for you the sound that we predict. 	1
The policemen came out of the vehicle and ordered the boys to enter it; one boy who tried to escape was chased and captured.	0
At home it sounds kind of anticlimactic. 	1
Doctors at the Al Ahli Hospital stated that the boy was in a state of cerebral death and was being kept alive only by life support equipment.	0
But the sound is too quiet for any of us to ever hear. 	1
Mr. Cohen told the Committee that unless the grave itself were removed, the memorial which had sprung up around it would continue to develop.	0
But now it actually might be more technically accurate because it might bang. 	1
237. On 24 December, 17 Palestinians from Bethlehem were injured by IDF gunfire, including one Palestinian who was injured in the head.	0
That song has been ringing through space for all that time. 	1
IDF sources stated that the Palestinians had been notified that they could not enter the city because of Jerusalem Day.	0
Some 1,000 students from the Gaza Strip were thought to be staying in the West Bank without a permit.	0
If it was the Big Bang we were going to pick up, it would sound like this. 	1
244. On 14 May, fire damaged one of the wooden gates to the Temple Mount in what police stated was an arson attack.	0
So we have to wonder, if there is a multiverse, in some other patch of that multiverse, are there creatures? 	1
The Hebron settlement spokesman welcomed the decision to replace the police chief, indicating that settlers had serious complaints against him.	0
And it's just a bit bright up there, so these people have found a very intriguing solution. 	1
256. On 15 March, Palestinians in Hebron woke up to discover that 24 windows of Palestinian cars had been smashed during the night.	0
Ambient luminescence is something very different. 	1
The Council stated in response that it had no connection with the works, which it presumed were carried out by a private contractor hired by one of the settlers on his own initiative.	0
Perhaps in school, we can help children to learn better because they concentrate more on their work. 	1
263. On 21 May, a female reporter working for a local television station in Hebron and a television photographer who accompanied her were stoned by settlers in the Tel Rumeideh neighbourhood of Hebron.	0
But when you look at this planet at night, it looks like this. 	1
Several dozen Palestinians quickly joined the Council members who announced that their presence there was a meeting of the parliament, the first such meeting in Jerusalem.	0
It was just a much smaller city, and the pace of urbanization is incredible and enormous. 	1
274. On 7 January, the High Court of Justice, sitting as a rare nine-justice bench, heard petitions by two Palestinian security detainees against interrogation methods allegedly amounting to torture employed against them by GSS.	0
We have to think again about light as a default solution. 	1
The officials stated that the man was serving a nine-year sentence handed down by a Palestinian court for his involvement in the murder of collaborators and the abduction of two border policemen in 1996.	0
Can we maybe be much more selective and create better environments that also benefit from darkness? 	1
Another detainee, Hassan Fatafta, was also released.	0
And it only embodies all these stories and all this suspense because of the darkness and the light. 	1
292. On 14 May, it was reported that Israel had submitted to the United Nations Committee against Torture a second periodic report, as required under the 1984 international Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment.	0
In architecture, it works just the same. 	1
The team had begun operating only recently but the recommendations were already being implemented, including the rigorous selection of candidates for service.	0
And I think it's fantastic that we are today experiencing TEDx in a theater for the first time because I think we really owe to the theater a big thanks. 	1
Israel had not enacted a law against torture so far and had not taken any substantial steps to that effect.	0
In addition, interrogators threatened to kill them and cited the names of persons who had died during interrogation.	0
I know that trick; I've done it a million times. 	1
Recently approved housing Ministry plans envisaged the construction of an additional 561 housing units.	0
Always apologize when you've done something wrong, but don't you ever apologize for the way your eyes refuse to stop shining. 	1
Plans for the construction of 2,200 housing units in Givat Binyamin were about to be approved, in addition to plans for 921 housing units which had already received approval.	0
321. On 16 February, an Israeli District Court sold a plot of land owned by a Palestinian to a Jewish investor without the knowledge of the owner.	0
Now I can divide my spoken-word journey into three steps. 	1
In addition, most of the construction was carried out by the settlement branch of the Council of Jewish Communities in Judea, Samaria (West Bank) and Gaza for non-profit purposes.	0
But Phil and I decided to reinvent Project V.O.I.C.E., this time changing the mission to using spoken-word poetry as a way to entertain, educate and inspire. 	1
An examination of the growth rates by district revealed that the highest increase occurred in the Nablus area (11.2 per cent).	0
And the poem began, "Anderson Cooper is a gorgeous man." 	1
351. On 21 May, it was reported that the Ministry Committee of Directors-General for Jerusalem Affairs was expected to submit to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu an emergency plan to strengthen Jerusalem’s Jewish population in the light of predictions that the city’s Arab population in the year 2020 would exceed 40 per cent, an increase from the current 30 per cent.	0
There's this piece of wall in Hiroshima that was completely burnt black by the radiation. 	1
Minor violations of the 1974 disengagement agreement are reportedly common in the Golan. They usually involve increases in the number of soldiers deployed there.	0
My mother and father had been saving money for years to be able to buy that machine, and the first day it was going to be used, even Grandma was invited to see the machine. 	1
Words of encouragement for the residents under Israeli occupation and congratulations for Syrian Independence Day were shouted from the Syrian side while residents on the occupied side threw across the border four flags painted with the colours of the Syrian flag.	0
As part of the campaign, the Council had also invested some NIS 4 million in infrastructure development.	0
 And they consume more than $40 per day. 	1
It's a hard, time-consuming labor, which they have to do for hours every week. 	1
Such an effort would need to take into account the outcome of the Council’s review of its subsidiary bodies.	0
But the total energy consumption will increase to 22 units. 	1
Furthermore, the paragraphs on primarily working methods, addressed to the executive boards of the funds and programmes, are treated separately in section IV.	0
Before the opening of the general debate in 1997, the Chairman of the Second Committee convened informal consultations to discuss ways to improve the working methods of the Committee.	0
I think they said it tasted like chicken. 	1
The outcome of each segment of the Council should be strengthened and made more action-oriented.	0
The Assembly furthermore requested the Secretary-General, in collaboration with the secretariat of UNCTAD, to report orally on the implementation of Assembly resolution 52/182, including developments in the multilateral trading system.	0
These were the first cloned calves, the first cloned grey wolves, and then, finally, the first cloned piglets: Alexis, Chista, Carrel, Janie and Dotcom. 	1
The arrangements in the General Assembly and in the Economic and Social Council for considering the coordination of humanitarian assistance and special economic assistance to individual countries and regions should be reviewed during the fifty-first session of the General Assembly (para. 25).	0
And it raises the question of how we're going to define animal species in the age of biotechnology -- a question that we're not really sure yet how to solve. 	1
The Council could invite, from time to time, executive heads and the chairpersons of the governing bodies of specialized agencies to interact with it on system-wide coordination and cooperation issues.	0
The meeting was generally considered to be a success; it was well attended by ministers and senior officials dealing with finance, economic and development cooperation matters and generated a lively and substantive dialogue in an informal atmosphere and received good press coverage.	0
Finally, Mussa-Ivaldi of Northwestern took a completely intact, independent lamprey eel brain. 	1
The Assembly, by its resolution 52/12 B, decided to establish the post of Deputy Secretary-General and the appointment was made by the Secretary-General following consultations with Member States and in accordance with Article 101 of the Charter of the United Nations.	0
The Executive Board discussed and agreed to the programme of work at its third regular session of September 1997.	0
It's already happening. It's not science fiction. 	1
The UNICEF secretariat continues to schedule pre-Board information meetings some weeks before each Board session, to allow more time for follow-up consultation between New York delegations and their capitals, and between delegations and the secretariat.	0
The WFP Executive Board now routinely establishes an annual work programme for the forthcoming year at its previous regular session.	0
For me, the human voice is the vessel on which all emotions travel -- except, perhaps, jealousy. 	1
For example, there are different colors and each color gets a different type of singing -- pop, country and western, opera, jazz -- and you just have to be consistent with that color. 	1
We, the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of Brazil, Egypt, Ireland, Mexico, New Zealand, Slovenia, South Africa and Sweden, have considered the continuing threat to humanity represented by the perspective of the indefinite possession of nuclear weapons by the nuclear-weapon States, as well as by those three nuclear-weapons-capable States that have not acceded to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons, and the attendant possibility of use or threat of use of nuclear weapons.	0
But there are a number of practical steps that the nuclear-weapon States can, and should, take immediately.	0
II. Context and challenges of humanitarian assistance	0
United Nations Consolidated Inter-Agency Humanitarian Assistance Appeals	0
But I am against using it as a barrier. 	1
These developments are extremely worrying, and concerted steps must be taken to address them.	0
But fortunately for the world, he did not have to pass an English test. 	1
6. Deliberate attacks on civilian populations have continued.	0
 It brings to mind a headline I saw recently: "Education: The Great Divide." 	1
The success of the Ottawa process and progress to date in the realization of a universal ban on anti-personnel landmines are major humanitarian achievements.	0
As a result, the operational functions that the Department of Humanitarian Affairs had acquired since its establishment were transferred to other entities within the United Nations system, a process that will be completed shortly.	0
The Iraq Programme was established as a separate office in the Secretariat; the Pisa warehouse is to be transferred to the World Food Programme (WFP); and responsibilities relating to the establishment of a resource centre to serve as a central depository of knowledge and experiences in demobilization and for operational activities for natural disaster prevention, mitigation and preparedness were taken on by UNDP.	0
It's the thing that distinguishes the puppet -- AK: Oops. 	1
These efforts are carried out usually at the specific request of, and in close coordination with, the Inter-Agency Standing Committee and the Executive Committee for Humanitarian Affairs.	0
BJ: And it has these bulkheads made out of plywood, covered with fabric -- curiously similar, in fact, to the plywood canoes that Adrian's father used to make when he was a boy in their workshop. 	1
19. At the same time, the Under-Secretary-General has put in place the structures and working practices of the new Office.	0
AK: In Port Elizabeth, the village outside Port Elizabeth in South Africa. 	1
Further steps are foreseen by the Inter-Agency Standing Committee, including improved training of country teams and sufficient delegation of authority to the field to ensure greater cohesiveness and integration of initiatives.	0
The weight is really difficult when it's up above your head. 	1
28. The Inter-Agency Standing Committee has designated the Emergency Relief Coordinator as the focal point for inter-agency coordination of humanitarian assistance to internally displaced persons, with a focus on global advocacy for both protection and assistance requirements; resource mobilization; promoting global information on internally displaced persons; and support to field operations, including help with the negotiation of access to internally displaced persons.	0
But we didn't realize at the time that we actually needed a third manipulator, because we couldn't manipulate the neck from inside and walk the horse at the same time. 	1
There will be a standing item on internally displaced persons on the agenda of all working group meetings.	0
BJ: So we got a camera, and we posed the puppet in various galloping stances. 	1
Heads of agencies have agreed to share the guiding principles with their respective executive boards, as well as with all their staff, especially those in the field, and to apply them in their activities on behalf of internally displaced persons.	0
This is in the National Theatre studio, the place where they cook new ideas. 	1
47. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs is involved in developing methodologies to address the humanitarian impact of sanctions and to facilitate the processing of humanitarian exemptions.	0
They have to be able to act along with their fellow actors in the production. 	1
The lack of appropriate legal mechanisms represents a substantial problem in this area.	0
And then I started conducting, and I ended up doing my master's degree at the Juilliard School. 	1
In such situations there is a particular need for a coordinated approach by the international community and for a common understanding among aid donors of the principles that will govern aid programmes.	0
I actually wrote, "OMG," hopefully for the last time in public ever. 	1
Their homes may already be occupied by desperate displaced people who have nowhere else to go or by other groups of returnees.	0
We had a million hits in the first month and got a lot of attention for it. 	1
And they have made it clear that reconstruction does not simply mean rebuilding the society as it was before the conflict, but also addressing the socio-economic causes of the conflict.	0
In the post-conflict environment, it is important that structural adjustment programmes should also be “peace-friendly”, and not put at risk the process of rebuilding the social infrastructure.	0
What I'd like to close with then today is the first look at "Sleep" by Virtual Choir 2.0. 	1
If these issues are to be effectively addressed in a comprehensive recovery programme, political peace-building and human rights initiatives need to be integrated with the economic and social activities of the aid community.	0
I'm a huge believer in hands-on education. 	1
First, new efforts are required to strengthen the knowledge of humanitarian principles among combatants in all kinds of conflicts.	0
 And so I want to do a little demo for you. 	1
Letter dated 4 June 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
Then you sit down, and you wait a little while, because this is the Army. 	1
3. To encourage the European Parliament to contribute, along with the United Nations Security Council, to the efforts to bring the peace process to a successful conclusion, including the resettlement of the Saharans under the supervision of international agencies and organizations;	0
Then they go, "Outboard personnel, stand up." 	1
Bethlehem, Palestine, is one of the most historic and religiously significant sites on earth.	0
The Chairman of the Committee on the Exercise of the Inalienable Rights of the Palestinian People also attended this important event.	0
So then you look around, you're under a canopy and you say, "This is good." 	1
It is expected that approximately 2 million visitors will visit Bethlehem to celebrate the historic occasion that will be upon us with the dawning of the year 2000.	0
As indicated above, some United Nations bodies and intergovernmental organizations have already begun contributing to the project.	0
It is the strong hope of the Committee that a constructive debate will take place in the interest of the specified objectives and that wide consultation will pave the way for the unanimous adoption of a General Assembly resolution in this regard.	0
 And I'd look around, and then I'd see another paratrooper, a young guy or girl, and they'd have pulled out their M4 carbine and they'd be picking up their equipment. 	1
(Signed) Mr. Ahmad KAMAL (Signed) M. Ibra Deguene KA	0
And we did an operation, and my company did a dawn attack -- you know, the classic dawn attack: you prepare all night, move to the line of departure. 	1
of Zimbabwe to the United Nations of Georgia to the United Nations	0
The enemy didn't break a sweat doing it. 	1
In October 1996, a representative of the Director-General of UNESCO briefed delegations attending the fifty-first session of the General Assembly on the results of the World Solar Summit and reported officially thereon to the Second Committee of the General Assembly during its examination of the item on sustainable development.	0
So how does a leader stay credible and legitimate when they haven't done what the people you're leading are doing? 	1
In addition, France (in respect of French Guiana, Guadeloupe and Martinique) and the Netherlands Antilles have joined the Association as associate members.	0
I probably learned the most about relationships. 	1
As a regional organization composed of and representing 25 member States which are also Members of the United Nations, ACS is convinced that possession of observer status in the United Nations General Assembly would be extremely beneficial to it.	0
So what does the happiest man in the world look like? 	1
Considering that, accordingly, it is mutually advantageous to provide for cooperation between the United Nations and the Association of Caribbean States,	0
And you do that by measuring the relative activation of the left prefrontal cortex in the fMRI, versus the right prefrontal cortex. 	1
Taking note of the desire of the Association of Caribbean States for the establishment of such cooperation,	0
And Matthieu's happiness measure is off the charts. 	1
(Signed) Mr. Michael John POWLES (Signed) Mr. Ole Peter KOLBY	0
In Google, expressions of corporate compassion almost always follow the same pattern. 	1
Numerous United Nations agencies and bodies (such as the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, United Nations Development Programme, United Nations Environment Programme, United Nations Conference on Trade and Development (UNCTAD), United Nations/Economic Commission for Europe, International Atomic Energy Agency) participate in OECD activities, either as observers or on the basis of invitations to attend particular meetings.	0
These are leaders who are highly ambitious for the greater good. 	1
OECD enjoys observer status in the United Nations Economic and Social Council as well as in UNCTAD, and has working arrangements with certain other economic bodies and organizations in the United Nations family, including the Conferences of the Parties and the Working Groups of several key United Nations Conventions and their preparatory bodies.	0
And because they're ambitious for a greater good, they feel no need to inflate their own egos. 	1
In these circumstances, the concept of “governmental succession” under traditional international law is not at all applicable to the case of the Republic of China.	0
So I'm an engineer by training, but I'm one of the creators and instructors of this course, which I find kind of funny, because this is a company that trusts an engineer to teach emotion intelligence. 	1
In the health field, an outbreak of enteroviral infection attacked children in Taiwan in May and June of this year, resulting in 52 deaths and hundreds of cases of severe complications.	0
The idea here is to train attention to create a quality of mind that is calm and clear at the same time. 	1
Currently the Republic of China is contributing capital to regional development programmes through institutions such as the Asian Development Bank, the Central American Bank for Economic Integration, the Inter-American Development Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development.	0
Because this good will is unconsciously picked up by other people, and it creates trust, and trust creates a lot of good working relationships. 	1
The geographic location of the Republic of China makes it a focal point of the Asia-Pacific region, so its sense of security and its commitment to cooperation and peace are critical to the stability of the region as a whole.	0
And on my seventeenth birthday, my parents, knowing how much I loved speed, gave me one driving lesson for my seventeenth birthday. 	1
Request for the inclusion of an item in the provisional agenda of the fifty-third session	0
Now listen, I wasn't going to say to him, "Well, I wanted to race cars and motorbikes." 	1
In support of UNRWA, Belgium contributed to its education programme, to its programme for the advancement of women, the construction of schools and the hospital in Gaza.	0
And I ran up the stairs, and there was one of my favorite books of all time, "Travels on My Elephant" by Mark Shand -- I don't know if any of you know it. 	1
He enumerated six reasons why the increase in the private sector, which is the leading sector for investment and export, is not happening and provided suggestions to overcome this problem.	0
Six thousand people got to see because of that. 	1
He concluded that in addition to the need for real progress in the peace process, which is significant for economic development, there are certain measures and actions which could enhance economic growth if implemented, such as opening the borders, including the airport and the seaport; securing safe passage between Gaza and the West Bank; harmonizing the judicial system between the West Bank and the Gaza Strip; opening the Carni industrial zone; payments of donors to catch up with their pledges; and other measures.	0
She concluded that under those conditions and given the continuous Israeli damaging measures, the peace process has created a partnership which works to the advantage of one party, Israel, at the expense of the other, namely, the Palestinians. Round table II	0
Of these, 1.7 million were living in the West Bank and 1 million in the Gaza Strip.	0
Overcoming obstacles: the role of the international community	0
And stop with the labels, the limiting. 	1
He concluded by underlining the need for more international capital investment and technical assistance.	0
And slightly more complex things appear. 	1
The complex things get more fragile, more vulnerable; the Goldilocks conditions get more stringent, and it's more difficult to create complexity. 	1
Now, we, as extremely complex creatures, desperately need to know this story of how the universe creates complexity despite the second law, and why complexity means vulnerability and fragility. 	1
And that's the story that we tell in big history. 	1
IV. Living conditions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip	0
You have to survey the whole history of the universe. 	1
Given the complexity and sensitivity of the situation in the region and the multiplicity of factors outside the United Nations system that would be involved during the transitional phase, it would be necessary to establish a specific mechanism to ensure effective coordination and intensification of international assistance to the Palestinians in the occupied territories to meet their immediate and long-term needs.	0
We know above all that it was extremely simple. 	1
The unique position of the United Nations within these coordination mechanisms has enabled the Organization to play an influential role in the development process in the territories.	0
Gravity is more powerful where there's more stuff. 	1
11. In April 1995, the Ad Hoc Liaison Committee established the Joint Liaison Committee, which provides a forum in which economic policy and practical matters related to donor assistance are discussed with the Palestinian Authority.	0
And that is how our solar system was formed, four and a half billion years ago. 	1
As was the case in previous years, the meeting provided a forum for finalizing the document entitled “United Nations programme of cooperation for the West Bank and Gaza Strip”, which outlines United Nations strategies, priorities and plans for the two-year period 1998–1999.	0
Living organisms are created by chemistry. 	1
Until the early 1990s, average Palestinian incomes and living levels grew significantly, but market forces and Israeli policies created distortions in the West Bank and Gaza Strip labour, land and capital markets, thus reducing the viability of Palestinian agriculture, manufacturing and services.	0
In intergalactic space, there's so little energy that atoms can't combine. 	1
Between 1992 and 1996, the unemployment rate has grown from approximately 10 to 30 per cent, with significantly higher rates during periods of closure.	0
It was just the right distance from its star to contain huge oceans of liquid water. 	1
23. The Department of Economic and Social Affairs has been involved in the West Bank and Gaza Strip since 1995 when five project documents were formulated, comprising a comprehensive package of assistance to the Palestinian Authority in the area of public finance and business development.	0
DNA accumulates information through random errors, some of which just happen to work. 	1
29. During the period under review, ILO technical cooperation projects assisted institution-building in labour administration, employment services and occupational safety and health; vocational rehabilitation of disabled persons; and small enterprise development.	0
And it's a story in which humans play an astonishing and creative role. 	1
The programme covers the period 1997–1998 for a total budget of approximately $1.8 million.	0
You'll never see an ad like that because Nike actually wants you to buy their shoes. 	1
In addition, the Office has funded the Women’s Unit Project of the Palestinian Centre for Human Rights.	0
Whoever has the most money gets the loudest voice, dominating the visual and mental environment. 	1
More specific needs include training in human rights for judges, prosecutors and prison personnel; training and fellowships for members of the Human Rights Committee of the Palestinian Legislative Council; training for the police in juvenile justice; strengthening the legal drafting capacity of the Ministry of Justice; support for women’s rights and enactment of relevant legislation; formulation of a national plan of action for human rights; and completion of the police training programme in the West Bank.	0
in developing our relationship with political change, mainly by ignoring politics and focusing on celebrities and scandals, but even when they do talk about important political issues, they do it in a way that I feel discourages engagement. 	1
Canada's currently led by a party that most Canadians didn't actually want. 	1
Issues such as children with special needs, maternal and women’s health and problems of adolescents and youth need greater attention.	0
So, his story. My father was born in Argentina. 	1
This coincided with the time when he threw himself body and soul into chemistry because it was the only consolation for his sadness. 	1
United Nations Institute for Training and Research	0
Over 65 per cent of the households supported by WFP are headed by women.	0
Anyhow, nobody would have followed them, except for a handful [of] men and women of conviction and courage. 	1
A consultant has been seconded to the Department of Community Health at Bir Zeit University to assist in developing the curriculum for a diploma course in primary health care.	0
Going into the first surgery for a recurrence of salivary cancer in 2006, I expected to be out of the hospital in time to return to my movie review show, 'Ebert and Roeper at the Movies.' I had pre-taped enough shows to get me through six weeks of surgery and recuperation. 	1
I saw myself in the mirror and I looked pretty good. 	1
They consider that the programme has successfully achieved its goals.	0
People who need a voice should know that most computers already come with built-in speaking systems. 	1
ACC members wish to emphasize that in the context of national execution, national authorities fully retain their prerogative to resort to United Nations agencies for placements and administration of fellowships if they so wish.	0
Finally came mankind's most advanced and mysterious tool, the computer. 	1
(a) Host Governments are urged to provide or continue to provide the necessary support to their national placement and supervising agencies (NPSAs) so that they can extend free services to United Nations system-sponsored fellows; as a matter of policy, organizations should give priority to securing such free services whenever available, due regard being given to cost-effectiveness and quality control;	0
The programmers said it could assist students in their learning. 	1
Both countries agreed to maintain close contacts at all BSEC forums and to assist one another in all issues related to BSEC activities aimed at making the Black Sea region a zone of peace, stability and prosperity for all nations of the area.	0
RE: Wait. I have one more thing to add. 	1
Within this context, they noted with satisfaction the agreement reached by the coastal States in the Black Sea on the guidelines for negotiating a regional process of confidence- and security-building measures in the naval field and called for the early completions of these negotiations with a view to starting the implementation phase.	0
These requirements have been carefully observed, although non-availability of the software required to produce formatted text in French and Spanish has delayed the final printing of the List in these two languages.	0
In my team, the lives of one or two of my colleagues were tainted by this experience. 	1
It is beyond the scope of the present report to document all the activities that have been undertaken by the United Nations system organizations under chapter 19 of Agenda 21 in the area of environmentally sound management of chemicals. The present report is limited to a description of some of those activities which are most directly relevant to the Consolidated List, although it is recognized that there are wider and important links with other chapters of Agenda 21, such as hazardous waste, freshwater, human health and atmosphere.	0
But in 2007, two remarkable individuals, Shinya Yamanaka of Japan and Jamie Thomson of the United States, made an astounding discovery. 	1
The Forum also made a number of recommendations on the disposal of obsolete chemicals, pesticide risk reduction, and pollution release and transfer registers, and on emerging issues, such as endocrine disrupting substances.	0
This experience taught me to empathize more with my patients, and especially those with retinal diseases. 	1
39. Over the past several years, the risks associated with persistent organic pollutants (POPs) have become of increasing concern to many countries, and have resulted in regional and global action, in addition to national programmes.	0
The first POPs INC session is scheduled for 29 June to 3 July 1998.	0
And back here in the United States, we saw economic despair, deprivation. 	1
46. The importance and usefulness of the Consolidated List for the dissemination of information on hazardous products has long been recognized by Governments, intergovernmental bodies, such as the Commission on Sustainable Development, non-governmental organizations and grass-roots consumer groups, and it should continue to refer to and draw upon all the technical work being accomplished within the system, with references to relevant complementary publications and conventions.	0
And the Chinese gave this small ruling elite loads of military weapons and sophisticated technology in order to ensure that people like me would not speak out against this relationship. 	1
49. Treaties on chemicals, such as the Vienna Convention for the Protection of the Ozone Layer and the Basel Convention on the Control of Transboundary Movements of Hazardous Wastes and their Disposal, including recently concluded negotiations on legally binding instrument on PIC procedure and the proposal to start similar negotiations on POPs, indicate that increased international efforts are under way to protect human health and the environment from the noxious effects of hazardous chemicals.	0
If you ask them, they'll say, "Well, you know the coal, we need the coal. 	1
Gross domestic product (GDP) growth was 7.9 per cent in 1997 and has averaged close to 8 per cent in the five years since 1993.	0
Let me help you with some things that you might be thinking. 	1
Macroeconomic performance deteriorated again in the early 1990s, under the impact of severe drought and sharp rises in inflation, which averaged 50 per cent between 1991 and 1995. Economic growth rebounded in 1993, increasing by 19 per cent during the first year of the peace agreement and the return of rains.	0
And the United States of the world's military spending -- four percent of the world's population. 	1
19. The outlook for 1998 is that Mozambique will continue the trend towards strengthening economic performance.	0
You pass it around. You pass his words around. 	1
31. The Banking sector has undergone significant change. The two state banks – Banco Comercial de Mozambique (Commercial Bank of Mozambique) and Banco Popular de Desenvolvimento (Peoples Development Bank) – were sold to private investors in 1996 and 1997 respectively.	0
We don't see it that way in the United States, but you see it that way. 	1
A similar development corridor is to be launched for Beira in the first quarter of 1998.	0
She's my sister, my wife, my cousin, my neighbor. 	1
These gentlemen here, they're insurgents. 	1
The share of food aid has declined reflecting the end to the emergency period, strong recovery in agricultural production and normal weather conditions.	0
Are they brutal killers or patriotic defenders? 	1
The role of smallholder agriculture as the main source of growth and poverty alleviation for Mozambique was emphasized and the importance of the private sector for sustaining high growth rates stressed.	0
I'm going out to defend your freedom, your lives. 	1
Furthermore, UNESCO implemented activities aiming at raising youth awareness in respect of the need for environment preservation and protection, AIDS prevention and the dangers of alcohol and drug abuse.	0
 So this is one reason, a structural reason, why we get stuck inside this feeling of rightness. 	1
In the area of culture, the action plan for the safeguarding of the World Heritage site Mozambique island has been initiated with the preparation of rehabilitation and community activity projects to be submitted to donors.	0
FAO is also supporting programmes in food security, plant and animal disease and pest control, and natural resource management.	0
Well the wrong side of her body is in bandages because the surgeon has performed a major operation on her left leg instead of her right one. 	1
1. On 9 December 1997, the General Assembly adopted resolution 52/38 E, entitled “Observance of environmental norms in the drafting and implementation of agreements on disarmament and arms control”, operative paragraph 3 of which reads as follows:	0
And we all do this a little differently, which is why we can all look up at the same night sky and see this and also this and also this. 	1
No offense, but this entire conference is an unbelievable monument to our capacity to get stuff wrong. 	1
I've been so impressed by the kindness expressed to me. 	1
There's an air and space level with clouds that are big puffs of cotton we push around and territorial air spaces and air forces, a ground and sea level with thousands of game pieces on it -- even an undersea level with submarines and undersea mining. 	1
1. Under agenda item 2, the Trade and Development Board engaged in a high-level discussion on the topic of "The impact of financial crisis on trade, investment and development: regional perspectives", chaired by Mr. Supachai Panitchpakdi, Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand.	0
But they're also trying to undermine everything in the game. 	1
Agreed conclusions 451 (XLV): The causes, management and prevention of financial crisis	0
See, Mr. Hunter is doing that because he says his time has messed up a lot, and he's trying to tell us how to fix that problem. 	1
Without provocation, suddenly she attacked, against her Prime Minister's orders, the next-door neighbor's oil fields. 	1
She marched into the oil field reserves, surrounded it, without firing a shot, and secured it and held it. 	1
(c) Statement in connection with Board decision 453 (XLV)	0
I would like to talk today about what I think is one of the greatest adventures human beings have embarked upon, which is the quest to understand the universe and our place in it. 	1
Agreed conclusions 454 (XLV): UNCTAD’s contribution to the implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of	0
Full ownership of reforms, founded upon a broad-based national consensus, is a necessary condition for success.	0
Astronomers and cosmologists and physicists think that there is something called dark matter in the universe, which makes up 23 percent of the universe, and something called dark energy, which permeates the fabric of space-time, that makes up another 73 percent. 	1
5. The continued fall in levels of ODA in real terms continues to be a major cause for concern.	0
And physicists came and started using it sometime in the 1980s. 	1
8. Adequate openness to trade and full integration into the international trading system constitute a crucial objective for African countries. However, the timing, sequencing and degree of liberalization should be adjusted to the needs and constraints of African economies as they build up their international competitiveness.	0
It is the largest lake in the world. It's 800 km long. 	1
B. Election of officers2 The officers of the Bureau were elected to serve for a year-long period beginning with the forty-fifth session of the Board.	0
This is a cosmic ray experiment that has been launched all the way to the upper-stratosphere to an altitude of 40 km. 	1
And this particular balloon, because it has to launch two tons of weight, is an extremely huge balloon. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Philippe Merlin (France)	0
Here, they can't do it with the kind shoes they're wearing, so they have to take their shoes off, get barefoot into the boxes, in this cold, and do that kind of work. 	1
4. In accordance with past practice, the Board agreed that the regional coordinators and China, as well as the Chairmen of the Sessional Committees, would be fully associated with the work of the Bureau.	0
G. Administrative and financial implications of the actions of the Board	0
You could feel secure even if you're not. 	1
(c) Adoption of the report on credentials	0
The analytical work should be strengthened with a view to providing a serious basis for operational activities and policy advice for the Palestinian Authority.	0
We tend to exaggerate spectacular and rare risks and downplay common risks -- so flying versus driving. 	1
9. The spokesperson for the African Group (Tunisia) welcomed the increasing emphasis in UNCTAD's assistance to the Palestinian people on concrete operational activities, including close coordination with the Palestinian Authority and the private sector.	0
So once you take up skydiving or smoking, you downplay the risks. 	1
Mention of such a symbol indicates a reference to a United Nations document. ISSN 0255-2213	0
Well a couple of things: understanding of the security, of the risks, the threats, the countermeasures, how they work. 	1
Programme 13. International drug control	0
C. United Nations System-wide Special Initiative for the Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s	0
UNHCR Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees	0
So a nice example of this came from last year and swine flu. 	1
So evidence against our model, we're likely to ignore, even if it's compelling. 	1
19. Concerns were expressed about the late submission of the report.	0
September 11th created a security model in a lot of people's heads. 	1
In that regard, it was noted that there were significant variations among programmes in terms of implementation.	0
In the context of those concerns, paragraph 22 of General Assembly resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997 was recalled.	0
32. As regards subregional cooperation, a question was raised about the selective approach of providing assistance to the Bangladesh-India-Myanmar-Sri Lanka-Thailand economic cooperation initiative, which should have been done through a representative regional organization.	0
But if you think about it, if you are a hospital, and you need to take a baby away from its mother, out of the room to run some tests, you better have some good security theater, or she's going to rip your arm off. 	1
It's important that, if our feelings match reality, we make better security trade-offs. 	1
And a lot of people might use structures like abalone shells, like chalk. 	1
44. Views were expressed that priorities should be established only in the medium-term plan, which is a translation of mandates into programmes and serves as the principal policy directive of the Organization.	0
45. Views were expressed in support of the recommendation that priorities be established in the context of the Secretary-General’s proposed budget outline, rather than the medium-term plan.	0
So when we think about future technologies, we actually think of using bacteria and virus, simple organisms. 	1
It was considered that the budget outline was the logical place to include priorities because it provided direct guidance to the Secretary-General on resource allocation in his proposed programme budget.	0
Can you convince them to work with a new toolbox, so that they can build a structure that will be important to me? 	1
55. The Committee recommended approval of the proposed revisions to programme 1, Political affairs, of the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, subject to the following modifications:	0
And they can pull calcium out of the environment, put down a layer of calcium and then carbonate, calcium and carbonate. 	1
The book starts like this. This is the cover. 	1
At the end of the two-year period, new requests from member States can thus be addressed through the establishment of new ad hoc groups of experts, while not inflating the intergovernmental structure of the Commission.	0
Replace subparagraph 20.9 (b) with the following:	0
And if you were to just poke a hole over here and put a third matchstick, you'll get a T joint. 	1
(b) Policy commitment and necessary technical support for disaster reduction practices, including through the appropriate application of science and technology at the country and regional levels;	0
And if I were to poke all the three legs of this in the three vertices of this triangle, I would make a tetrahedron. 	1
117. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced programme 23 and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.	0
You can make a joint of four. You can make a joint of six. 	1
(d) At the end of paragraph 23.8, add and the views of the host Governments;	0
The view was expressed that performance indicators, as well as the related follow-up actions, were important.	0
You see insects, you see frogs, snakes, eagles, butterflies, frogs, snakes, eagles. 	1
There have been six major research papers on this. 	1
157. At its 14th and 15th meetings, on 12 June 1998, the Committee considered revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.	0
And you can see, this LED is going to glow. 	1
170. The view was expressed that the Department should address the issue of the recent financial turmoil in Asia, particularly with a view to enhancing the understanding of policy makers to cope with such phenomena in the future.	0
I first learned that my son had been in the World Trade Center on the morning of September 11th, 2001. 	1
I was still in deep grief; I knew I didn't have the strength. 	1
28.8 (c) To contribute to the development and strengthening of human rights mechanisms dealing specifically with women’s human rights, including the provision of technical support for the working group on the Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, or the increased use of existing mechanisms, in particular in the context of the coordination and follow-up to the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;	0
I don't know if he's alive. I don't know if he's tortured. 	1
So that's why I decided to tell my story, so that my suffering is something positive for other women. 	1
178. Owing to the lack of time, the Committee decided to continue its consideration of this question at the second part of its thirty-eighth session.	0
The Committee received details showing that all the mandates and objectives of the former subprogrammes had been maintained in the relevant subprogrammes of section 7A; the scope of technical cooperation activities in the Department should be viewed in conjunction with the activities described in section 21, Regular programme of technical cooperation.	0
So, Aicha, do you have a couple of words for conclusion? 	1
It was emphasized that it was essential for the Organization to explain the role and range of its public information activities.	0
204. It was noted that there was a good balance in the new narrative between traditional and electronic media.	0
What I'm looking for is a way to give the material the qualities that I need. 	1
The Committee expressed concern that, without such indicators in the programme narrative, eventual evaluation could not fully determine the relevance, efficiency, effectiveness and impact of the programme.	0
208. The Committee further decided to recommend to the General Assembly the approval of the new programme narrative for section 26, Public information, subject to the following modifications:	0
Finally, at the end of use, we could biodegrade it naturally along with your vegetable peelings. 	1
It was observed that the prevalence of earmarked voluntary contributions in funding the Programme activities was the source of additional difficulties.	0
Keeping the universe very, very smooth at early times is not easy; it's a delicate arrangement. 	1
233. It was regretted that terrorism had not been covered in the in-depth evaluation report, despite its high-priority nature as identified in the medium-term plan.	0
It's not true that we've figured it out by now. 	1
While it was noted with satisfaction that the Resource Centre had been established, there was concern that the problems which were preventing the full use of the resources had not been addressed as yet.	0
It's just the idea that empty space itself has energy. 	1
It was observed that a recommendation should have been made on procurement, as this area needed a lot of improvement.	0
Some people thought that the universe would recollapse in the future. 	1
It was also reiterated that there was need for greater interaction between the Committee and the organizations and agencies of the system, and reference was made to the joint meetings of the Committee for Programme and Coordination and the Administrative Committee on Coordination, which were discontinued by force of General Assembly resolution 50/227 of 24 May 1996.	0
Even if you left our galaxy out, you would not get a hundred billion other galaxies. 	1
An egg, an unbroken egg, is a low entropy configuration, and yet, when we open our refrigerator, we do not go, "Hah, how surprising to find this low entropy configuration in our refrigerator." 	1
The usefulness of Economic and Social Council agreed conclusion 1997/2 on gender mainstreaming was emphasized.	0
And they'd say, "Well, because they want to survive." 	1
And here we are diving in the Beaufort Sea. 	1
351. The Committee recommended that recommendations 3, 7, 8, 11 to 13, 17 and 18 be considered by the relevant bodies dealing with administrative and budgetary questions before the General Assembly takes a final decision on these recommendations.	0
Even though that spirit bear moment was powerful, I don't think I'll ever have another experience like I did with these leopard seals. 	1
Improving the working methods and procedures of the Committee for Programme and Coordination within the framework of its mandate	0
The discussion of the item focused on the issues set out below.	0
And so people love to form their opinions. 	1
There should, therefore, be no distinction between the role of the members of the Committee and the observers, except in the case of voting, as stipulated in paragraph 3 of rule 72 of the rules of procedure of the Economic and Social Council.	0
Participation as an observer in the deliberations can serve as a transitional stage for members and is, therefore, necessary and welcome.	0
All the leopard seal was doing -- it's just biting a balloon. 	1
369. The Committee recommended that the secretariat of the Committee be responsible for the timely submission of all documentation and that it monitor the progress of preparation of documentation, submitting a detailed report to the Committee at the start of the session.	0
 So that's all I had to work with at that point. 	1
(c) Proposed revisions to the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation;	0
What had happened was another seal had snuck in behind me, and she did that to threat display. 	1
3. The following States members of the Committee were represented at the second part of the thirty-eighth session: Argentina Austria Bahamas	0
It's sustainable; it's a sustainable material that is processed all in water and at room temperature -- and is biodegradable with a clock, so you can watch it dissolve instantaneously in a glass of water or have it stable for years. 	1
Views were expressed that one-time costs in the biennium 1998–1999 amounting to $1.9 million and 1998–1999 appropriations for special political missions amounting to $61.9 million had been excluded in the preliminary estimate.	0
15. Concern was expressed about the continued reduction in the budget during the past consecutive bienniums.	0
And then you detach the protein and you get this film, as the proteins find each other as the water evaporates. 	1
It was pointed out that “efficient” did not mean “cheap”.	0
 And the most remarkable feat is that my hand actually stayed still long enough to do that. 	1
18. Views were expressed that the General Assembly, in its resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, had created a new section 34 on the Development Account in the regular budget.	0
And then you go a little crazy, and so you do various optical components or you do microprism arrays, like the reflective tape that you have on your running shoes. 	1
In this regard, it was noted with concern that the major increase, in terms of percentage, in the proposed preliminary estimate was allocated to the Office of Internal Oversight Services, which was not a priority area approved by the General Assembly.	0
The question should be the subject of analysis and should continue to be considered.	0
And so you have here a little example of a small skull -- what we call mini Yorick. 	1
(c) The priorities should be those proposed by the Secretary-General, as approved by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/219;	0
It doesn't taste good, so I'm going to need some help with that. 	1
The view was also expressed that the revisions of subprogramme 6.2 should have reflected the leadership role of the United Nations Development Programme at the national level through the United Nations Development Assistance Framework process, and that the role of ECA was to contribute to the process at the field level.	0
And what you see is that the film on the bottom releases what is inside it. 	1
The Second Tokyo International Conference on African Development is scheduled for October 1998 and will aim at furthering African development based on the principle of ownership and partnership, focusing on such areas as education and health care, women empowerment and agricultural and private sector development, some of which are also priority areas of the New Agenda.	0
When I grew up and realized that science fiction was not a good source for superpowers, I decided instead to embark on a journey of real science, to find a more useful truth. 	1
(c) In paragraph 6.8 (a), after United Nations agencies replace to the implementation with at the regional level in the context;	0
Outside of this room, more than a third of us smile more than 20 times per day, whereas less than 14 percent of us smile less than five. 	1
(d) In paragraph 6.8 (b), replace To facilitate with To contribute to the implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s in facilitating;	0
(c) Contain the Secretary-General’s proposals on priorities;	0
With these little macho games we would sometimes play -- and he didn't only play them with me, he played them with all sorts of people -- he would almost always win. 	1
 The truth of the matter is that a Feynman sandwich had a load of ham, but absolutely no baloney. 	1
And they were full of all kinds of jargon. 	1
Programme 13. International drug control;	0
But the amazing thing was -- Feynman had to leave a little early. 	1
And the amazing thing is these guys were flying. 	1
“9. Urges all States parties to the Treaty to assist the Secretary-General accordingly by providing information and drawing his attention to suitable sources”.	0
Dick and I had a certain, a little bit of a rapport. 	1
United Nations Disarmament Information Programme	0
In the 1950s, people were trying to figure out how superfluid helium worked. 	1
5. Because of staffing constraints that persisted throughout all the reporting period, the traditional publications programme was somewhat reduced in terms of type of publication and frequency of issuance, as indicated below.	0
I've always wondered whether the professionals, the real professional helium physicists, were just a little bit embarrassed by this. 	1
It can be expected that the trend towards closer and more active involvement by non-governmental organizations in disarmament questions will have implications for the development of United Nations disarmament information activities.	0
And that's that all the sensations, feelings, decisions and actions are mediated by the computer in your head called the brain. 	1
27. During the period under review, the Department of Public Information provided extensive coverage on various aspects of disarmament and related issues in news bulletins and current affairs magazines, including the Conference on Disarmament at Geneva; the negotiation and signing of the Comprehensive Nuclear Test-Ban Treaty; Iraq and UNSCOM operations; the impact of landmines, the Oslo Conference and United Nations efforts for demining; the Chemical Weapons Convention; nuclear waste and contamination; and the proliferation of weapons in Africa.	0
29. Through its regular publications, UN Chronicle, Yearbook of the United Nations and United Nations in Brief, the Department of Public Information has routinely provided information on disarmament.	0
Now in the 20th century, there was some hope that was generated through the development of pharmaceuticals for treating brain disorders, and while many drugs have been developed that can alleviate symptoms of brain disorders, practically none of them can be considered to be cured. 	1
Seventy-five thousand people have Parkinson's deep-brain stimulators implanted. 	1
And since, in the last 20 years, I've developed a studio in London. 	1
Housing construction for Israelis in East Jerusalem, occupied since 1967, has been critical to the overall growth of the city.	0
16. In this context, there are regions such as the Jordan Valley where a direct link may be established between the loss of Palestinians’ agricultural opportunities and Israeli settlements.	0
But recently, any annual report of a power company doesn't have a power station on it. 	1
The number of Palestinian workers in Israel dropped from an average of 120,000 on a monthly basis in 1992 to an average of about 25,000 in 1996.28	0
But how could we show these teeny-weeny things? 	1
A further substantial increase in total bank deposits is not, however, expected to take place before a successful conclusion of final status negotiations.	0
And to make the project affordable, we focused our energy. 	1
This resulted in the freezing of the number of rooms at Arab-owned hotels in East Jerusalem at their 1967 level while the number of rooms at hotels operating in the rest of the West Bank and Gaza Strip declined.	0
And with a million people there a day, it just felt like offering some public space. 	1
11 Central Bureau of Statistics, Statistical Abstract of Israel, 1995 and 1992.	0
It's the symptom of a tumor or an infection or an inflammation or an operation. 	1
37 Syrian Arab Republic, Ministry of Foreign Affairs, “Report on Israeli practices against human rights of Syrian citizens in the occupied Syrian Golan” (June 1997), pp. 12-20.	0
But the worst part was, not the spontaneous pain that was there 24 hours a day. 	1
51 Yediot Aharanot, 21 March 1996, as quoted in “Report on Israeli practices against human rights of Syrian citizens in the occupied Syrian Golan” ..., p. 9.	0
But it turns out the glial cells have a vital role in the modulation, amplification and, in the case of pain, the distortion of sensory experiences. 	1
It called upon Iraq to cooperate fully with the Special Commission and to enable the Special Commission to perform its tasks in accordance with the modalities set forth in the Security Council resolutions relating to its work.	0
 So, if we could have the lights down and have it as dark in here as possible, I have a flask that has bioluminescent plankton in it. 	1
The Council called upon the international community to adopt concrete deterrent measures in order to counter Iraq's constant defiance of the relevant Security Council resolutions.	0
So that light was made by a bioluminescent dinoflagellate, a single-celled alga. 	1
Third, great national unity as one nation should be promoted by transcending differences in ideas, ideals and systems.	0
The motive of the Japanese imperialists for committing the forced drafting and kidnapping lies in the fact that it was a direct result of the adventurous war of aggression provoked by Japan itself.	0
Over 200,000 people were drafted through this recruitment method.	0
You see the holding patterns that start to develop in the bottom of the screen. 	1
Although about 100-200 villagers in all gathered there, we could only get four or five women draftees for the ‘voluntary service corps’.	0
And the other nerdy side of me thought, "This is horrible. This is completely bizarre. 	1
I asked people to draw a sheep facing to the left. 	1
We also recommended and sent many personnel to the Japanese islands, Manchuria, China and the south Pacific, not excepting Korea.” (“Policy rule in Korea during the end of the Pacific War” pp. 155-156)	0
Sheep were the first animal to be raised from mechanically processed byproducts, the first to be selectively bred for production traits, the first animal to be cloned. 	1
And this was the inspiration for a project that I worked on with my friend Takashi Kawashima. 	1
People, if they drew a stick figure or a smiley face, it actually made it into the bill. 	1
2. We share the common view that in the twenty-first century the role of the Black Sea region, both in world politics and in the global economy, will grow substantially, owing to its strategic location and vast economic potential.	0
You type in your code, but you first test your mic. 	1
We made a music video for one of my favorite bands, Radiohead. 	1
11. We call upon national parliaments to ratify, accept or approve the Charter of the Organization as soon as possible, being convinced that the Parliamentary Assembly of BSEC will also assist in this respect.	0
So we put the idea on the back burner for a few months. 	1
One is the beginning of the music video. 	1
The Republic of Belarus is keenly interested in the development of international cooperation in the above-mentioned field.	0
And then this is, again, the abstract version, which ends up getting a little bit crazy. 	1
– Control and interdiction of trafficking and distribution;	0
And not only that, but when they came into these countries, then they got on commercial jetliners probably and they traveled even farther to other places like Russia, where, for the first time in over a decade last year, children were crippled and paralyzed by a disease that they had not seen for years. 	1
Now all of these outbreaks that I just showed you, these are under control now, and it looks like they'll probably stop very, very quickly. 	1
In relation to the recommendation contained in the Secretary-General's report on small arms for the convening of an international conference on the illicit arms trade, the Colombian Government's view is that such a conference should be held as soon as possible.	0
It approves of the main recommendations, particularly the one contained in paragraph 80 (k) concerning the convening of an international conference on the illicit arms trade in all its aspects.	0
Accordingly, control, by means of international legislation, over the production, distribution and transfer to such entities is the basis for solving the problems caused.	0
The second challenge we had was -- in contrast to the smallpox vaccine, which was very stable, and a single dose protected you for life -- the polio vaccine is incredibly fragile. 	1
In our view, there is a need for a panel of experts to make a detailed study of that region.	0
He was sitting outside of the road, watching one of these polio campaigns unfold, and a few months later he wrote: "This is foreign aid at its most heroic." 	1
As a matter of policy, the Government of New Zealand does not approve the export of small arms to areas of regional tension.	0
Russia also agrees that it is essential to disarm former combatants in areas of conflict, and to collect and destroy their weapons as a major condition for the normalization of the situation.	0
The Code includes the commitment of each European Union member State to use its best endeavours to encourage other arms-exporting States to subscribe to the principles of the Code.	0
We have the chance to write an entirely new polio-free chapter in human history. 	1
In principle, the European Union supports the recommendation of the Panel to consider the possibility of convening an international conference on the illicit arms trade in all its aspects, based on the issues identified in the report.	0
Despite the fact that there are no quick solutions to the small arms problem, the United States, in cooperation with others in the international community, has embarked in earnest on a search for solutions at all levels.	0
BA: The four places where you saw, that we've never stopped -- northern Nigeria, northern India, the southern corner of Afghanistan and bordering areas of Pakistan -- they're going to be the toughest. 	1
Therefore, we don't find the moral, emotional, psychological and political space to distance ourselves from the reality of social responsibility. 	1
Also, people like myself, we're fighting two battles on different grounds. 	1
The United Nations has been playing a central role in enhancing international awareness regarding the problems and initiating international action-oriented efforts.	0
We are there to inspire, to provoke, to mobilize, to bring hope to our people. 	1
The Lessons Learned Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the United Nations Secretariat is expected to study the past experiences of the previous peacekeeping operations in accordance with the report of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations this year.	0
5. In connection with paragraph (c) above, the United Nations Group of Governmental Experts is tasked to consider and make recommendations to the Secretary-General on “the possibility of an international conference on illicit arms trade in all its aspects”, taking into account those views submitted to the Secretary-General by Member States.	0
This book is banned, and she spent five years in prison. 	1
However, such an unprecedented and unique opportunity should not necessarily be confined to the narrow fields, but could cover the whole range of the issues of small arms which the Group of Experts is currently dealing with, including the problems of disarmament, demobilization and economic development of post-conflict areas.	0
I made this film because I felt it's important for it to speak to the Westerners about our history as a country. 	1
General and complete disarmament: small arms	0
These are some of the images of the coup. 	1
In the near future, similar agreements will be signed with Greece and Romania, and agreements with Argentina, Croatia, Georgia, Armenia, Hungary, Mongolia, the Republic of Moldova, France and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland are being prepared.	0
A few weeks ago, I had a chance to go to Saudi Arabia. 	1
Permits for each individual foreign trade transaction with arms or dual-use goods and technologies are issued by a special commission at the Ministry of Trade and Tourism.	0
And I noticed this in a very funny way. 	1
Maybe it's a Middle Eastern culture that became confused with Islam. 	1
Regionally, disarmament programmes, the demobilization of ex-combatants and reductions in military-industrial complexes are constrained by the existence of large amounts of poorly regulated and indiscriminately used light weapons and small arms.	0
But actually when you look at female circumcision, you see that it has nothing to do with Islam, it's just a North African practice, which predates Islam. 	1
It also concentrates efforts to ensure the lawful and proper use of licensed firearms.	0
But one thing was curious: most of those problems turn out to be problems that emerged later, not from the very divine core of Islam, the Koran, but from, again, traditions and mentalities, or the interpretations of the Koran that Muslims made in the Middle Ages. 	1
In that regard, the formal cooperation agreement between South Africa and Mozambique has resulted in more than 100 tons of small arms and ammunition being destroyed on site in Mozambique.	0
That interpretation is quite possible and feasible. 	1
CPC Committee for Programme and Coordination	0
But the pro-E.U. sentiment in Turkey in the past decade has become almost an Islamic cause and supported by the Islamic liberals and the secular liberals as well, of course. 	1
But this is a promising era in the Muslim world. 	1
10. The following States members of the Committee were represented:	0
What NFB wanted was not a vehicle that can drive a blind person around, but a vehicle where a blind person can make active decisions and drive. 	1
Well, it's a rather complex system, but let me try to explain it, maybe simplify it. 	1
We have perception, computation and non-visual interfaces. 	1
28. Concern was raised, in reference to paragraph 58 (c) of the report, as to why resources were not redeployed to high-priority areas or subprogrammes to ensure that such high-priority programmes were fully implemented.	0
So we trained them to be able to do three separate words, to lay out them properly. 	1
The Committee concluded that in future performance reports, more emphasis should be placed on qualitative analysis to reflect achievements in implementing programme activities.	0
Black people are just as happy as white people are. 	1
In view of this, the Committee recommended that overall coordination of the work of the Organization be undertaken when the programmes are formulated.	0
If I look at my own life, I'm born in 1962 in Austria. 	1
At the same time, it was noted that there were also difficulties with establishing priorities at the subprogramme level because of the new structure of the medium-term plan, whereby many subprogrammes now replaced previous programmes.	0
And so even if we make those very important decisions it remains statistically true that there are more Georges living in Georgia and there are more Dennises becoming dentists and there are more Paulas who are married to Paul than statistically viable. 	1
The view was further expressed that in the legislative mandate of subprogramme 1.1, Assembly resolutions 52/13 and 52/15 should be added.	0
Working on projects that actually have visible impacts, like a book for a deceased German artist whose widow came to us with the requirement to make her late husband famous. 	1
55. The Committee recommended approval of the proposed revisions to programme 1, Political affairs, of the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, subject to the following modifications:	0
And from that point of view we turned it into a lovely project. 	1
The view was expressed that paragraph 2.22 should be reformulated or that references should be deleted to: “constructive dialogue with the international community at large”, “information on technology”, “advocacy in support of a global ban on landmines” and the “development and implementation of a comprehensive resource mobilization strategy”.	0
We've got to get our hero, Captain Willard, to the mouth of the Nung River so he can go pursue Colonel Kurtz. 	1
(b) Replace proposed new paragraph 2.22 with the following:	0
That's the kind of power we have because of all of the data that we have. 	1
63. The representative of the Secretary-General introduced programme 3 and responded to queries raised during the Committee’s consideration of the programme.	0
Now I see some puzzled looks like, "Why are you asking us what's the right thing to do? 	1
70. At its 18th meeting, on 16 June 1998, the Committee considered the proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.	0
Or should we respect his privacy, protect his dignity and leave him alone? 	1
It was considered that the narrative of the two new subprogrammes was clear and had been drafted in accordance with the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programming Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.	0
81. At its 23rd meeting, on 26 June 1998, the Committee decided to request the Secretary-General to update programme 6: Africa New Agenda for Development, and to consider the proposed revisions at the second part of its thirty-eighth session.	0
In other words, it's kind of random, kind of ad hoc, how we figure out what we should do. 	1
Insert and cooperation after partnership	0
It's an objective truth about the form of two, the abstract form. 	1
Programme 16. Economic development in Europe	0
When you have two of anything -- two eyes, two ears, two noses, just two protrusions -- those all partake of the form of two. 	1
However, it was pointed out that, in the introductory paragraphs of the proposed revisions to programme 16, the so-called “sunset”clause was mentioned.	0
For example, some ECE norms and conventions in the field of transport had been adopted by a number of those countries.	0
Programme 17. Economic and social development in Latin America and the Caribbean	0
Aristotle said, "We should seek only so much precision in each subject as that subject allows." 	1
It had before it proposals in respect of programme 18, Economic and social development in Western Asia.	0
It does something intrinsic to the act. 	1
The Committee was informed that the views of the member States of the Commission on the revisions would be sought in the context of the report on the activities of the Commission that is dispatched to them in the years when the Commission does not meet.	0
You just look at the consequences and see if, overall, it's for the good or for the worse. 	1
20.9 Subject to the outcome of the end of the Decade review to be carried out by the General Assembly, the objectives of the subprogramme in the interim, through 31 December 1999, which would be pursued within a coordinated and concerted inter-agency approach, would be to promote:	0
Replace subparagraph 20.9 (b) with the following:	0
(b) Policy commitment and necessary technical support for disaster reduction practices, including through the appropriate application of science and technology at the country and regional levels;	0
116. At its 13th meeting, on 11 June 1998, the Committee considered the proposed revisions to the medium-term plan for the period 1998–2001.	0
129. In connection with the proposed revision contained in paragraphs 24.2 and 24.7, it was stressed that the Secretariat, in seeking to achieve the objectives of the programme, should ensure that those objectives were achieved according to the guidelines established by the General Assembly and resolutions of legislative bodies and on the basis of existing rules and regulations.	0
So imagine that right now you went and you found your musician friend. 	1
135. The Committee also decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the revisions to programme 24 be reviewed by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.	0
I was very fortunate early in my career. 	1
Michael Crichton really was one of the first people to talk about bringing dinosaurs back to life. 	1
149. The proposed revisions were generally supported in view of the work undertaken by the Department of General Assembly Affairs and Conference Services and the efforts demonstrated in improving its work.	0
  And probably a whole bunch of trees as well. 	1
The Committee received details showing that all the mandates and objectives of the former subprogrammes had been maintained in the relevant subprogrammes of programme 28.	0
Replace the paragraph with paragraph 8.8 (d) of the current medium-term plan	0
196. It was observed that some of the activities under subprogramme 1, Promotional services, and subprogramme 2, Information services, appeared to be similar and thus required clarification.	0
So we raised this 45,000-pound steel ring. 	1
It was also pointed out that the overall guidance referred to in paragraph 26.4 (a) was provided by the intergovernmental bodies, and not by the Secretariat, and that the latter was to follow those guidelines.	0
So I developed a relationship with an industrial fishnet factory, learned the variables of their machines, and figured out a way to make lace with them. 	1
It was noted that another edition of the Forum would be organized by the Department in 1998.	0
 This intersection had been bland and anonymous. 	1
204. It was noted that there was a good balance in the new narrative between traditional and electronic media.	0
Historic Philadelphia City Hall: its plaza, I felt, needed a material for sculpture that was lighter than netting. 	1
(a) At the end of the second sentence of paragraph 26.1, add and 52/70 of 10 December 1997.	0
There was no software that could extrude these complex net forms and model them with gravity. 	1
230. The Committee emphasized that the realignment of the Centre for International Crime Prevention with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme should result in better coordination between these entities and should produce important synergies, while safeguarding the multidisciplinary aspects of drug control policy.	0
Imagine what the iPhone 8 will be able to do. 	1
237. It was noted with satisfaction that the Programme included a regional adviser for Asia and the Pacific based at the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific and funded from extrabudgetary sources, and that significant substantive contributions were being made under this arrangement.	0
We have the ability to do more powerful things with them. 	1
238. The view was expressed that the Centre for International Crime Prevention should also explore the possibility of cooperating with subregional organizations having responsibilities for crime prevention and criminal justice wherever they existed.	0
They're really approaching, in many cases surpassing, the ability of the human mind. 	1
We can actually now visit our patients robotically -- this is the RP7; if I'm a hematologist, visit another clinic, visit a hospital. 	1
259. The importance of environmental assessment was noted, including monitoring to facilitate response to environmental emergencies, an issue addressed in several recommendations of the in-depth evaluation.	0
A whole gamut of these technologies are being put together. 	1
265. The Committee was of the view that UNEP should fully implement the recommendations contained in the in-depth evaluation.	0
And I would argue, in the future, we'll have wearable devices in our clothes, monitoring ourselves 24/7. 	1
It was also reiterated that there was need for greater interaction between the Committee and the organizations and agencies of the system, and reference was made to the joint Committee for Programme and Coordination/Administrative Committee on Coordination meetings, discontinued by force of General Assembly resolution 50/227 of 24 May 1996.	0
And I think some of these technologies will enable us to be more connected with our patients, and take more time and actually do the important human touch elements of medicine, as augmented by these sorts of technologies. 	1
In this regard, an ACC publication on common themes of the reform processes in the United Nations system was looked forward to.	0
And we're entering an era of really, truly scarless surgery called NOTES, where the robotic endoscope can come out the stomach and pull out that gallbladder all in a scarless way and robotically. 	1
277. With respect to the programme of work of ACC, the view was expressed that attention should continue to be given to the full implementation of United Nations global conferences and summits as a framework for addressing developmental issues, including poverty eradication.	0
Clearly the obesity trend is exponentially going in the wrong direction, including with huge costs. 	1
Accordingly, the Committee took note of paragraph 11 of General Assembly resolution 52/100, in which the Assembly requested all bodies that deal with programme and budgetary matters, including the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to ensure that all programmes, medium-term plans and programme budgets visibly mainstream a gender perspective.	0
And we're entering the era of personalized oncology, the ability to leverage all of this data together, analyze the tumor and come up with a real, specific cocktail for the individual patient. 	1
I invented a device called the MarrowMiner, a much less invasive way for harvesting bone marrow. 	1
315. Regarding the specific recommendations made by the Committee at its previous session,4 satisfaction was expressed at the public awareness role exercised by the Secretary-General, but concern was voiced as to whether the Office of the Special Coordinator for Africa and the Least Developed Countries, ECA and UNDP had properly carried out their tasks in that respect.	0
And we're integrating this now with a whole era of cellular engineering, and integrating exponential technologies for essentially 3D organ printing -- replacing the ink with cells and essentially building and reconstructing a 3D organ. 	1
324. The Committee considered that those results were interesting and constituted some progress compared with the previous situation.	0
And worst of all, it just came out three weeks ago, many of you have seen it, The Economist. 	1
It was pointed out that different types of publications were not classified in the report.	0
In case some of you forgot what play is, this is what play looks like. 	1
Concerning recommendation 9, on the subject of requests for new publications subsequent to those approved in the programme budget and the incorporation of a time-frame, strong opposition was expressed to a “sunset rule” and to the recommendation.	0
The view was also expressed, however, that a decision on recommendation 9 be deferred until the General Assembly had decided on the Secretary-General’s proposal regarding the sunset rule.	0
It was emphasized that substantive departments should take responsibility for their publications.	0
372. In accordance with paragraph 8 of the annex to Economic and Social Council resolution 2008 LX of 14 May 1976, the thirty-ninth session of the Committee shall be of four weeks’ duration.	0
Kids play, we play -- of every nationality, of every race, of every color, of every religion. 	1
We do it for fun, or as Olympians, or as professionals. 	1
E/1998/21 Annual overview report of the Administrative Committee on Coordination for 1997	0
IV. Building bridges between civil society and the United Nations	0
Play increases productivity, not decreases. 	1
The present report is submitted pursuant to the request contained in that decision.	0
Two, I've tried it. I've tried at Sciant. 	1
These facts vividly illustrate the universal movement towards greater citizen action, sometimes described as the “global associational revolution”, which has characterized the past few years.	0
It also attempts to answer a number of important questions which have arisen in this regard, such as the need for the United Nations to ensure a balanced geographical representation among its partners in civil society, or ways in which it can respond to the growing demands of NGOs for of access to information and increased participation.	0
Second of all, if you don't have the feeling of play in you, you need to rediscover play. 	1
The functions of facilitating the consultative process with and disseminating information to the non-governmental community are the responsibility of two offices of the Secretariat, namely, the NGO Section of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the NGO Section of the Department of Public Information.	0
The color of the lights indicates which sound I am playing. 	1
NGOs which meet certain criteria are recommended by the Working Group to the Policy and Planning Committee for approval.	0
But like any long length of charged wire, it also inadvertently became an antenna. 	1
These provisions were completed in 1960 by a set of Directives adopted by the General Conference.	0
Fifty years on from Watson's accidental encounter with the Sun, Jansky's careful listening ushered in a new age of space exploration: the radio astronomy age. 	1
The problem is not the things we feel victims of. 	1
A tangible step in that process is the agreement by UNHCR and NGOs on the concept of and the need for an operational partnership agreement.	0
In addition, both the Emergency and Technical Sections of UNHCR have a number of formal stand-by arrangements with NGOs for the provision of staff in the early days of an emergency.	0
Let's think about Mexican streets: they're unsafe because of violence, so people stay at home. 	1
41. Cooperation between IFAD and NGOs effectively began in 1980 with the Fund’s support to the Small Farmer Agricultural Credit Project in Bangladesh.	0
To date, 107 grants have been extended and 228 NGOs have been involved since 1977 in the implementation of IFAD projects.	0
The procedures determine the role of NGOs as executing agents, project appraisal and approval criteria, implementation standards, and financial management, accounting and reporting.	0
It means it's determined and effective, but not violent. 	1
In 1997, 47 per cent of projects approved anticipated some degree of involvement by NGOs.	0
51. The Section also organizes weekly briefings for NGO representatives at United Nations Headquarters, highlighting a different issue of priority concern to the Organization each week.	0
An average of 200 NGO representatives participate in this direct exchange of information on United Nations activities between United Nations experts, representatives of Member States and representatives of NGOs.	0
Similarly, in order to promote local NGO participation and ensure long-term benefits of food aid assistance, WFP requests international NGOs to involve local partners in their activities.	0
First, there's a group of people who are very passionate in their belief that the Indus script does not represent a language at all. 	1
Thus, since the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development in 1992, the Service has raised funds to finance and facilitate the participation in United Nations meetings or conferences of over 700 NGO representatives, almost entirely from developing nations.	0
And so it was then that I realized there was an opportunity for me to collaborate with these scientists, and so I jumped at that opportunity. 	1
In order for the United Nations to interact better with NGOs and to continue to cooperate with them in a mutually beneficial relationship, it needs to learn more about this complex and expanding universe.	0
Currently, NGO representatives can only sit in the public balcony from which they cannot access document distribution counters and where acoustic and technical problems sometimes impede them from following important debates on matters of direct relevance to their work with the United Nations.	0
There's a lot of these texts that are damaged. 	1
Oversight bodies may wish to revisit such studies with a view to formulating specific recommendations facilitating management improvements.	0
This suggests that the same script, the Indus script, could be used to write different languages. 	1
Some ACC member organizations are of the opinion that the most effective and appropriate way of disseminating good practices in oversight, as in other areas of system-wide concern, is by the continued use of the ACC sub-machinery.	0
The results we have so far seem to point to the conclusion that the Indus script probably does represent language. 	1
Some organizations are concerned that there are issues of confidentiality and organization-specific issues that may make a system-wide approach inappropriate.	0
The main principles for the peaceful solution of the conflict through negotiations were approved by 53 States at the Lisbon summit of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe in December of 1996.	0
Implementation of General Assembly resolution 50/225	0
None of the techniques that these people have developed over the course of the last 20 years is in any of those books. 	1
In order to learn them, you have to go work in those restaurants. 	1
Furthermore, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit to it at its fifty-third session a report on public administration and development containing information on the implementation of its resolution 50/225.	0
Most of the time is kind of sitting there. 	1
Will citizens flourish in the global economy or be marginalized?	0
Buying mesquite charcoal will not actually make that much difference. 	1
To achieve better social service delivery, some Governments are instituting alternative mechanisms, such as contracting out to the private sector or to non-governmental organizations.	0
But to make them palatable, we cut it out of a steel plate and put it in front of a fire and photographed it like this. 	1
When applied to current operations, performance management systems need to include full-cost accounting and strategic planning, thereby linking current operations to past and future operations.	0
15. As a result of the reform measures, the activities of the Secretariat in the field of public administration and finance were integrated with the other core components of the economic and social sector, such as sustainable development, social development, population, advancement of women etc., thus adding the dimension of institutional strengthening, management improvement and human resources development to these components.	0
So that's the place where you really want to cook. 	1
19. In particular, through the use of information technology, an Internet Web site has been established for the purpose of facilitating access to information, customizing and disseminating best practices, providing an international forum for exchange of experiences, providing on-line advisory services and technical advice, and maintaining a global network of institutions, both governmental and non-governmental, which cooperate with the Secretariat in this field.	0
The workshop discussed the gradual shift to budgeting outputs and outcomes as well as expenditures, but also highlighted the concern that the best practices of the developed countries are not necessarily good models for developing countries.	0
And the reason that sexual reproduction is so important -- there are lots of other things that plants can do to reproduce. 	1
The objective of the Symposium was to foster awareness and appreciation in developing countries of the advanced state of the art of information technologies for the improvement of performance in the public sector.	0
They reached the conclusion that performance contracting was an important and useful tool in improving public enterprise performance, regardless of whether the sector was scheduled for privatization.	0
The insects and other species can take the pollen, transfer it directly to where it's required. 	1
There's a symbiotic relationship there, whether it's flies or birds or bees, they're getting something in return, and that something in return is generally nectar. 	1
The publication covers critical subjects, such as the emergence of a new paradigm in management, the redesigning of the State, the implementation of social policies, participation and training social managers.	0
The plant gets something, and the hawk-moth spreads the pollen somewhere else. 	1
Developing infrastructure and protecting the environment	0
Sponsored by UNDP headquarters and the United Nations Staff College Project, these workshops were held in Africa and Asia for high-level managers from national institutions responsible for the management of development from various countries in the region.	0
So it probably even feels good for the insect, as well as looking good. 	1
The Centre has undertaken several technical assistance activities, such as training seminars for law enforcement officers, judges and prosecutors, and the elaboration of projects aimed at providing requesting Member States with the legislative and institutional capacity to control the phenomenon of corruption, particularly by drafting new legislation or revising existing legislation, establishing special anti-corruption bodies and organizing public awareness campaigns.	0
An anti-corruption project is being implemented in Romania for anti-corruption institution-building in the country.	0
This, which is helicodiceros, is also known as dead horse arum. 	1
44. In recognition of the vital role of small- and medium-scale enterprises (SME) in development, ECA has concentrated its efforts on defining programmes that allow microenterprises access to equity capital and credit.	0
And if you look down into it, there's this sort of dam past the spadix, flies get attracted by the heat -- which is boiling off volatile chemicals, little midges -- and they get trapped underneath in this container. 	1
52. In the field of trade and investment promotion, ECE’s focus has been on the dissemination of best practices in investment promotion techniques, the promotion of private investment in infrastructure (road, rail, telecommunications, power generating networks, water systems etc.) and stimulation of investment in real estate.	0
 And the plant showers them with pollen, and off they go and pollinate. 	1
Investment policy reviews are conducted in an open and transparent manner with the private sector of the country concerned to enable government officials to administer direct investments in a liberalized environment with modern and innovative management techniques.	0
And if you look, you'll see that there's only one way you can score three. 	1
UNDP developed a close working corporate-wide partnership within the United Nations system, such as with UNCTAD on globalization, liberalization and sustainable human development.	0
We create an eye -- and the eye that evolves through all of our history. 	1
There has been a trend over the past two biennia for member States to request more wide-ranging assistance, covering the whole gamut of services and activities of labour administration systems, rather than single operational services, such as labour inspection and public employment services.	0
So watching all of this show from outer space, you think we get it, we understand that the most precious resource on the blue planet is our consciousness. 	1
The 1997 World Development Report was notable for the emphasis it placed on “reinvigorating institutional capability” and on the balance of restraint and flexibility as underpinning a well performing public sector.	0
But let's swivel around and look at me frontally. 	1
In the field of judicial reform, for example, it is estimated that in early 1998, 23 projects supported by the Bank are under way or have been completed, with a further seven planned, ranging from simple studies of the court system in the case of Indonesia and Sierra Leone to major reforms of the judicial branch in Bolivia, the Russian Federation and Venezuela.	0
So from this experience of my recovery, I want to share four particular aspects -- I call them the four C's of consciousness -- that helped me grow my potential mind back towards the actual mind that I work with every day. 	1
I should like to state frankly that these steps that we have taken have not met with understanding and support everywhere in the world.	0
If you press on a hose pipe in a sealed system, it bulges someplace else. 	1
And as I discovered these threats to consciousness and how they are surrounding the world and enveloping the lives of more and more people every day, I discovered what truly remained. 	1
Our approach to the CIS should be not merely indulgent but, at the same time, human and pragmatic.	0
And then we met and we talked, and I'm like, he doesn't look like somebody who was built out of nothing. 	1
The Commonwealth is necessary, certainly not as a memorial to the Soviet empire and still less as the bearer of impotent assumptions of brotherhood and friendship, but as a fundamentally new mechanism for cooperation between States in the worldwide community of nations, dealings between which must and can comprise an entire range of general signs without overlooking differences.	0
Tell a little bit about what you're wearing on your leg. 	1
This idea was, in my view, clearly expressed by Russian President Boris Yeltsin, who stated at the most recent Summit of Heads of State of the Commonwealth: "Nobody should compel anyone."	0
And that's my friend. I mean, I charge it every night. 	1
The legal regime of the Caspian has until now been regulated by treaties between the Soviet Union and the Islamic Republic of Iran under which the Sea was divided between the two countries.	0
Turkmenistan rejects that principle, just as it also rejected the condominium concept which formerly prevailed.	0
The Caspian must be a sea where agreement prevails and its resources must be the property of all the littoral States, each of which has a right to an equal share of its resources.	0
The situations differ too much to be brought together in a single approach.	0
His app wasn't reinstated until he won the Pulitzer Prize. 	1
As of now, there are at least six ongoing large-scale pipeline- construction projects for the export of oil and gas in several directions.	0
And Egyptian activists are assuming that these technologies for surveillance are still being used by the transitional authorities running the networks there. 	1
At that time the question of legal regulation of the use of sea straits, which were the main routes for the flow of goods and cargoes, was regarded as vital for the very existence of States.	0
For instance, the laying of a trans-Caspian pipeline would not mean that we were abandoning the construction of trans-Iranian routes, just as the emergence of alternative export routes to the south does not mean that we are giving up using the trans-Russian gas pipeline.	0
after receiving a complaint from U.S. Senator Joe Lieberman, despite the fact that Wikileaks had not been charged, let alone convicted, of any crime. 	1
Our fuel reserves are quite sufficient to ensure an uninterrupted flow in all directions.	0
So we assume that the Internet is a border-busting technology. 	1
We don't necessarily always do it very well, but we have a sense of what the models are, politically and institutionally, to do that. 	1
Australia is one of the forty-four countries whose ratifications are necessary before the Treaty enters into force.	0
But the way in which I learned to use technology to my advantage was because I was within an extremist organization that was forced to think beyond the confines of the nation-state. 	1
A form of anti-Islam rhetoric is also on the rise and it's transnational. 	1
Now that never would have been possible before. 	1
One of their leaders was killed in Pakistan recently. 	1
So roughly these four reasons make it a lot more difficult for democratic culture to spread as a civilizational choice, not merely as a political choice. 	1
They've been building civilizational demand for their values on the grassroots, and we've been seeing those societies slowly transition to societies that are increasingly asking for a form of Islamism. 	1
And Archie Cochrane, as the camp doctor, was one of the first men in to clear up the mess. 	1
32. As a general comment, it was stated that some portions of section B were lengthy and could be usefully reduced.	0
This baby was produced through trial and error. 	1
Well you have this great big tank full of liquid detergent. 	1
49. In view of the fact that the financial arrangements in some privately financed infrastructure projects might contemplate direct payments by the Government to the project company (see A/CN.9/444/Add.1, para. 60), it was suggested that the words "is the sole source of funds" in the first sentence of paragraph 107 should be replaced with words such as "is the main source of funds" before "for repaying its debts".	0
Now this process of trial and error is actually far more common in successful institutions than we care to recognize. 	1
52. By way of a general comment, it was suggested that stronger language should be used in formulating legislative recommendations. The emphasis should be on the major objectives of legislation governing privately financed infrastructure projects; those objectives were to establish sufficient authority for the host Government to enter into transactions for the construction of infrastructure projects with private financing, to reduce the need for governmental approvals to a reasonable minimum and to foster coordination between different levels of government and among different governmental departments.	0
Which leads us to conclude American businesses fail faster than Americans, and therefore American businesses are evolving faster than Americans. 	1
Constitutional issues (legislative recommendation 1 and paras. 1-4)	0
It was also suggested that attention should be drawn, in the context of the legislative recommendations referred to, or at another appropriate place, to the following: the ability of the host Government to conclude and carry out commitments relating to privately financed infrastructure projects; the ability of the Government to provide the site for such projects; the authority to initiate or carry out any necessary expropriations; the ability of the Government to convey property interests to private investors; the ability of the Government to agree to the encumbrance of state-owned property in order to create security interests; freedom of the Government to agree to arbitration and other methods of non-judicial settlement of disputes; the ability of the Government to give guarantees for the protection of investors' rights; and to allow linking of prices of services or goods generated by the privately operated infrastructure to price indices.	0
I will admit it's obvious when schools start teaching children that there are some problems that don't have a correct answer. 	1
65. It was suggested that the title of the subsection should be changed to "Investment promotion and protection".	0
And Archie Cochrane understood this as well as anybody. 	1
It was suggested that the list of examples in the second sentence of paragraph 58 should be expanded by adding, for example, the coal-fired power sector, power transmission, roads and railways.	0
He said, "He was not a very careful person as a mathematician. 	1
94. It was suggested that reference should be made in the guide to international instruments designed to eliminate corruption.	0
I just wanted to show that over 60 percent of the Yemeni population are 15 years and below. 	1
103. It was suggested that the corresponding notes to legislative recommendation 1 should make clear that the review of the assumptions under which state monopolies had been established involved a review of the historical circumstances and political conditions that had led to the creation of such monopolies.	0
In reply it was stated that in order to implement some of the practical advice given in the guide (e.g. as to the membership of the regulatory body) legislative provisions might be needed and that therefore it would be useful to discuss practical advice in the guide.	0
It was observed that those objectives fostered the interests not only of the host Government, but also of the parties wishing to invest in infrastructure projects in the country.	0
138. It was suggested that paragraph 22 should mention that awarding authorities typically required that the bidders submit sufficient evidence that the technical solutions proposed had been previously tested and satisfactorily met internationally acceptable safety and other standards.	0
I think Yemen is going to be in the next two or three years. 	1
143. The availability of standard documentation prepared in sufficiently precise terms was said to be an important element to facilitate the negotiations between project consortia and prospective lenders and investors.	0
174. It was noted that the availability of administrative or judicial remedies was an essential element in ensuring the transparency and fairness of a selection procedure.	0
So where are all these coming from then? 	1
183. The view was expressed that the term "expropriation" in the English version should be replaced, because in some legal systems it carried a negative connotation and might suggest confiscation without prompt and adequate compensation.	0
We now have a whole underground marketplace and business ecosystem built around online crime. 	1
190. In connection with the last sentence of paragraph 32, the suggestion was made that some co-owners of the project company might be concerned about the risks arising from the involvement of the company in other projects awarded to it in a separate selection process.	0
196. Statements were made to the effect that, in practice, lenders expected to obtain the widest possible security over the assets of the project company, including the intangible assets.	0
Now, if you'll take a look at this image file -- well there's the image header, and there the actual code of the attack starts. 	1
203. The countervailing view was that the subject matter dealt with in the guide touched upon a number of public law and policy issues and that it would therefore be difficult to attempt to formulate model provisions that adequately took into account the differences between legal systems and the variety of policy options.	0
And 78 is the city code for the city of St. Petersburg. 	1
Owing to the nature of the instrument, the provisions of the Model Law were subject to variation by any national legislation that enacted them, thus detracting from the desired harmonization of the legal rules applicable to electronic commerce.	0
I mean, we have critical infrastructure. 	1
The opposite view was that, owing to the rapidly changing technical background of electronic commerce, the matter did not easily lend itself to the rigid approach suggested by an international convention.	0
You go to any factory, any power plant, any chemical plant, any food processing plant, you look around -- everything is being run by computers. 	1
214. At its thirty-second session, the Working Group discussed the issue of incorporation by reference on the basis of various texts that were proposed as possible additions to the Model Law. That discussion was recorded in the report of the Working Group on the work of its thirty-second session (A/CN.9/446, paras. 14-23), together with the text of the various proposals that were considered by the Working Group.	0
Now I told you --  I love the Internet. I do. 	1
However, although the expression "incorporation by reference" had been used consistently by the Working Group as a concise way of referring to a complex range of legal and factual situations, it might not convey the same meaning in all enacting States.	0
What we need is more global, international law enforcement work to find online criminal gangs -- these organized gangs that are making millions out of their attacks. 	1
The Secretariat was requested to prepare, for a future session of the Commission, a note presenting the findings based on the analysis of the information gathered.	0
Another world was opening up performance and dancing. 	1
The Commission considered that it would be useful to engage in such a consideration of possible future work in the area of arbitration at its twenty-second session, in 1999, and requested the Secretariat to prepare, for that session, a note that would serve as a basis for the considerations of the Commission.	0
The Commission noted the relevance of uniform commercial law, in particular legal texts prepared by UNCITRAL, in the economic integration efforts being undertaken by many countries and emphasized the important role that the training and technical assistance activities of the Secretariat might play in that context.	0
I had a degree from Cambridge; I had a thriving career, but my self was a car crash, and I wound up with bulimia and on a therapist's couch. 	1
257. During its thirty-first session, on 10 June 1998, the Commission held a special commemorative New York Convention Day in order to celebrate the fortieth anniversary of the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards (New York, 10 June 1958).	0
And I was thinking about this, of all places, on a transatlantic flight a couple of years ago, because I happened to be seated next to a Hungarian physicist about my age and we were talking about what life was like during the Cold War for physicists in Hungary. 	1
The Commission was informed that UNCTAD was currently interested in cooperating with the Commission with respect to rules relating to electronic commerce.	0
But the difficulty of the problem and the fact that we don't really quite have it down, it doesn't take away from the effects Pragmatic Chaos has. 	1
This also would allow the Unit, in deciding on its annual programme of work, to take account of the views expressed by Member States regarding the indicative listing of reports, as well as the budget estimates actually approved.	0
And just to give you a sense of what microseconds are, it takes you 500,000 microseconds just to click a mouse. 	1
This report will be initiated in the second half of 1998, but its completion is expected to carry over into 1999.	0
These guys down on Wall Street, Marco Polo and Cherokee Nation, they're eight microseconds behind all these guys going into the empty buildings being hollowed out up around the Carrier Hotel. 	1
Austria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
And if we now beat up and down --  We have the possibility to fly like a bird. 	1
Permanent Representative of Austria to the United Nations	0
In the third act, we went into Bosnia and Kosovo and we seemed to succeed. 	1
Republic of Lithuania United States of America	0
So the idea that we deployed the troops to respond to the Taliban insurgency is mistaken. 	1
Unilateral coercive economic measures and related laws against sovereign States must be removed unconditionally	0
In order to sustain the momentum of progress on behalf of children, a round-table meeting was held in New York in 1993, which set intermediate goals to be achieved by 1995.	0
It's almost impossible to believe the progress we've made since 1994. 	1
Achieving the goals of the World Summit for Children is a concrete step towards the sustained realization of children’s rights.	0
(b) Measles deaths have been eliminated in the Latin American and Caribbean region, reduced by 96 per cent in the Middle East and North Africa, followed by 95 per cent in East Asia and the Pacific, 94 per cent in the industrialized countries, 87 per cent in South Asia and 65 per cent in sub-Saharan Africa;	0
We put our toes in and we go up to our neck. 	1
(c) The reported incidence of polio declined from 23,000 to 4,000 cases between 1990 and 1997.	0
What we should have done in Libya is we should have stuck to the U.N. resolution. 	1
About 130 million children remain out of primary school, about 60 per cent of them girls.	0
And the tsunami of problems that we feel we're facing in terms of sustainability questions are actually a reflection of the exponential increase in urbanization across the planet. 	1
This is just a tiny range actually: It's us mammals; we're one of these. 	1
The number of hospitals certified as “baby-friendly” has increased from about 5,000 in 1995 to 13,552 in 1998.	0
And the reason for this is because of networks. 	1
Governments are increasingly recognizing the importance of community-based early childhood care and development.	0
That's a little thing that lives inside an elephant. 	1
With a view to providing the resident coordinator system and country teams with coherent system-wide guidance for support to Governments in their follow-up activities, in October 1995 the Administrative Committee on Coordination established three ad hoc inter-agency task forces on: (a) basic social services for all; (b) employment and sustainable livelihoods; and (c) an enabling environment for social and economic development.	0
54. The way in which a community, be it at the local, national or international level, treats its children, particularly the neediest and most vulnerable children, is among the strongest criteria for assessing its sense of moral imperative.	0
I'm a psychologists -- why do origins matter so much? 	1
1. The United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research (UNIDIR) is an autonomous research institute within the framework of the United Nations.	0
All attempts are being made to increase UNIDIR’s core and project income, so that staff can be put on longer-term contracts and be more adequately remunerated.	0
Some of you would eat it only if it's a strangely colored piece of tofu. 	1
A series of UNIDIR informal discussions meetings in 1998 are focused on the problems within the Conference on Disarmament.	0
But I don't want a duplicate, even if I can't tell the difference. 	1
This project will be developed over the longer term.	0
I'm not going to make a claim about who's right, but I will make an empirical claim about people's intuitions, which is that, if you like the work of Jackson Pollock, you'll tend more so than the people who don't like it to believe that these works are difficult to create, that they require a lot of time and energy and creative energy. 	1
29. The debates in recent meetings organized by UNIDIR in various regions (Africa, Asia and Latin America) have stressed the issue of transparency in arms transfers.	0
I use Jackson Pollock on purpose as an example because there's a young American artist who paints very much in the style of Jackson Pollock, and her work was worth many tens of thousands of dollars -- in large part because she's a very young artist. 	1
The electronic conference held jointly with the Henry L. Stimson Center (Washington, D.C.) in January is an example of such an activity.	0
In the other condition, they're told that the person in the next room is shocking them on purpose -- knows they're shocking them. 	1
United Nations Institute for Disarmament Research publications for the period from July 1997 to June 1998	0
One of the most fundamental acts of civilization is to ensure people can get enough food. 	1
Increasing Access to Information Technology for International Security: Forging Cooperation Among Research Institutes, by Péricles Gasparini Alves (ed.), 242 p., United Nations publication, Sales No. GV.E.97.0.23.	0
This is not a negotiable thing, hunger. 	1
(h) Development of a project to assess the achievements of the United Nations Special Commission on Iraq;	0
In countries where girls don't go to school and you offer a meal to girls in school, we see enrollment rates about 50 percent girls and boys. 	1
17. The Geneva Forum, a collaboration with the Quakers United Nations Office and the Geneva Graduate Institute of International Studies, will invite a number of speakers to Geneva in 1998 and 1999 to address controlling the spread of small arms.	0
(b) Table 2, current status of 1999 estimated income from voluntary sources;	0
So add in five percent, 10 percent more food. 	1
North Atlantic Treaty Organization (received)	0
Now not you, not this talk, but that is generally true. 	1
It's a mental process, and it's a process of extraction. 	1
(5% of total A, less United Nations subvention)	0
We listen to differences, we discount sounds that remain the same. 	1
 But it's a great intention to have in a relationship. 	1
Just three minutes a day of silence is a wonderful exercise to reset your ears and to recalibrate so that you can hear the quiet again. 	1
What first got me thinking about this was a blog post authored earlier this year by Derek K. Miller, who was a science and technology journalist who died of cancer. 	1
And what Miller did was have his family and friends write a post that went out shortly after he died. 	1
Right now there are 48 hours of video being uploaded to YouTube every single minute. 	1
But what if those robots were able to interact based on the unique characteristics of a specific person based on the hundreds of thousands of pieces of content that person produces in their lifetime? 	1
eleventh to fourteenth periodic reports of Yugoslavia 126	0
And with these mobile phones, we transmit more than 600 terabytes of data every month. 	1
Chapter II of this report contains an account of our contribution to the preventive process.	0
And it's this importance why I decided to look into the issues that this technology has, because it's so fundamental to our lives. 	1
In chapter VIII, the Committee has indicated its initial suggestions for the agenda for the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance, as well as ideas the World Conference may take into consideration in any declaration and programme of action it may decide to adopt.	0
We have 10,000 times more of that spectrum, which is there for us to use. 	1
“... the treaty bodies have an important role in seeking to prevent as well as to respond to human rights violations.	0
As you would expect, it's a light, a desk lamp. 	1
21. At its fifty-second session, the Committee considered the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Papua New Guinea and Rwanda and adopted the decisions set out below.	0
You don't notice the subtle changes in the amplitude that we impress onto this light bulb. 	1
2. The Committee re—examined the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina under the early warning and urgent procedure and noted the absence of a delegation from Bosnia and Herzegovina at its fifty—second session.	0
It has a flashlight, an LED flashlight. 	1
In hospitals, for new medical instruments; in streets for traffic control. 	1
2. The Committee wishes to consider the information, in the presence of a representative of the State party, at its fifty-fourth session (1—19 March 1999) and would therefore appreciate receipt of this information by 15 January 1999.	0
And then you have these millions of street lamps deployed around the world. 	1
6. The Committee calls on the Government of Rwanda to enhance cooperation with respect to the work of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda and to take additional steps to publicize its proceedings.	0
These upright apes evolved on the African savanna about two million years ago, and they made these splendid hand axes that fit wonderfully into your hands. 	1
Nevertheless, the Committee expresses concern about the under—representation of ethnic Hutus in important political and social institutions of the country.	0
Okay, so what this tells us is that, contrary to the old adage, "monkey see, monkey do," the surprise really is that all of the other animals really cannot do that -- at least not very much. 	1
12. The Committee takes note of the report of the Special Representative of the Commission on Human Rights on the situation of human rights in Rwanda.	0
23. At its fifty—second and fifty—third sessions, the Committee considered reports, comments and information from 23 States parties under article 9 of the Convention.	0
So if we'd chosen that path, our evolutionary path would have led into the forest -- and been a short one indeed. 	1
30. It is also noted that the National Cultural Autonomy Act, whose main purpose is to offer the members of all ethnic communities guarantees of national cultural autonomy, has entered into force.	0
The other one says, "Fine. Looks good to me. 	1
32. It is also noted that a number of republics have adopted laws which guarantee the rights of national minorities, indigenous peoples and small ethnic groups.	0
All right, if this view of language and its value in solving the crisis of visual theft is true, any species that acquires it should show an explosion of creativity and prosperity. 	1
44. The training of judges and law enforcement officials in matters relating to the exercise of individuals’ rights and freedoms and, in particular, on the right not to be discriminated against on racial grounds should be continued and developed.	0
71. The Committee concludes that the Convention is far from fully implemented in Israel and the occupied Palestinian territory, and that the shortfall contributes very significantly to the dangerous escalation of tension in the region.	0
86. While noting the special budget for public housing in the Arab sector, the Committee remains concerned about ethnic inequalities, particularly those centring upon what are known as “unrecognized” Arab villages.	0
93. It is also noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee request that the possibility of making the declaration be considered.	0
For a long time, there was me, and my body. 	1
110. The Committee recommends that the State party’s next report, due on 9 January 1997, be an updating report and that it address all the points raised in the present observations.	0
I heard people murmur from time to time that I should love my body, so I learned how to do this. 	1
Concern is expressed that there remain groups of the population for whom the question of citizenship has not yet been addressed in a satisfactory manner.	0
Then I got cancer -- or I found out I had cancer. 	1
128. The Committee recommends that the State party provide, in its next report, more specific statistical data on minority representation in local, regional and State administrations as well as information on their situation in the fields of education, employment and health.	0
Suddenly, my cancer was a cancer that was everywhere, the cancer of cruelty, the cancer of greed, the cancer that gets inside people who live down the streets from chemical plants -- and they're usually poor -- the cancer inside the coal miner's lungs, the cancer of stress for not achieving enough, the cancer of buried trauma, the cancer in caged chickens and polluted fish, the cancer in women's uteruses from being raped, 	1
145. The Committee commends the State party’s efforts aimed at the return, resettlement and rehabilitation of over 250,000 Crimean Tatars, as well as persons of other nationalities, who were forcibly deported to different parts of the former Soviet Union approximately 50 years ago.	0
The Committee further recommends that issues relating to the citizenship of the repatriated members of minorities, including the Crimean Tatars, be solved as soon as possible in a just manner.	0
It was the tears that were indistinguishable from the Gulf that were falling down my cheek. 	1
The Committee recommends that the State party undertake awareness—raising campaigns on the use of judicial remedies against racism, including the procedure provided for in article 14 of the Convention.	0
It was my mother leaving, just at the moment that I was being born. 	1
So the data on dropping out is amazing. 	1
It also recommends that the State party ensure that all legal provisions dealing with family—related issues relating to members of ethnic groups and foreigners, are fully consistent with the provisions of the Convention.	0
It turns out, from earliest childhood, boys, and then men, prefer the company of guys -- physical company. 	1
218. It is noted with appreciation that despite prevailing political, economic and social difficulties, efforts are being made to implement the provisions of the Convention.	0
And it is possible, of course, to increase the density of the communities around us. 	1
219. The signing by the State party of the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) Agreement on questions relating to the restoration of the rights of deported persons, national minorities and peoples in 1992 and the CIS Convention on the safeguarding of the rights of members of national minorities in 1994 is noted with interest.	0
So we're talking about things like infill development: really sharp little changes to where we have buildings, where we're developing. 	1
230. In its forthcoming report, the State party should include, inter alia, further information on the restoration of the rights of deportees who have returned to the country, the results of the national reform on education, and the access to health care, housing and employment of ethnic and national minorities.	0
And when you layer that over with the kind of ubiquitous communications that we're starting to see, what you find is, in fact, even more access suffused into spaces. 	1
241. The State party has made serious efforts to give effect to a number of the provisions of article 5, particularly those concerning certain economic and social rights.	0
Our cities, I would put to you, are stockpiles of these surplus capacities. 	1
243. The State party has not provided any information on the demographic composition of the Libyan population, although the Committee requested it when it considered the State party’s tenth periodic report in 1989.	0
We're finding that people can share the same spaces, do stuff with vacant space. 	1
249. The Committee recommends that specific legislation be enacted by the State party to implement the provisions of article 4 of the Convention.	0
Which brings on another threshold effect I like to call furnace dumping, which is, quite simply, if you have a building that doesn't need to be heated with a furnace, you save a whole bunch of money up front. 	1
250. A particular effort should be made by the State party to train law enforcement officials in the light of the provisions of the Convention.	0
Now when we look at being able to slash our product use, slash our transportation use, slash our building energy use, all of that is great, but it still leaves something behind. 	1
The Committee appreciates the opportunity to resume the dialogue with the State party.	0
283. The Committee notes that Cambodia is facing many difficulties that have an impact on the implementation of the Convention.	0
So it was very clear these were stressed, sick, traumatized birds. 	1
These circumstances have created obstacles to the bringing to justice of the perpetrators of severe violations of human rights which, in a number of cases, have an ethnic dimension.	0
Up to 1,000 people a day came to the rescue center. 	1
288. Concern is also expressed with regard to the insufficient legal framework to fully implement the Convention, in particular article 2, paragraph 1 (d), and article 6.	0
Room two had more than 4,000 oiled penguins in it. 	1
The lack of participation of the indigenous people in the management of natural resources and in other activities of concern to them is also a matter of concern.	0
The oil slick was now moving north towards Dassen Island, and the rescuers despaired, because they knew if the oil hit, it would not be possible to rescue any more oiled birds. 	1
In particular, the State party should ensure that no decisions directly relating to the rights and interests of indigenous peoples are taken without their informed consent.	0
Something else learned during the Apollo rescue was how to train the penguins to take fish freely from their hands, And we used this technique again during the Treasure rescue. 	1
311. The Committee reiterates its observations regarding the lack of clarity as to the various definitions used in the report and in domestic legislation to describe ethnic and national minorities.	0
about 3,000 penguin chicks were rescued and hand raised. 	1
314. With respect to article 4 of the Convention, concern is also expressed at incidents of hate-speech directed at the Serb minority in Croat media, and the failure of the State party to take adequate measures to investigate and prosecute those responsible for promoting hatred and ethnic tension through print and audio—visual media.	0
This is critically important, because one year ago, the African penguin was declared endangered. 	1
In this respect the Committee is concerned about the difficulties of the return of Serbs and others displaced in Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium.	0
319. With respect of article 2 of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the State party reinstate the provisions for the fair and proportionate representation of the Serbian ethnic community in the Croatian Parliament.	0
But why should any of you care about penguins? 	1
Making sense of those things is a very difficult thing to do. 	1
335. It is noted with appreciation that the State party has undertaken steps for the implementation of the Committee’s recommendations regarding the introduction of amendments to Law II (III) of 1992.	0
So I started thinking about peace, and I was obviously, as I said to you, very much moved by these images, trying to make sense of that. 	1
351. The statement by the State party that although in public life racial prejudice is practically insignificant, it still appears in the most private areas of life, particularly in social engagements and marriage, is also appreciated.	0
And the reason why 21 was the number is 700 men left, 23 came back, two died on the boat and 21 hit the ground. 	1
Additionally, the Committee requests the State party to provide information on measures undertaken or envisaged for improving public awareness of the Convention.	0
I felt that I was presenting a case on behalf of the global community to try and create this day. 	1
385. It is noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee requested that the possibility of such a declaration be considered.	0
388. The Committee considered the ninth to twelfth periodic reports of Jordan (CERD/C/318/Add.1), at its 1288th and 1289th meetings, on 11 and 12 August 1998. At its 1298th meeting, on 18 August 1998, it adopted the following concluding observations.	0
If this is the only film that I ever make, I'm going to document until this becomes a reality." 	1
395. With regard to article 7 of the Convention, it is regretted that little further information was provided following the eight paragraphs regarding this article in the previous report.	0
I was at the top of the General Assembly just looking down into it and seeing it happen. 	1
409. The lack of information on the number of complaints and judicial decisions concerning acts of racism, regardless of their nature, and the compensation granted as a result is a source of concern.	0
It's not going to work; you're not going to stop the fighting in Afghanistan; the Taliban won't listen, etc., etc. 	1
425. The enactment of the law establishing a Human Rights Commission in 1997 as well as the establishment of the Foreign Affairs, Human Rights, Population and Social Committees of Parliament are welcomed.	0
Because if we start pumping it up a bit maybe more people would listen and there'd be more -- when we got into certain areas, maybe there would be more people interested. 	1
441. The Committee calls upon the State party to fully observe the human rights of refugees and displaced persons of Bhutan and to negotiate with the Government of Bhutan towards a peaceful solution of this important issue.	0
I mean, we basically sat down with everybody -- in and out of schools with ministers of education, holding these press conferences, which of course, now were loaded with press, everybody was there. 	1
443. It is noted that the State party has not made the declaration provided for in article 14 of the Convention, and some members of the Committee requested that the possibility of such a declaration be considered.	0
This amazing woman, Fatima Gailani, was absolutely instrumental in what went on as she was the spokesperson for the resistance against the Russians. 	1
464. The Committee recommends that the State party's next report, due on 4 January 1998, should be an updating report and that it should cover all the points raised in these concluding observations.	0
And I was there thinking about what was going on. 	1
This report took into account the report of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples covering its work during 1997 (A/52/23, Part I) and copies of the working papers on the 17 territories prepared by the Secretariat for the Special Committee and the Trusteeship Council in 1997 and listed in document CERD/C/343, as well as in annex IV to the present report.	0
490. The Committee was aware that certain States parties had submitted over the years information on the implementation of the Convention in territories they are administering or which are otherwise under their jurisdiction and to which article 15 also applies.	0
By studying those twinkling lights though, we can learn about how stars and planets interact to form their own ecosystem and make habitats that are amenable to life. 	1
(b) In the materials to be prepared by the Secretariat for the Special Committee and to be made available by the Secretary-General to the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination pursuant to paragraph 2 (b) of article 15 of the Convention, more systematic attention should be given, also in the light of the terms of General Assembly resolution 1514 (XV), to human rights aspects and in particular to matters directly related to the principles and objectives of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination.	0
Reports received during the period under review	0
It synchronizes videos across multiple screens of mobile devices. 	1
Its composer, called Debussy, said that art was the greatest deception of all. 	1
But let me give you a different perspective on the same story. 	1
Democratic Eleventh report 21 May 1997 1	0
And I think the real challenge is to figure out where are the cases in our lives where conflicts of interest work on us, and try not to trust our own intuition to overcome it, but to try to do things that prevent us from falling prey to these behaviors, because we can create lots of undesirable circumstances. 	1
Yet the people inside Africa have more genetic variation. 	1
Moreover, almost all these genetic variants we see outside Africa have closely related DNA sequences that you find inside Africa. 	1
It means that when we look at people and see a person from Africa and a person from Europe or Asia, we cannot, for a single position in the genome with 100 percent accuracy, predict what the person would carry. 	1
So that today, the people living outside Africa have about two and a half percent of their DNA from Neanderthals. 	1
Moldova Second report 25 February 1996 2	0
So this presumably means that these Denisovans had been more widespread in the past, since we don't think that the ancestors of Melanesians were ever in Siberia. 	1
News Anchor: The clashes over the fence continue. 	1
Julia Bacha: When I first heard about the story of Budrus, I was surprised that the international media had failed to cover the extraordinary set of events that happened seven years ago, in 2003. 	1
The resistance in Budrus has since spread to villages across the West Bank and to Palestinian neighborhoods in Jerusalem. 	1
(n) Joint working paper on article 7 of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination, prepared by Mr. José Bengoa, Mr. Ivan Garvalov, Mr. Mustafa Mehedi and Mrs. Shanti Sadiq Ali (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/4).	0
And I think the key to that is self-assembly. 	1
So what does this tell us about the future? 	1
And it was really her strength, I believe, that became the kind of mudra and imprimatur that has been a guiding light in my life. 	1
I'm sorry, you've got to do a little bit of that, Jody. 	1
5. Submission of reports by States parties under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention.	0
As to the qualifications, the announcement now required “a basic academic degree or equivalent, as well as experience in the subject area”.	0
And we are also changing our teeth right now. 	1
Samuel Clemens, Mark Twain, was a big investor in the most complex machine of all times -- at least until 1918 -- registered with the U.S. Patent Office. 	1
The other prohibition of discrimination covers the treatment of employees.	0
And the Government Research Bureau brought representatives together and told them that this is something that has to be done. 	1
She asserts that the Ombudsman himself has never filed any case on behalf of an individual with the Labour Court, and that he himself has voiced serious doubts about the applicability and effectiveness of the Act against Ethnic Discrimination of 1994.	0
It means, I think, that we're living in a time of unexpected possibilities. 	1
Mere doubts about the effectiveness of such remedies, or the belief that the resort to them may incur costs, do not absolve a complainant from pursuing them.	0
A. Country rapporteurs for reports considered by the	0
And I'm absolutely enthralled by biology. 	1
You can see there's architecture growing, filling the void. 	1
Let's see if we can actually make life. 	1
not yet filed an initial report and which was considered by the Committee at its fifty-second	0
You have regulation; information is transcribed; catalysts are made; stuff is happening. 	1
the eleventh to fourteenth periodic reports of Yugoslavia*	0
But the real honest answer is, we just don't know, because there is a problem with the origin. 	1
Our observations are evidenced by the minutes on the mentioned sessions (CERD/C/SR.1260 and CERD/C/SR.1262).	0
The RNA people would talk about the RNA world. 	1
And they had a look at what was in the soup, and they found amino acids, but nothing came out, there was no cell. 	1
This is how I remember what I need as a chemist. 	1
Inclusion of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in OSCE and other international organizations would significantly enhance stability in the region, provided that the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia fully shares its responsibility along the well-known European norms for the overall situation in the country and in the region.	0
And all I wanted to show you is we can set up molecules in membranes, in real cells, and then it sets up a kind of molecular Darwinism, a molecular survival of the fittest. 	1
Fiftieth anniversary of the Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of the Crime of Genocide	0
So you imagine, if we're able to create a self-sustaining artificial life form, not only will this tell us about the origin of life -- that it's possible that the universe doesn't need carbon to be alive; it can use anything -- we can then take [it] one step further and develop new technologies, because we can then use software control for evolution to code in. 	1
In fact, when there was a wedding in our neighborhood, all of us would paint our houses for the wedding. 	1
Unpredictability and surprise have become almost commonplace.	0
It's a children's book about Indian independence -- very patriotic. 	1
Indeed, the peoples of the United Nations, in whose name the Charter is written, are searching for new ways to define how they are united in community though divided by custom and conviction, power and interests.	0
Shake it again, and you get the British perspective. 	1
2. Notwithstanding the extraordinary achievements of multilateralism during the past half century, too many voices remain unheard, too much pain persists and too many additional opportunities for human betterment are forgone for us to rest satisfied with the way things work today.	0
 You have to separate fact from bias, right. 	1
Over the last 30 years, in terms of the GDP growth rates, China has grown at twice the rate of India. 	1
Still to be approved is the proposal that specific time limits be adopted for all new mandates, a relatively simple procedure that would significantly enhance the effectiveness of programme activities and the General Assembly’s own oversight role.	0
One simple answer is China has Shanghai and India has Mumbai. 	1
19. The adoption, late in 1997, of the Ottawa Convention on the Prohibition of the Use, Stockpiling, Production and Transfer of Anti-personnel Mines and on Their Destruction was an unprecedented achievement.	0
Meanwhile, deplorable acts of brutality continue to be reported from many parts of the world, and all too often the culprits go unpunished.	0
Country 1, that has a longer system of railways, is actually India. 	1
The fact that some States may be stocking or developing such weapons clandestinely remains a serious threat to world peace, however.	0
The economy grows, government accumulates more resources, and the government can invest in infrastructure -- rather than infrastructure being a cause for economic growth. 	1
In general, only the spectacle of actual violence, with all its tragic consequences, convinces the parties to the conflict, potential troop-contributing countries and the Security Council of the utility or necessity of deploying a peacekeeping force.	0
So you have to always think carefully about these decisions. 	1
Once that task is completed, the reform proposals for the disarmament sector of the Organization will have been fully implemented.	0
60 to 80 percent of the workforce in China is women whereas in India, it's all men. 	1
If you look at other East Asian countries, women there play a hugely important role in terms of economic take-off -- in terms of creating the manufacturing miracle associated with East Asia. 	1
The Security Council has authorized two new operations: the United Nations Mission in the Central African Republic (MINURCA) and the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL).	0
57. United Nations peacekeeping clearly offers certain unique advantages not to be found elsewhere, including the universality of its mandate and the breadth of its experience.	0
The Indian government owned and operated all the TV stations. 	1
58. Fifty years after the establishment of the first United Nations peacekeeping operation, there are today some 14,500 military and police personnel deployed in missions around the globe under the United Nations flag.	0
So the dynamic perspective fits both with China and in India in terms of the direction. 	1
62. I have in the past underlined the need for a mechanism that renders sanctions a less blunt and more effective instrument.	0
China, I believe, still has some of the excellent raw fundamentals -- mostly the social capital, the public health, that you don't find in India. 	1
This should be borne in mind when the decision to impose them is taken, and when the results are subsequently evaluated.	0
I don't know whether that's going to happen or not, but I'm an optimist. 	1
Meanwhile, many developing countries, including some of the poorest, remain subject to the crushing burdens of external debt.	0
There's a strong whiff of half-baked anarchism about them. 	1
In May 1998, the Administrative Committee on Coordination, comprising the executive heads of all United Nations entities, adopted a statement of commitment for action to eradicate poverty for the system as a whole.	0
Of course, the criminal justice system treats them as common old garden criminals. 	1
The Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights strongly supports mandates that increase understanding within the United Nations system of the intrinsic linkage between development, democracy and human rights.	0
Preparation is also under way for a special session of the General Assembly to follow up on the International Conference on Population and Development, which will be held from 30 June to 2 July 1999.	0
And often they're the most vulnerable element of all. 	1
Concerted efforts are needed to attain the goal of universal ratification of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women by the year 2000 and to strengthen its enforcement mechanisms.	0
on the Black Sea port during the 1990s. 	1
UNICEF programmes have been expanded to reach not only infants and young children but also adolescents and youth.	0
100. Gender issues remained a cross-cutting concern of all UNFPA-supported programmes.	0
Born in Southern Germany to a stable and well-respected middle class family, his obsession with gaming as a teenager led him to hacking. 	1
As a result, life expectancy rates at birth are declining in some developing countries to levels not seen since before the onset of industrialization, and gains in child survival rates are evaporating.	0
And this man with a planetary-sized brain is now serving a 13-year sentence in California. 	1
Combination antiretrovirals have come into widespread use in the developed world over the past two years, but because they are so costly and difficult to administer they remain inaccessible to most people living with HIV in the developing world and in countries with economies in transition.	0
One of the smartest people I've ever met. 	1
The Habitat Agenda, adopted by the United Nations Conference on Human Settlements (Habitat II) in 1996, provides the strategic guidance for this effort.	0
They are recruiting hackers in criminal and industrial espionage activities -- are mobilizing them on behalf of the state. 	1
What kind of an experience do they have? 	1
Not only has the United Nations continued to provide humanitarian relief as well and as quickly as it could; it has also been the principal catalyst in finding more sophisticated ways of dealing with the plight of civilians in complex emergencies and in mobilizing the resources of the world community for this purpose as expeditiously as possible.	0
So this particular device is called the Gut Listener. 	1
Yet humanitarian organizations have been denied access to people in need and deliberate attacks on civilian populations have continued.	0
And so the Inflatable Heart is an external organ that can be used by the wearer to express themselves. 	1
The El Niño phenomenon, the forest fires in Brazil and Indonesia, a new drought in the Sudan, the tsunami in Papua New Guinea and other disasters have devastated thousands of lives.	0
So the Ear Bender literally puts something out there so someone can grab your ear and say what they have to say. 	1
Humanitarian action can have important political, socio-economic and environmental repercussions.	0
And so this really shifts the human/plant dynamic, because a single house plant can actually express its needs to thousands of people at the same time. 	1
The Office has contributed to ongoing efforts to ensure a more coherent and integrated response to complex crises, for example through the “strategic framework” approach in Afghanistan.	0
And so kind of thinking about scale, my most recent obsession is actually with glaciers -- of course. 	1
In February 1998, I recommended a significant expansion of the programme and the Security Council subsequently authorized Iraq to increase oil sales up to $5.256 billion over six months, compared to $2 billion in each of the previous three phases.	0
So to give you a picture of what this looks like, the Human Genome Project: 3 gigabases, right? 	1
At the regional level, the Programme brings together law enforcement authorities from neighbouring countries to discuss region-specific problems and ways to address them.	0
In drug-producing countries, it works with Governments and rural communities to facilitate a transition to legal alternative crops and promotes sustainable agro-industrial sectors.	0
175. On 26 June 1998 the international community observed the first United Nations International Day in Support of Victims of Torture.	0
Now I happen to make my living these days in television, so for me, that's a good thing. 	1
Thanks to a substantial increase in the contributions received from Governments, the Fund will disburse more than $4 million in 1998–1999 for medical, psychological, social, financial and legal assistance to about 100 organizations that assist some 60,000 victims of torture worldwide.	0
Its recommendations will improve the Organization’s ability to evaluate its human resources needs more effectively, greatly accelerate the recruitment process, introduce better career planning and establish ongoing staff training programmes to ensure that staff skills respond to changing demands.	0
When you guys hear this industry term, a breakout hit, what does that mean? 	1
As a result, less cash is available and obligations exceed cash balances.	0
Archie Bunker was shoved out of his easy chair along with the rest of us 40 years ago. 	1
Legal research services were provided to a number of bodies involved in the legislative process, in particular the two Commissions for which the Office serves as secretariat: the International Law Commission and the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law.	0
You'll see that every time fantasy and imagination shows rise, it maps to a spike in unemployment. 	1
Legal assistance was also provided for meetings of a large number of law-making bodies and conferences.	0
Do we want to see shows about people saving money and being unemployed? 	1
The Committee for Programme and Coordination reviewed those reports, as well as a report on strengthening the role of evaluation in departments and offices of the United Nations, endorsing all their recommendations.	0
Let's talk about the 195,000 billion dollars of wealth in the world today. 	1
Vital reforms in personnel policy must still be undertaken, but the Organization is more responsive, more efficient and more accountable than it was only a few short years ago.	0
And that's allowing for differences in the cost of living. 	1
1. Question of review and possible revision of the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space	0
There are six which I think explain the Great Divergence. 	1
The report of the Subcommittee was issued as document A/AC.105/698.	0
Even in places like Senegal, beginning in the early 20th century, there were major breakthroughs in public health, and life expectancy began to rise. 	1
Strengthening international cooperation in the peaceful exploration and use of outer space also implied the need for the Committee itself to improve, whenever necessary, the methods and forms of its work.	0
(h) United Nations/China workshop on applications of space technology in sustainable agricultural development.	0
Now we've got the data, plus we have metadata. 	1
80. The Committee recognized the importance of ongoing international efforts to ensure the continuity, compatibility and complementarity of systems for remote sensing of the Earth and to promote cooperation through regular meetings of satellite operators, ground-station operators and users.	0
It also noted the value of remote sensing systems for environmental monitoring and stressed the need for the international community to utilize remote sensing data in an effort to implement fully the recommendations contained in Agenda 21,7 adopted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, held at Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, from 3 to 14 June 1992.	0
They couldn't stop talking about all the things they did in 1950, all the things they were planning to do in 1950, all the dreams of what they wanted to accomplish in 1950. 	1
92. The Committee also endorsed the recommendation of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that further consideration of the item should be postponed until 2000 in view of the abbreviated schedule of work of the Subcommittee at its thirty-sixth session, in 1999, and the preparatory work to be carried out for UNISPACE III (A/AC.105/697 and Corr.1, para. 81).	0
But guess what, nobody will really care. 	1
The Committee agreed with the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that IADC should be invited to make a technical presentation on its work to the Subcommittee at its thirty-sixth session (A/AC.105/697, para. 91).	0
Now these signals are actually so strong that we don't need to know that someone was censored. 	1
In particular, the Committee agreed that the United Nations Programme on Space Applications could play an important role in assisting developing countries in strengthening their capabilities in related space technologies and applications.	0
128. The view was expressed that legal issues before the Legal Subcommittee should be resolved within a reasonable time-frame.	0
This person studies all the "arghs," from one through eight A's. 	1
129. The Committee took note of the deliberations on the question of the geostationary orbit as contained in the report of the Legal Subcommittee.	0
We think that might have something to do with Reagan. 	1
140. Some delegations reiterated that the purpose of item 5 of the agenda of the Legal Subcommittee was not in any way to reopen substantive debate on or to revise or amend the five international legal instruments governing outer space, and that the Legal Subcommittee should restrict itself to reviewing the current status of the accession and adherence of States to those instruments with a view to maximizing such accession and adherence.	0
145. The Committee recommended that the Legal Subcommittee should continue its consideration of the item at its thirty-eighth session, in 1999, and establish a working group for that purpose in accordance with the previous recommendation made at the fortieth session of the Committee.	0
But it is a place where sex workers and their clients come. 	1
166. The Committee noted with appreciation the participation in its work and in that of its subcommittees of representatives of the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP), the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO), the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the World Health Organization (WHO), WMO, ITU, the United Nations Industrial Development Organization (UNIDO), IAEA, the Association of Space Explorers (ASE), COSPAR, ESA, the International Academy of Astronautics (IAA), IAF, IAU, ILA, INTERSPUTNIK, Inmarsat, ISPRS, ISU and INTELSAT.	0
Many of you might be familiar with Taz, the cartoon character, the one that spins around and around and around. 	1
  The Tasmanian devil is predominantly a scavenger, and it uses its powerful jaws and its sharp teeth to chomp on the bones of rotting dead animals. 	1
Of course, they died along with the mother. 	1
Thus, there shall be two officers from each of the following regional groups: Africa; Asia and the Pacific; Eastern Europe; Latin America and the Caribbean; and Western Europe and Other States (five from the current bureaux of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space and five to be selected).	0
And this is a photograph of Dr. Southam in 1957 injecting cancer into a volunteer, who in this case was an inmate in Ohio State Penitentiary. 	1
Unless otherwise decided, no such recordings shall be made of the Technical Forum or the meetings of any working group.	0
 Additionally, I've heard horror stories from people whose teachers scolded them, of course, for doodling in classrooms. 	1
OF THE FIFTY-THIRD SESSION OF THE GENERAL ASSEMBLYIssued in accordance with rule 14 of the rules of procedure.	0
My friends, the doodle has never been the nemesis of intellectual thought. 	1
2. The 1990 report contained assessments of trends and developments in five major fields: nuclear technology, space technology, materials technology, information technology and biotechnology.	0
This may actually be heresy to say this at TED, but I'd like to introduce you to the most important innovation, I think, in medicine to come in the next 10 years, and that is the power of the human hand -- to touch, to comfort, to diagnose and to bring about treatment. 	1
7. Ideally all of the new developments mentioned above should be considered in revising the 1990 report, which covered the trends with regard to:	0
She says, "I left him with my sister at Leith." 	1
• Nuclear technologies for detection and for treaty verification.	0
You notice the clay on the soles of her feet. 	1
With currently available techniques and at the present growth rate, the known uranium reserves are expected to fill global needs for many years to come, although the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) estimates that more efficient use of uranium resources probably will have to be considered before the year 2050.	0
Luke Fildes was commissioned to paint this by Tate, who then established the Tate Gallery. 	1
The problem of plutonium disposal is discussed further below.	0
I've often wondered, what would Fildes have done had he been asked to paint this painting in the modern era, in the year 2011? 	1
17. The quest for methods to generate nuclear power using processes other than fission is proceeding in incremental steps.	0
Would he have substituted a computer screen for where he had the patient? 	1
19. Around 1990, there was substantial interest in new methods for producing fissile material, particularly those utilizing laser radiation.	0
When are they going to come by and explain things to me? 	1
The first of these aspects seems to have lost much of its salience.	0
and our own perceptions as physicians of the best medical care. 	1
Even though this technology is not by far mature, it is seen by many supporters as an important future cornerstone of national security.	0
And I learned very early on with my first patient that I could not do justice to this very complicated patient with all the records they were bringing in a new patient visit of 45 minutes. 	1
In later years this problem has taken on a new dimension owing to the concern now held in many States that nuclear materials may be stolen and smuggled across national borders, with implications both for proliferation and for nuclear terrorism.	0
We know the average American physician interrupts their patient in 14 seconds. 	1
These result in electromagnetic radiation ranging from radio waves to X-rays, high-energy protons and changes in the interplanetary solar winds.	0
I'm an infectious disease physician, and in the early days of HIV, before we had our medications, I presided over so many scenes like this. 	1
38. So far only the United States and the Russian Federation maintain military radar satellites in orbit.	0
And we felt the most important priority was to bring together two sets of problems. 	1
This is overcome by the satellites in the Trumpet series that are placed in highly elliptical orbits with the apogee (the longest distance from the Earth’s surface) about 37,000 km above the northern hemisphere and an orbital inclination of 63º.	0
You work by learning, and you learn by working. 	1
Interestingly, it's happened almost entirely without media coverage. 	1
The interception occurs either high in the Earth’s atmosphere or well above it in outer space.	0
We witnessed the eruption of violence in the streets. 	1
New materials, or materials with improved performance and reliability, are being systematically developed to meet those requirements.	0
So here are some of the things they said cause cancer recently: divorce, Wi-Fi, toiletries and coffee. 	1
These materials may find future use as catalysts, superconductors, hydrogen storage materials or photovoltaics.	0
So, "Red wine can help prevent breast cancer." 	1
Fullerenes and their derivatives have not been commercially exploited as yet, but exciting research results reported over the last four years suggest that important applications for these materials in products and devices will occur within the next decade. Structural ceramics	0
It is a description of the changes in one enzyme when you drip a chemical extracted from some red grape skin onto some cancer cells in a dish on a bench in a laboratory somewhere. 	1
70. Research on ceramic matrix composites (CMCs), metal/intermetallic matrix composites (MMCs) and polymer matrix composites (PMCs) is being actively pursued.	0
But that's because people who eat fruit and veg and olive oil, they're freaks, they're not normal, they're like you; they come to events like this. 	1
As the principles that govern the assembly of such molecules become better understood, they will be capable of correspondingly more complex functions.	0
And so you're bound to make your new drug look better. 	1
And I think that's the funniest epidemiology joke that you will ever hear. 	1
According to some estimates,29 122 million users were expected by mid-1998, of which almost 60 per cent are in North America.	0
That's how you can prove it statistically, but what about stories? 	1
95. The way that humans use such information is becoming better understood through research in the cognitive sciences.	0
But the companies withheld that data from them, and so did the European Medicines Agency for three years. 	1
103. In line with its impact on legal communication trends, information technology has strengthened international criminal networks, allowing minority groups, including pornographers, to exchange information for training and other illegal purposes.	0
The current trend towards huge companies dominating production of software in some sectors is being mirrored in the rise of the large multinational information system support houses.	0
Around the same time, I was going through an audition -- the first ever open audition by national television in China -- with another thousand college girls. 	1
The barriers of language and time, as well as distance, are significantly reduced in the world of the Web.	0
After seven rounds of competition, I was the last one to survive it. 	1
114. What is not theoretical is that molecular biology research has led to the development of many sophisticated techniques that are being used in basic and applied research, development of new products and processes, the industrial production of pharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals, and many other applications.	0
If an analyst believes that RNA might be present in a sample, the first step is to treat it with the enzyme reverse transcriptase, which produces a DNA copy of the RNA.	0
And then lately, people are very concerned about cooking oil, because thousands of people have been found [refining] cooking oil from restaurant slop. 	1
Briefly, to perform MALDI the sample is deposited on a suitable organic material.	0
Later, I would work on evolutionary genetics, and I would work on systems biology. 	1
As a result, the ability to identify a large number of pathogens and toxins at once in a single, rapid assay would be immensely helpful.	0
So he was convinced, but, in fact, most people aren't. 	1
The event of an antibody binding to an antigen generates a signal, which is visually conveyed to the operator.	0
Except that nowadays, it's heavily disputed. 	1
And I decided to create a system that has all the properties that are necessary to see the evolution of complexity, more and more complex problems constantly evolving. 	1
If necessary, measures should be taken to discuss the problem of Japan’s past crimes at the General Assembly or to bring it to the attention of the International Court of Justice.	0
Well it turns out, we have many different alternatives for such a set of building blocks. 	1
Taking into account the constant aspiration of the two peoples to build democratic, law-based and secular States,	0
They shall promote the development of inter-parliamentary ties, cooperation and the exchange of information in the area of legislative activity, and the formation and functioning of democratic bodies.	0
Did you know that we Americans have about three times the amount of space we did 50 years ago? 	1
India should consider the above suggestions in the context of efforts towards addressing the Jammu and Kashmir issue, which is the core problem between Pakistan and India.	0
6. In pursuance of paragraph 35 (ix) b of the action programme, the Secretary-General had established a high-level interdepartmental task force to foster and coordinate the incorporation of disarmament-development perspective in the activities of the United Nations system.	0
So it's very easy for either humans or machines to separate these metals from one another and from other materials. 	1
It calls upon the nuclear-weapons-capable States to sign and ratify the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty and adhere to the Non-Proliferation Treaty.	0
“Towards a Nuclear-weapon-free world: the need for a new agenda	0
And by the way, please don't try this technique at home. 	1
“In this connection we recall the unanimous conclusion of the International Court of Justice in its 1996 advisory opinion that there exists an obligation to pursue in good faith and bring to a conclusion negotiations leading to nuclear disarmament in all its aspects under strict and effective international control.	0
But we also stress the importance that they be joined in a seamless process by those with lesser arsenals at the appropriate juncture.	0
And not just sustainable from an environmental standpoint, sustainable from an economic standpoint as well. 	1
“An international ban on the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices (cut-off) would further underpin the process towards the total elimination of nuclear weapons.	0
And they get to make more sustainable products. 	1
So I hope I've changed the way you look at at least some of the stuff in your life. 	1
Mexico supports the General Assembly in calling upon all States to commence multilateral negotiations leading to an early conclusion of a nuclear weapons convention prohibiting the development, production, testing, deployment, stockpiling, transfer, threat or use of nuclear weapons and providing for their elimination.	0
I, as the conductor, have to come to the rehearsal with a cast-iron sense of the outer architecture of that music, within which there is then immense personal freedom for the members of the orchestra to shine. 	1
The international community reacted strongly in opposition to these tests and outlined, in Security Council resolution 1172 (1998) of 6 June 1998, a series of common objectives – or benchmarks – for defusing tensions between India and Pakistan, bringing the two States into global non-proliferation regimes, and strengthening those regimes worldwide.	0
Now it emerged early on in the first rehearsal period that one of those white performers had, in his previous incarnation, been a member of the South African police force. 	1
Symbols of United Nations documents are composed of capital letters combined with figures.	0
So how do we recover from that, ladies and gentlemen? 	1
We're going to sing those three wonderful notes: T, E, D. 	1
14. Upon the nomination of the representative of Egypt, the Committee elected by acclamation Mr. Abdullahi Abubakar (Nigeria) to serve as a Vice-Chairman and complete an unexpired term of office in the Bureau.	0
(b) Activities of the Joint United Nations Information Committee (A/AC.198/1998/3 and Corr.1).	0
You can imagine, the musicians were disconsolate. 	1
One speaker, addressing the Committee on behalf of a large group, acknowledged UNESCO’s important work in cooperating with news agencies and broadcasting organizations in developing countries to disseminate information on priority issues.	0
Well it turns out that the secret was broccoli. 	1
A great many delegations supported the broad objectives of the new orientation for the field of information, as contained in the report of the Secretary-General.	0
So she'd act as if what she wanted was just the opposite of what the babies wanted. 	1
One speaker was of the view that it would be inadvisable to resort to private contributions to meet financial shortages, as it could affect the priorities established by Member States.	0
And actually in many ways, they're worse than useless, because we have to put so much time and energy into just keeping them alive. 	1
On the other hand, many speakers emphasized that the United Nations must continue to build enduring partnerships with non-governmental organizations, the media, educational institutions and other representatives of civil society.	0
And of course, we human beings are way out on the end of the distribution like the crows. 	1
Several speakers stated that integration was not effectively serving the greater interest of the United Nations and its public information responsibilities, and one asked for a review of the integration exercise, taking into account experience in the field.	0
We don't have to do anything. All we have to do is learn. 	1
Another delegation said that its Government valued highly the activities of the information component in the United Nations office in Minsk, and another speaker praised the activities of the United Nations information centre in Accra.	0
Another way of thinking about it is instead of thinking of babies and children as being like defective grownups, we should think about them as being a different developmental stage of the same species -- kind of like caterpillars and butterflies -- except that they're actually the brilliant butterflies who are flitting around the garden and exploring, and we're the caterpillars who are inching along our narrow, grownup, adult path. 	1
Another speaker said that Spanish-language stations should receive radio programmes through the Internet. Several delegations drew attention to the need for increased United Nations Radio broadcasting in Russian, as well as for publications in that language.	0
(f) To provide full support for the International Programme for the Development of Communication7 of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, which should support both public and private media.	0
What's it like to be one of these brilliant butterflies who can test five hypotheses in two minutes? 	1
18. Takes note of the proposals contained in the report of the Secretary-General’s Task Force on the Reorientation of United Nations Public Information Activities8 concerning United Nations information centres, including the proposal for the organizing of a United Nations information centres network and the establishment of regional hubs, and notes that these proposals are being considered by the Department of Public Information;	0
29. Expresses its full support for the wide, accurate, equal and prompt coverage of United Nations activities through the continuation of United Nations press releases both in working languages of the Secretariat, namely English and French, and, where circumstances require, in other languages, and stresses the importance of the continued speedy issue and high quality of those press releases in both working languages;	0
And one day, one of his customers came into his workshop and asked him to clean the watch that he'd bought. 	1
35. Underlines the continued importance for the Department of Public Information of using traditional and mass media channels to disseminate information on the United Nations, and encourages the Department of Public Information to take full advantage of recent developments in information technologies, such as the Internet, to improve, in a cost-effective manner, the dissemination of information on the United Nations, taking into account the linguistic diversity of the Organization;	0
I felt something in this plexus of blood vessels and nerves, and there must be some muscles in there as well somewhere, I guess. 	1
2. I have had the opportunity to meet with him on several occasions, and I am pleased to note the provision of availability, dialogue and cooperation on his part.	0
These are the bits, the pleasure centers, and maybe what I'm seeing and sensing and feeling is bypassing my thinking. 	1
3. I would also like to extend my greetings to his predecessor, Mr. Samir Sanbar, whose dynamic in dealing with information issues was always an encouragement to me, and I wish to thank him for the support that I received throughout the years.	0
And this is the dilemma, this is the paradox, of beauty. 	1
Here lies, I believe, the true meaning of “communications culture”.	0
This new medium, though still in the early stages of its development, has compelled communications and information specialists everywhere to recognize its far-reaching potential, and they have been responding immediately.	0
Now when talking about beauty you can't get away from the fact that a lot experiments have been done in this way with faces and what have you. 	1
We in the Department of Public Information can do no less.	0
And one of the most tedious ones, I think, was saying that beauty was about symmetry. 	1
12. In keeping with the Department’s role in developing and implementing the information and communications programmes of the Organization, I should like to stress the need to continue the close working relations that exist between the Department of Public Information and other substantive departments of the Secretariat.	0
As a result, the report received outstanding worldwide media coverage.	0
It's not about the shapes, it's how the shapes reflect light. 	1
To respond to such challenges quickly and effectively requires both an effective news-gathering capacity and, at the same time, a media response capacity.	0
I can't tell you how wonderful this is. 	1
What is needed is to further strengthen its news-gathering and timely distribution capacity.	0
I believe copies of the latest edition are available on the table at the back of this room.	0
I will be reporting to Member States on possible further steps in this regard as soon as possible.	0
This is pretty close to intrinsic beauty. This one, as long as you know what water is like then you can experience this. 	1
In the meantime, the Department is preparing to launch a pilot project for a direct broadcasting schedule for selected regions in Africa and Europe.	0
It's lovely because it is an embodiment of something refreshing and delicious. 	1
Professionally headed information centres are crucial in regard to keeping these organizations informed and engaged, while drawing on their energy, resource base and networks to promote United Nations communications objectives.	0
Discussions are already taking place within the newly created United Nations Development Group on practical issues in this context.	0
29. In all aspects of the integration exercise, we will proceed within the parameters set by the General Assembly, namely, on a case-by-case basis, taking into account the views of the host country and ensuring that the information functions and autonomy of the information centres are not adversely affected.	0
But just go to the Web, YouTube, pull it down, "folding T-shirt." 	1
In that endeavour, it has worked closely with other substantive departments of the Secretariat, as well as with the funds, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations system to identify information priorities, formulate appropriate information programmes and project a unified message of the United Nations in order to tackle a wide array of global problems and concerns.	0
During that period, great public interest worldwide led to the broadcast of the Department’s documentary material on United Nations work in Iraq on television networks throughout the world.	0
And the way information is structured is totally incapable of keeping up with this process. 	1
The Department is looking forward to the advice and assistance of the Committee in securing possible extrabudgetary resources for this purpose.	0
So that puts me in pretty illustrious company. 	1
To meet this demand, the Department established, through redeployment of staff, a new Information Technology Section in the Office of the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information, responsible for the coordination, management and maintenance of the United Nations home page, as well as for assistance and training of user offices in preparation of contents for the site.	0
 Also, the person to your left is a liar. 	1
To ensure more effective oversight and enhanced service to depository libraries, a joint inter-agency programme of visits to those institutions was initiated earlier this year.	0
United Nations information centres worldwide are uniquely equipped to perform that function at the local level and to bring to the members of their communities a sense of the relevance of the work of the United Nations to those members’ daily lives, by tailoring the Organization’s message to local conditions and interests for maximum impact and providing it with a local face and voice.	0
We can't believe how prevalent lying is. 	1
5. Rule 3 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly provides that the Assembly shall meet at the Headquarters of the United Nations unless convened elsewhere in pursuance of a decision taken at a previous session or at a request of the majority of the Members of the United Nations.	0
(e) Communications costs, including tele and video communications costs between Geneva and New York;	0
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to show you two patterns of deception. 	1
If his lips are silent, he chatters with his fingertips." 	1
They cannot be consciously contracted, especially if you overdid the Botox. 	1
Reports of these workshops, as well as the report of the Secretary-General on the subject, were submitted to the Commission (E/CN.5/1998/4, E/CN.5/1998/5 and E/CN.5/1998/2, respectively).	0
It's still somewhat of a healthy relationship. 	1
18. With regard to the priority theme, the Commission adopted a resolution in which it decided to adopt agreed conclusions on the topic and to transmit them to the Economic and Social Council for consideration at its substantive session of 1998 and appropriate follow-up action, as well as to the Preparatory Committee for the Special session of the General Assembly, and to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs acting in the capacity of the preparatory body for the June 1998 special session of the Assembly devoted to countering the world drug problem together, at its second session in March 1998.	0
And for that reason, it's very, very hard to recover from. 	1
20. It should be noted that the priority themes for the thirty-seventh session of the Commission for Social Development (February 1999) will be “Social services for all” and “Initiation of the overall review of the implementation of the outcome of the Summit”.	0
It's marked by one lip corner pulled up and in. 	1
They don't mean anything in and of themselves. 	1
The 1998 seminar, to be convened at the end of October 1998, will address “Political culture and institutions for a world community”.	0
And if you look closely, you'll see duping delight throughout this video. 	1
And that -- maybe it'll fade too with time -- but I don't think so. 	1
Concerned about the financial crisis affecting a number of countries, the Council recognized the need for improved measures to address the negative effects of the volatility of international capital flows in the international trading system and the development prospects of developing countries.	0
ILO also worked with its Governing Body to adapt these lessons learned and experiences to a broader set of country employment reviews and a process at regional seminars and at an international consultation on the follow-up to the Summit.	0
So I'm here to explain why I'm wearing these ninja pajamas. 	1
The International Labour Conference held in June 1998 adopted a Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, committing Member States to respect the principles inherent in core labour standards and promoting their universal application.	0
UNICEF is working with Governments, UNDP and the World Bank to place the policy issues related to the financing of basic social services on the agenda of round table and consultative group meetings.	0
The Infinity Burial Project began a few years ago with a fantasy to create the Infinity Mushroom -- a new hybrid mushroom that would decompose bodies, clean the toxins and deliver nutrients to plant roots, leaving clean compost. 	1
Its expanded social agenda includes promoting community-based development, strengthening indigenous capacity and engaging in public consultation and outreach to many new partners.	0
It's also a step towards taking responsibility for my own burden on the planet. 	1
51. The Social Capital Initiative has three goals: (a) to aim to assess the impact of initiatives to strengthen social capital on project effectiveness; (b) to demonstrate that outside assistance can help in the process of social capital formation; and (c) to contribute to the development of indicators for monitoring social capital and methodologies for measuring its impact on development.	0
First, a burial suit infused with mushroom spores, the Mushroom Death Suit. 	1
From this perspective, ECLAC has been conducting studies on such issues as growth and social equity, role of social policy, relevance of environmental and demographic aspects, educational reform for development with social equity, regional and world economic integration.	0
The Survey also examined the trends and patterns of equity in the region as well as the interrelationship between poverty, income inequality and growth.	0
The whole world is laid out for you, the best jobs are laid out for you, and you want to go and work in a village? 	1
Governments agreed to this at the organizational session of the Preparatory Committee for the special session.	0
You are certified by the community you serve. 	1
Consider report of Commission for Social Development	0
And we have 60 meals twice a day of solar cooking. 	1
of Morocco to the United Nations addressed to the	0
In the light of the deliberations of its members, the Committee reaffirmed its total solidarity with the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO) in its just struggle to end the Israeli occupation and re-establish the Palestinian people's inalienable national rights, including their right to return, to self-determination and to statehood on their national soil with Al-Quds Al-Sharif as their capital.	0
3. The Committee urged all countries to comply with Security Council resolution 478 (1980) calling on them to refrain from moving their diplomatic missions to the City of Al-Quds and to avoid dealing with the Israeli occupation authorities in any manner that may be construed in any way, as a tacit admission of the fait accompli imposed by Israel which considered the City of Al-Quds as its capital.	0
He is my psychoanalyst. He is my teacher. 	1
Army sources revealed that, between 1990 and 1997, 480 people had been killed or injured, including 134 dead and 249 injured civilians.	0
Eight years after the end of the war, it is essential that normal conditions be restored in the affected areas and that the return and rehabilitation of displaced persons be completed soonest.	0
"Why not?" "The woman, look how beautiful she is." 	1
Also in 1997, the banking sector agreed on a convention to prevent and combat money laundering, mainly through sensitization and training of all bank personnel, monitoring and investigation and the setting and enforcement of sanctions.	0
And listen to people. They have the solutions in front of you. 	1
To achieve the integration of culture in development, it is also important that the country’s cultural heritage be preserved and developed, that, inter alia, work on archaeological and historical sites be intensified, that ongoing curriculum reform include teaching of a common history, common values and civic education and that the arts and popular culture be supported.	0
They have all the solutions in the world. 	1
In addition, the major development at the economic policy level has been the increased resolve of the Government, in cooperation with Parliament, to address the structural problems and rigidities of the fiscal situation and to put in place an effective policy of austerity (see public finance in part IV below).	0
The approval of a draft law to join the World Trade Organization (WTO) as an observer and the decision to carry out the economic and social council programme of the League of Arab States towards the establishment of an Arab free trade zone (under WTO rules) will profoundly influence national economic and social policies in the medium term.	0
In winter, exactly the opposite is happening. 	1
Just under US$ 2,000 million of the total value of contracts awarded was funded by foreign sources.	0
21. Nine hundred and forty-eight contracts with a value of US$ 932 million were completed between January 1992 and end December 1997.	0
And across the world today, we see a sort of cyber arms race, with cyberwar units built up by countries like North Korea or even Iran. 	1
In the telecommunications sector, installed digital telephone exchanges and optical fibre transmission systems covering 980,000 lines were completed and the related local distribution network is nearing completion.	0
which was indeed the case in Europe between 1650 and 1750. 	1
The results of a UNESCO/UNICEF survey on education achievement in the tenth grade (troisième) were published by the Education Research and Development Center in 1997 (results of a similar survey at the primary level were published in 1996).	0
The United Nations system has provided a coherent response in supporting a two-year programme of rehabilitation of basic education, agreed upon in February 1997.	0
And we interact with the physical world with our hands. 	1
Cooperation activities in support of basic health care have involved considerable advocacy work for more government attention, and allocations, to primary health care in general, but have yet to show tangible results.	0
So it's intuitive, and it works pretty well. 	1
The most recent data available reveal that, at the national level, the infant mortality rate has decreased to below 28 per thousand (goal 25 per thousand and, in under-served areas, 35 per thousand).	0
We built our own arm at the Rehab Institute of Chicago where we've added some wrist flexion and shoulder joints to get up to six motors, or six degrees of freedom. 	1
More than 90 per cent of the targeted 375,000 children were vaccinated.	0
Those nerves can put out command signals. 	1
The project includes the preparation of an inventory of greenhouse gas emissions from different sources; assessment of Lebanon’s vulnerability to climatic change; and an investigation of ways and means to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the country and the impact of these measures on the national economy.	0
Jesse came to us at the RIC to be fit with these state-of-the-art devices, and here you see them. 	1
Since 1993, the International Finance Corporation has built a portfolio of 17 projects with a total value of US$ 666 million covering three main sectors: capital markets, construction materials and infrastructure.	0
Then we had one of those little surprises in science. 	1
Efforts towards these ends must be anchored in good governance, participation and democratization, as a basis for long-term stability.	0
The seminar provided an occasion to exchange points of view and ideas on improving the relevance and efficiency of macroeconomic policy and on reactivating and diversifying the economy.	0
Now this is a research arm, but it's made out of commercial components from here down and a few that I've borrowed from around the world. 	1
Access to legal and judicial services as well as efficient functioning of the system are issues.	0
TK: So we're really excited, because now we're getting to a clinically practical device. 	1
46. As indicated in the present report, the Government is engaged in a major programme of rehabilitation of the public administration and the formulation of a long-term reform strategy.	0
Amanda, how many were you able to do with the DEKA arm? 	1
VI. Role and activities of the United Nations system: summary and conclusion	0
TK: That's Claudia, and that was the first time she got to feel sensation through her prosthetic. 	1
I should be grateful if you would have the text of this letter and its annex circulated as a document of the General Assembly.	0
 I want to start though with a paradox. 	1
Letter dated 6 August 1998 from the representatives of the	0
We collected data on problems with social gradients, the kind of problems that are more common at the bottom of the social ladder. 	1
We have the honour to transmit herewith the text of a statement on the outcome of the Russian-Uzbek talks held in Tashkent on 4 August 1998 regarding the situation in Afghanistan.	0
the United Nations to the United Nations English Page	0
The more unequal countries on all these kinds of social problems. 	1
In all three cases, the Board has restricted the scope of its opinion because it was unable to obtain sufficient evidence, in the form of audit reports from Governments and non-governmental organizations, that funds advanced to them for national execution projects had been expended for the purposes intended.	0
In UNDCP, notwithstanding the lack of audit reports on nationally executed projects, the programme had made significant progress in encouraging executing agencies to provide audit reports.	0
Basically, it's asking: do rich fathers have rich sons and poor fathers have poor sons, or is there no relationship between the two? 	1
5. The Board confirmed that organizations have generally complied with the common accounting standards for the biennium 1996–1997.	0
And in Scandinavian countries, fathers' income is much less important. 	1
However, gross receipts from the United Nations Gift Centre declined from $5.8 million in the biennium 1994–1995 to $2.6 million in the biennium 1996–1997 on account of the administration’s decision to out-source the Gift Centre operations and consequently to curtail the purchase of new items for sale.	0
10. The liquidity ratios in UNICEF, UNRWA and the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation (UNHHSF) were below the accepted standard, which requires that the ratio of current assets to current liabilities be 2 to 1.	0
Such time lags could create a risk that expenditures may be improperly charged to operationally closed projects.	0
And he comes up with this incredibly complicated device. 	1
The Board, therefore, recommended that, as part of the ongoing reforms, the administration determine and implement the optimum ratio of personnel engaged in programme activities to those engaged in administration and management (ibid., paras. 117-119).	0
In fact, he would always get upset when people referred to the bombsight as his invention, because in his eyes, only God could invent things. 	1
40. In UNFPA, while the total number of field office staff had increased substantially, the total number of headquarters staff remained relatively static.	0
He was simply the instrument of God's will. 	1
During 1996–1997, UNU was not able to generate sufficient income through utilization of the available accommodation in the University’s building at the headquarters to achieve this.	0
Thirdly, when Norden was making his calculations, he assumed that a plane would be flying at a relatively slow speed at low altitudes. 	1
In 1996–1997, income from the building decreased to $2.31 million from $2.8 million during 1994–1995; expenditure on its maintenance during 1996–1997 was $4.13 million.	0
Well in a real war, you can't do that; you'll get shot down. 	1
The Board recommended that, as a matter of urgency, the administration review the cost-effectiveness and viability of the Mercure project, including its compatibility with the United Nations communications system (A/53/5/Add.6, chap. II, paras. 37-40 and 42).	0
We live in a time where there are all kinds of really, really smart people running around, saying that they've invented gadgets that will forever change our world. 	1
Of that amount, approximately $549,098 has been recovered; those cases involved both staff members and non-staff members.	0
If you go into the military, you'll find lots of Carl Nordens as well. 	1
And their mission was to find and to destroy -- remember the Scud missile launchers, those surface-to-air missiles that the Iraqis were launching at the Israelis? 	1
This pilot exercise was conducted during 1979 and 1980.	0
When it winds up its genome, divides into two cells and unwinds again, why does it not turn into an eye, into a liver, as it has all the genes necessary to do this? 	1
Particular attention was drawn to the item on assessing a “rental value” for properties owned by military establishments.	0
For all the reasons you see listed here, we think there's a great opportunity for academic centers to participate in this earliest, conceptually tricky and creative discipline of prototype drug discovery. 	1
In this regard, reference was made to discussions between the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the United Nations in 1992 and 1993, which resulted in a better understanding of a common format for reporting military spending which is currently being reviewed.	0
Yet this information is largely a secret. 	1
I take a piece of paper, I visualize my story, sometimes I sketch, sometimes I don't. 	1
Indeed, participants in the consultations felt that it was much more feasible and appropriate for regional organizations to conduct the sort of follow-up necessary to achieve higher rates of participation.	0
So the word "silhouette" comes from a minister of finance, Etienne de Silhouette. 	1
In Africa, Asia, and the Middle East, partnerships might be formed with governmental or non-governmental organizations, depending on interest.	0
47. Participants in the 23 April consultations urged the Secretariat to focus its attention and resources on devising various prestige-enhancing mechanisms to deliver the message to Member States that by participating in the military reporting system they were “good international citizens”.	0
For example, it was proposed that the Secretary-General should produce a short report giving special recognition to those Member States that participate in the reporting system and listing, in an appendix without comment, those countries that have not reported.	0
They were installed in the museum on two floors, but in fact, it's a continuous image. 	1
National currency and unit of measure: pesos	0
I made an artist book that's in stainless steel instead of paper. 	1
So it acts as a screen to protect the rail and the commuter, and not to have objects falling on the rails. 	1
National currency and unit of measure: 10,000,000 Italian lire	0
And in 2009, I was asked to make a poster to be placed in the subway cars in New York City for a year. 	1
"Where were you the 11th?" "Where were you the 10th?" 	1
And if there were, I would have remembered that one." 	1
National currency and unit of measure: 100,000 pounds sterling	0
And I was like, "All we need is Alaska not to get the last memo, and here we go all over again." 	1
Country: United States of America Fiscal year: 1 January–31 December 1996	0
Northwest flight seven coming into Seattle on March 12th" or whatever. 	1
National currency and unit of measure: 1,000,000 United States dollars	0
A couple weeks later, I'd call again, let them know. 	1
Programme on Enhancing Security and Development	0
You don't have to waste your energy or your resources. 	1
Mr. David Prichett Government Finance Division	0
 These are the airports that I hang out in, because I like airports. 	1
II. Statement by the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information at the opening of the twentieth session of the Committee on Information A/53/21	0
Now if you go to my bank records, it'll actually show something from there, so you know that, on May 9th, that I bought $14.79 in fuel from Safeway Vallejo. 	1
So I time-stamp my life every few moments. 	1
Chairman: Mr. José Alberto de Sousa (Portugal)	0
Technological achievements in the field of information had obliterated the “constraints of time and space within and between nations”, in the words of one speaker.	0
One delegation welcomed the recent publicity given by the Department of Public Information to the report of the Secretary-General on the causes of conflict and the promotion of durable peace and sustainable development in Africa.	0
Baseline levels are near zero, without some stimulus to cause its release. 	1
So we recruit some people for an experiment. 	1
On this same subject, one delegation asked that the Department of Public Information “diversify its linguistic programmes” to include Farsi.	0
when your brain is flooded with oxytocin? 	1
11. Urges the Secretary-General to exert all efforts to ensure that publications, as well as other public information products of the Department of Public Information, contain comprehensive, objective and equitable information about the issues before the Organization and maintain editorial independence, impartiality, accuracy and full consistency with resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly;	0
So the way many cons work is not that the conman gets the victim to trust him, it's that he shows he trusts the victim. 	1
28. Recognizes the continued enhanced cooperation between the Department of Public Information and the University of Peace in Costa Rica as a focal point for promoting United Nations activities and disseminating United Nations information materials;	0
There's another way oxytocin is inhibited, which is interesting -- through the action of testosterone. 	1
His group was of the view that draft resolution A, particularly the part on the new world information and communication order, was of particular importance.	0
2. I have had the opportunity to meet with him on several occasions, and I am pleased to note the provision of availability, dialogue and cooperation on his part.	0
3. I would also like to extend my greetings to his predecessor, Mr. Samir Sanbar, whose dynamic in dealing with information issues was always an encouragement to me, and I wish to thank him for the support that I received throughout the years.	0
When I wrote my report to the Koreans, I said, "Look, I don't know what this guy was doing," but my guess was interacting with his mother or his girlfriend. 	1
24. From the early days of the Organization, it was recognized that the United Nations could not achieve its purposes unless the peoples of the world were fully informed of its aims and activities.	0
One reason is a very smart five year-old could tell you the algorithm for that top problem -- look at all possible moves to the end of the game and choose the one that makes you win. 	1
32. In paragraph 6 of its resolution 52/70 B of 10 December 1997, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to the Committee on Information at its twentieth session on United Nations public information activities.	0
So for example, if you put your hand under a table and try to localize it with your other hand, you can be off by several centimeters due to the noise in sensory feedback. 	1
The activities of this office continue to provide vital assistance to correspondents permanently accredited at Headquarters; accreditations numbered 2,352 in 1997, while 3,940 additional temporary media accreditations were issued at Headquarters to media representatives attending specific events or using media services of the Department of Public Information.	0
Now what I want to convince you of is the brain also goes through a lot of effort to reduce the negative consequences of this sort of noise and variability. 	1
37. Owing to its direct and far-reaching access and cost-effectiveness, radio remains one of the most important communications media for the United Nations, particularly in times of crisis.	0
And the fundamental idea is you want to make inferences and then take actions. 	1
In New York, a special event featured several notable speakers, including the First Lady of the United States of America and Nobel laureate Wole Soyinka.	0
And what it means is we really are Bayesian inference machines. 	1
47. The Department has also developed a programme of outreach activities to heighten public awareness of youth issues, broaden substantive knowledge of youth concerns and encourage youth involvement in United Nations issues, in preparation for the World Youth Forum and the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth, scheduled to be held in Lisbon in August 1998, to review and appraise the progress in the implementation of the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond.	0
This will enhance the use of Internet communications between Headquarters and offices in the field.	0
Now I have to admit, these are the worst studies my lab has ever run. 	1
Because electronic subscriptions have proved to be more cost-effective and timely, the Library has continued its efforts to replace print with electronic subscriptions whenever possible and to initiate cost recovery where feasible.	0
Now I happen to know my children don't lie, so I thought, as a neuroscientist, it was important how I could explain how they were telling inconsistent truths. 	1
At present, UNBIS includes, for the period 1946–1997, resolutions of the General Assembly, Economic and Social Council, Security Council and the Commission on Human Rights, as well as documents of the International Court of Justice.	0
 Now we don't work with children, we don't work with hitting, but the concept is identical. 	1
Staff were trained both in computer applications and in Internet use. That most centres now have the ability to communicate by electronic mail contributes to our being brought closer together and makes possible the immediate transmittal of the latest information from Headquarters.	0
Well if I choose the left-hand path, I can work out the forces required in one of my muscles as a function of time. 	1
2. In the establishment of a preliminary estimate of resources for the biennium 2000–2001, the current level of appropriations, namely, $2,532.3 million, was taken as the starting-point.	0
There are many diseases which effect movement. 	1
Under the circumstances, the Secretary-General believes that the current arrangements are an unsatisfactory basis for organizing future resource management.	0
Now my own speciality is combining digital technology and magic. 	1
Jointly financed administrative activities and special expenses	0
Life also has a kind of inheritable information. 	1
4. The following interpreter posts were abolished: in New York, three P-2s; in Geneva, six P-2s and three P-3s; in Vienna, five P-3s.	0
11. Before 1981, the traditional method of having original texts translated initially by relatively junior language staff, the translators, and then revised by more senior and more experienced members of the translation services, the revisers, was the only method used at the United Nations.	0
Certain kind of molecules like to associate with the clay. For example, in this case, RNA, shown in red -- this is a relative of DNA, it's an informational molecule -- with the surface of this clay. 	1
13. At Headquarters, the average rate of self-revision over the period from April 1997 to March 1998 was 47.8 per cent, not far from the ratio recommended by ACABQ and the General Assembly.	0
All posts at the P-4 level have been reclassified accordingly, and the distribution of assignments reflects these changes.	0
It's a pool of water, and the protocell starts moving itself around in the system. 	1
Systematic feedback is provided in the form of occasional corrections to their translations and one-on-one discussions with revisers.	0
We take this same moving protocell here, and we put it in another experiment, get it moving. Then I'm going to add some food to the system, and you'll see that in blue here, right? 	1
4. Also at its thirty-first session, on the basis of discussion papers presented by its members, the Board examined three topics of acute interest to multilateral disarmament efforts: a new agenda for disarmament, new technologies and their impact on disarmament, and the costs of disarmament.	0
But then something even more interesting happens. 	1
14. Several suggestions were made about what the Secretary-General could do to strengthen the preparatory process: as a first priority, underlining on appropriate occasions that the processes of nuclear disarmament and of nuclear non-proliferation must run in parallel and stressing, in contacts with the five permanent members of the Security Council, the urgent need to keep the nuclear disarmament agenda moving in order to reinforce the non-proliferation regime.	0
in 2007 by the National Research Council in the United States, wherein they tried to understand how we can look for life elsewhere in the universe, okay, especially if that life is very different from life on Earth. If we went to another planet and we thought there might be life there, how could we even recognize it as life? 	1
27. In a related matter, the Board was informed of the proposal by President Hosni Mubarak of Egypt, made soon after the tests on the subcontinent, to convene a conference to explore ways to achieve a world free of all weapons of mass destruction in phases over a 20-year time-frame.	0
And at the slightest sound, they hide back again. 	1
It was stressed, however, that the deadlock in the Conference was due to a crisis in confidence or lack of trust.	0
Of course, it got much better after that. 	1
It also called for a short-term strategy that would focus on consolidating existing agreements and actions to reduce nuclear-weapon stockpiles, implementing measures to reduce the risks of inadvertent nuclear war, and dividing the elements of the multidimensional strategy into a number of phases, with indicative time periods for completion.	0
So I'm just going to show you a very early prototype. 	1
It was also proposed that, if feasible or appropriate, UNIDIR could assist in that preparation.	0
But we use it because we're interested in the way that it can help us to express the emotions and behavioral patterns in these creatures that we create. 	1
We were very lucky to have two of our partners participate in this: the Historic Scotland, and the Glasgow School of Art. 	1
Now just like the physical maps of our world that have been highly influenced by technology -- think Google Maps, think GPS -- the same thing is happening for brain mapping through transformation. 	1
Scientists, sort of at the end of the 20th century, learned that they could track blood flow to map non-invasively where activity was going on in the human brain. 	1
Adviser, Regional Information Technology and Software Engineering Center	0
There's the cerebellum; that's keeping you upright right now. 	1
And the nerves themselves are the ones who are receiving input. 	1
The Assembly requested the Secretary-General, in collaboration with relevant organizations of the United Nations system, including funds and programmes and the World Bank, to submit to it at its fifty-third session a report on the role of microcredit in the eradication of poverty.	0
And so our project is seeking to look at this readout, understanding which of these 25,000 genes is turned on. 	1
The repayment period is relatively short, about a year or so.	0
And so you can see here, old-fashioned technology of the paintbrush being applied. 	1
If the transaction costs, combined with high interest rates, require that the operation in question generate profit margins of the order of 30 to 50 per cent, it is not clear that this would be economically beneficial.	0
We're taking over a thousand samples for each brain. 	1
Yet, few countries have substantial land reform programmes.	0
We've put all of that together into one thing, and I'll show you what that synthesis looks like. 	1
Borrowers are organized into groups, which reduces the risk of default.	0
So what can scientists learn about this data? 	1
It is reported that the meetings reinforce a culture of discipline, routine repayments and staff accountability.	0
27. CGAP, which comprises 25 members, including United Nations bodies, is a multi-donor effort to address the problems facing microfinancing.	0
And those genes are interesting, but they're very subtle. 	1
Under the provisions of General Assembly resolution 52/194, all United Nations organs were requested to provide information on their activities; this information is contained in chapter III below.	0
Whether or not that's due to an individual's genetic background or their experiences, we don't know. 	1
Dynamic leadership and paid management staff are probably crucial.	0
The Department is also the focal point for the First United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty.	0
We all very matter of factly bought a pair of pants, put them on and said, "Thank you. That's exactly what I needed today," and then exited without revealing what had happened and went in all different directions. 	1
The work programme for 1998–1999 also includes a study on the role of microfinancing on the sustainable development of small and medium-sized enterprises.	0
In this regard, ECA also intends to take measures to strengthen cooperation with bilateral and multilateral partners.	0
We didn't let the stores know we were coming. 	1
To help overcome these problems, ECE is supporting the following: (a) favourable national policies on microenterprises and microcredit organizations; (b) evaluation of current experiences through surveys and workshops; (c) elaboration of medium-term and long-term capacity-building programmes to create cost-effective and self-sustaining microcredit organizations; and (d) creation of long-term national and international grants and funds to implement national programmes.	0
Just stand around and don't face products." 	1
The projects are located in Africa, Asia and Latin America.	0
It's a perfectly wonderful way to spent a weekend afternoon, watching a football game in a stadium. 	1
You know, as kids, we're taught to play. 	1
THE SITUATION IN AFGHANISTAN AND ITS IMPLICATIONS FOR INTERNATIONAL PEACE AND SECURITY	0
And especially when you take a tracking position, you have the feeling that you are flying. 	1
Their provisions completely divest Iraq of sovereign authority and accord it to a group of foreign individuals and United Nations agencies, and they place Iraq in a position where it resembles a protectorate or even a refugee camp managed and controlled by foreign Powers.	0
Four little engines, 22 kilos thrust each, turbines, working with kerosene. 	1
In connection with medicines and the health situation, we ask - and perhaps we shall get an answer from the Special Rapporteur - the reasons that prompted the suspension of 55 million dollars' worth of contracts representing 26 per cent of the amount allocated for phase I under the memorandum of understanding.	0
So that was one of those cases where you let the wings go, right? 	1
It is therefore unreasonable for the Special Rapporteur to focus on the pumping of oil without taking the trouble to enquire about the corresponding delivery of humanitarian supplies to Iraq.	0
And then the landing, as we have seen, arriving on this side of the Channel, So just as a curiosity, where did you land when you flew over the Grand Canyon? 	1
Many developing countries are engaged in far-reaching political and economic reforms, and are asking for United Nations system support to that end.	0
And then Apple released the iPhone, and with it, the iPhone software development kit, and the software development kit is a suite of tools for creating and programming an iPhone app. 	1
The system is thus in a state of transformation, and can be expected to be better placed to meet a wider range of development challenges in more varied national contexts.	0
I'm working with a third party company to make an app. 	1
The animal's clearly in the nursing home. 	1
Although the latter is more difficult to evaluate in terms of specific outcomes, it nevertheless exemplified an important area of assistance by the United Nations system.	0
So this is altogether really, really interesting. 	1
In one case, institutional capacity developed with United Nations system support was eventually bypassed as new approaches to health programmes were being introduced.	0
One essential lesson, which has broad implications, emerges very clearly from that dynamic experience.	0
The daf-2 hormone receptor is very similar to the receptor for the hormone insulin and IGF-1. 	1
The institution served its purpose, and eventually developed into other institutions suited to meet evolving requirements.	0
Insulin is a hormone that promotes the uptake of nutrients into your tissues after you eat a meal. 	1
35. Capacity-building requires a more systematic approach within the United Nations system.	0
So those are hints suggesting that humans are susceptible to the effects of the hormones for aging. 	1
So it's really interesting, and it makes sense in a way, that they're still young, so why would they be getting diseases of aging until their old? 	1
Furthermore, the mid-term reviews of the various conferences are providing a comprehensive picture of results achieved.	0
38. Thematic groups are a main instrument for coordinated United Nations system support for conferences implementation by the Government.	0
You see one gene. There are lots of genes actually that bind on FOXO. 	1
In turn, those entities are becoming more active in the execution and implementation of United Nations system-aided activities, as agents of change and as conduits for global goals.	0
If you knock them out completely, then you're very sick. 	1
62. ODA has many components, and each component has an important rationale attached to it.	0
The programme approach should facilitate the integration of development activities supported by various partners under national management and with a focus on results and outputs.	0
Whenever feasible, country programmes or their equivalent should be presented to the Boards in a coordinated fashion by the funds and programmes, together with the approved country strategy note and UNDAF, where applicable.	0
The Inter-Agency Working Group on Evaluation, which deals with these issues, last met in June 1998.	0
Mitigating the negative social effects of economic reforms is seen as particularly important.	0
Even on my journey up here -- the joy that I have on my journey up here every single time. 	1
98. The General Assembly may wish to take note of progress made in strengthening the resident coordinator system and encourage further progress, with particular reference to: (a) ensuring the full participation of the organizations of the United Nations system in, and support of, the resident coordinator system; (b) continuing to broaden the base of recruitment of resident coordinators and improve selection criteria and procedures, including through the use of competency assessment; (c) continuing to provide training to support team-building and leadership in substantive areas; and (d) ensuring that the resident coordinator takes fully into account the mandates and the interests of all United Nations development system organizations, particularly those without field representation.	0
Our robot belongs to a family of robots called Ballbots. 	1
UNICEF and WFP have practised national execution as part of their mandate for a number of years.	0
A particular challenge remains the complexity of United Nations system procedures.	0
Lothar Meggendorfer put his foot down, and he said, "Genug ist genug!" 	1
It is still early for analysis of their impact, but a discussion is provided in addendum 1 to the present report.	0
And aren't we grateful that we have hearts that can feel these vibrations in order for us to allow ourselves to feel the pleasure and the beauty of nature? 	1
The technical agencies are currently giving renewed attention to the question of how better to link their substantive capabilities to the conduct of operational activities.	0
But what I'm here to talk to you about today is how that same interdependence is actually an extremely powerful social infrastructure that we can actually harness to help heal some of our deepest civic issues, if we apply open source collaboration. 	1
Agencies with country-level presence are becoming increasingly active in thematic groups and aid coordination arrangements of the resident coordinator system, and report that these mechanisms are good vehicles for their involvement in system-wide concerns.	0
Now at the time that I was reading this, it was the middle of the winter in my New York City apartment. 	1
139. Building on existing arrangements and consistent with host government preference, steps should be taken to strengthen cooperation among the Bretton Woods institutions and the rest of the United Nations system in support to government external resource mobilization and aid coordination efforts, including through the round-table process and consultative group mechanisms and other arrangements for policy dialogue with donors.	0
And to fund the project, we partner to create products that we then sell to schools and to individuals who don't have time to build their own systems. 	1
Open source projects tend to have a momentum of their own. 	1
And what we're seeing is that R&amp;D-I-Y has moved beyond just window farms and LEDs into solar panels and aquaponic systems. 	1
So we ask that you join us in rediscovering the value of citizens united, and to declare that we are all still pioneers. 	1
With this job all I needed were my hands and my massage table by my side and I could go anywhere. 	1
I went home from work early one day with what I thought was the flu, and less than 24 hours later I was in the hospital on life support with less than a two percent chance of living. 	1
I was absolutely physically and emotionally broken. 	1
V. Regional dimensions of operational activities	0
8. The relationship between the resident coordinator system and the host Government was the object of an assessment provided to the Economic and Social Council in 1997.	0
And although today is about innovation without borders, I have to say that in my life, innovation has only been possible because of my borders. 	1
2. Human resource management issues in the resident coordinator system	0
So people who have damage to their orbital frontal cortex seem to be unable to feel regret in the face of even obviously very poor decisions. 	1
21. A special effort has been made to increase the number of women resident coordinators, pursuant to paragraph 43 of Assembly resolution 50/120; the results are shown in table 1.	0
And second of all, it requires imagination. 	1
Standardization of these structures is not desirable.	0
But I want to suggest that there's also a fifth one. 	1
A few Governments have indicated a preference for a wider sharing of the cost of the resident coordinator function; this view is usually linked with other suggestions concerning the management arrangements of the resident coordinator function.	0
The whole point of acts of idiocy is that they leave you totally uninsured; they leave you exposed to the world and exposed to your own vulnerability and fallibility in face of, frankly, a fairly indifferent universe. 	1
Sometimes instead of Control-Z, we actually have zero control. 	1
But it turns out, it doesn't remind me of the thing I thought it would; it reminds me constantly of something else instead. 	1
Responses received for the preparation of the present report indicate that development challenges are becoming more complex, requiring greater cooperation and the convergence of the work of different organizations in the follow-up to global conferences.	0
Another spooky property is that it flows with absolutely no viscosity or friction, so if you were to take the lid off that bottle, it won't stay inside. 	1
But the experiment is not the end of the story, because you still have to transmit that knowledge to other people. 	1
65. The UNDG Subgroup on Common Premises and Services has identified 136 countries in which United Nations funds and programmes have a presence, of which 65 have all four programmes present; the current situation is summarized in tables 3 and 4.	0
I started a contest four years ago called Dance Your Ph.D. 	1
Of course someday, in the deep future, a technology of persuasion even more powerful than PowerPoint may be invented, rendering dancers unnecessary as tools of rhetoric. 	1
Resident coordinators confirm that in most programme countries, initiatives to establish a common country assessment are under way or are planned.	0
And as a physician and a surgeon, I can confidently tell my patients that if you had to pick a sense to lose, we are the furthest along medically and surgically with hearing. 	1
Support to capacity-building for monitoring and evaluation is also relevant.	0
And now today we have the modern multi-channel cochlear implant, which is an outpatient procedure. 	1
(g) The country strategy note has neglected to set targets, time-frames and development indicators to assess progress;	0
And without the ability to perceive pitch well, music and melody is a very difficult thing to do -- forget about a harmony and things like that. 	1
I've been very lucky to work with Dr. David Ryugo where I've been working on deaf cats that are white and trying to figure out what happens when we give them cochlear implants. 	1
Before the end of 2011, Ben Ali, and Mubarak, and Gaddafi would be down, and prosecuted. 	1
According to Joint Consultative Group on Policy (JCGP) decisions in 1996, 90 per cent of the respective programmes should be harmonized by the next programming cycles.	0
Well, people power has been there for a while. 	1
Stakeholders are concerned with the issues of complementarity and linkage between country and intercountry activities; coordination of intercountry operations; the role of regional commissions, expanding the prospect for technical cooperation among developing countries; and establishing closer working relationships between United Nations regional and subregional organizations and non-United Nations regional and subregional intergovernmental bodies.	0
This is a project that we call reCAPTCHA, which is something that we started here at Carnegie Mellon, then we turned it into a startup company. 	1
149. There is an ongoing process of capacity-building in the field of evaluation at the country level.	0
Many donors indicated that coordination among United Nations organizations is an important factor.	0
And this is especially true because now we're giving people two randomly chosen English words next to each other. 	1
Other resources increased from $11 million in 1994 to $32 million in 1995 and $43 million in 1996.	0
  And some of them, like paleontological shvisle, they contain Snoop Dogg. 	1
159. ODA from United Nations funds and programmes is widely distributed among 130 countries.	0
But now with the Internet, I've just shown you a project where we've gotten 750 million people to help us digitize human knowledge. 	1
The Board recognized the importance of non-core resources in UNDP’s overall strategy for resource mobilization.	0
It hasn't yet been launched. It's called Duolingo. 	1
A-3. Contributions for operational activities of the United Nations system, by donor, 1997 (continued)	0
So we need people to translate the whole Web. 	1
Modifications have been made to data presentation, column headings and table titles in the interest of greater clarity and internal consistency.	0
So what we want to do is we want to get 100 million people translating the Web into every major language for free. 	1
15. Details and percentages in tables do not necessarily add to totals, because of rounding.	0
And so basically they're learning by doing. 	1
DDSMS Department for Development Support and Management Services of the United Nations Secretariat	0
And as you translate them, and as you see how other people translate them, you start learning the language. 	1
All spiders make silk Most spiders use copious amounts of silk, and silk is essential to their survival and reproduction. 	1
It has supported a trade information network linking a number of Asian countries.	0
Here are stress-strain curves generated by tensile testing So what you can see here is that the five fibers have different behaviors. 	1
In the case of the capture spiral, it needs to be so stretchy to absorb the impact of flying prey. 	1
29. One instrumentality employed by SU/TCDC that is particularly noteworthy is the TCDC programming exercise, also known as capacity and needs matching exercises.	0
It's the combination of strength, extensibility and toughness that makes spider silk so special, and that has attracted the attention of biomimeticists, so people that turn to nature to try to find new solutions. 	1
Even assuming the reliability and accuracy of the reported expenditures, the level of resources allocated for TCDC and ECDC is still quite modest compared with the total resources allocated to traditional technical cooperation activities.	0
I didn't realize there was going to be a little music before. 	1
They should also seek to promote a culture of sharing innovative approaches and best practices in respect of TCDC and ECDC, including innovative financing arrangements.	0
So for example, if I played a color, like we were playing on a palette, that sounded like this ... 	1
48. Since the successful integration of TCDC and ECDC in the operational activities of the United Nations system also requires complementary activities on the part of the developing countries themselves, which have primary responsibility for such cooperation, United Nations organizations and agencies, in particular SU/TCDC within UNDP, should intensify their efforts to assist the developing countries in formulating appropriate national policies for integrating TCDC and ECDC in their national planning and development process and in strengthening their institutional capacity for managing TCDC and ECDC programmes and projects.	0
United Nations organizations and agencies should also seek to increase the allocation of resources for TCDC and ECDC from their regular programme budgets.	0
When you do that, you engage and inspire the other musicians and they give you more, and gradually it builds. 	1
II. Recent developments in the net transfer of resources to developing countries	0
about the country and the people that we pretend to protect, about the villages where the only one medicine to kill the pain and to stop the hunger is opium? 	1
13,000 girls in the rooms underground, full of scorpions. 	1
8. The recent experience in Latin America contrasts sharply with the net-transfer “shock” that Latin America underwent in the early 1980s, when the debt crisis ushered in the “lost decade” of Latin American development.	0
We've made a good job. We've taken it out. 	1
Japan’s ODA spending, which had been one of the fastest expanding items in the budget, thus faces a future of limited growth.	0
Furthermore, the meeting strongly urged UNITA and Dr. Jonas Savimbi to comply fully with the provisions of the Lusaka Protocol and the Security Council resolutions and to desist forthwith from prolonging the suffering of the people of Angola.	0
The eventual goal is that we'll get this into patients. 	1
I'd like to leave you with this final thought. 	1
That can't keep going on, because economic incentives and disincentives are very powerful. 	1
Please find annexed hereto an explanatory memorandum.	0
But that doesn't help because there were very few species and volume of biomass there in the first place. 	1
To ensure that man will never again resort to hostility and conflict as a means to achieve his objectives and will rely increasingly on its ability to persuade and convince, the international community should underline the imperative of dialogue as the accepted mode of interaction and settlement of differences.	0
Positive and mutually beneficial interaction among civilizations has continued throughout human history despite impediments arising from disputes and wars.	0
But on the other hand, if you start measuring, how much would it actually cost to restore the land of the shrimp farm back to productive use? 	1
In fact, this was what really inspired my interest in this phase. 	1
I should be grateful if the item could be allocated to the plenary Assembly.	0
So we decided to do a massive set of calculations and started producing green accounts for India and its states. 	1
And the World Bank has acknowledged this and they've started a project called WAVES -- Wealth Accounting and Valuation of Ecosystem Services. 	1
The World Conservation Union, whose formal name is the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources, was founded in 1948 at a conference convened by the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), and France in Fontainbleau, France.	0
And actually we've done this with the TEEB project. 	1
The Conference, called at the request of the second General Conference of UNESCO, which had met in 1947 in Mexico, considered the recommendations of a preparatory conference held in Switzerland by 23 States, the United Nations Trusteeship Council, UNESCO, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) and several scientific societies, such as the International Union of Biological Sciences, the Swiss League for the Protection of Nature and other non-governmental organizations.	0
We've done this for a very difficult case, which was for deforestation in China. 	1
Now in its fiftieth year, IUCN, whose States members and government agency members work in cooperation with its non-governmental organizations members, provides expertise and services to further the equitable and ecologically sustainable use of natural resources at global, regional, national and local levels. Annex II	0
In fact, what's being absorbed is something like 25 percent of our emissions, which then leads to acidification or lower alkalinity in oceans. 	1
I. Establishment, organization and activities of the Special Committee	0
BR: And we're chefs. So when Moto opened in 2004, people didn't really know what to expect. A lot of people thought that it was a Japanese restaurant, and maybe it was the name, maybe it was the logo, which was like a Japanese character, but anyway, we had all these requests for Japanese food, which is really not what we did. And after about the ten thousandth request for a maki roll, 	1
Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples	0
So the key now is to make it behave like tuna. BR: And then after a quick dip into some liquid nitrogen to get that perfect sear, we really have something that looks, tastes and behaves like the real thing. 	1
2. At its seventeenth session, after considering the report of the Special Committee,1 the General Assembly adopted resolution 1810 (XVII) of 17 December 1962, by which it enlarged the Special Committee with the addition of seven new members.	0
“(c) To continue to pay special attention to the small Territories, in particular through the dispatch of regular visiting missions, and to recommend to the General Assembly the most suitable steps to be taken to enable the populations of those Territories to exercise their right to self-determination and independence;	0
What had happened is he ran a red light and hit me and my dog. 	1
The Chairman made a statement at that meeting (see A/AC.109/SR.1484).	0
So they were teaching me cuss word Scrabble at night,  and then, secretly, how to swear like a sailor. 	1
38. Following a statement by the Acting Chairman (see A/AC.109/SR.1498), the Special Committee adopted draft resolution A/AC.109/L.1885 by a roll-call vote of 10 to none, with 6 abstentions (see para. 41).	0
And I'm sorry to disappoint you, they don't come in color. 	1
“Taking into account the discussions in the Congress of the United States of America on relations between Puerto Rico and the United States of America,	0
We are not passive exhibitors of visual or auditory or tactile images. 	1
But on my left retina there is a bump, which is marked there by the red arrow. 	1
So this is how close your mental experience and the activity of the neurons in the retina, which is a part of the brain located in the eyeball, or, for that matter, a sheet of visual cortex. 	1
The Special Committee noted that, by its resolution 50/206 B of 23 December 1995, the General Assembly had approved the recommendation of the Special Committee to replace its verbatim records by summary records.	0
So from the retina you go onto visual cortex. 	1
With regard to the preparation of the consolidated draft resolution, the Special Committee held extensive informal consultations with the administering Powers concerned and other States as well as with the representatives of Non-Self-Governing Territories.	0
What happens then actually is that you lose the grounding of the self, you have no longer access to any feeling of your own existence, and, in fact, there can be images going on, being formed in the cerebral cortex, except you don't know they're there. 	1
In that connection, the Special Committee intends to improve and strengthen its dialogue and cooperation with the administering Powers.	0
They are exquisitely topographic and they are exquisitely interconnected in a recursive pattern. 	1
On that basis, the Special Committee understands that, should any additional provisions be required over and above those included in the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999, proposals for supplementary requirements would be made to the General Assembly for its approval.	0
We should look at how society and culture in this socio-cultural regulation are a work in progress. 	1
And the first mate wisely resists and doesn't untie Odysseus. 	1
I mean, let's face it, the present self is present. 	1
And when you try to execute these commitment devices, you realize the devil is really in the details. 	1
But then I thought, oh, I'm sending myself mixed messages. 	1
Because not writing is bad, but giving to charity is good. 	1
I think self-discipline is something, it's like a muscle. 	1
Question of sending visiting missions to Territories: report of the Acting Chairman	0
It means that you have to save more today. 	1
This is a simulation that uses graphics, but other people find motivating what money can buy, not just numbers. 	1
So here I made a distribution builder where instead of showing numerical outcomes, I show people what those outcomes will get you, in particular apartments that you can afford if you're retiring on 3,000, 2,500, 2,000 dollars per month and so on. 	1
(d) Participants should be asked to prepare a one-page summary of their presentation and recommendations in addition to their full presentation and submit them in advance of the Seminar;	0
Other conditions show people the future self. 	1
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples	0
The older face is quite pleased with the decision. 	1
The man was without legs and only with one arm. 	1
1. Stresses the need to dispatch periodic visiting missions to Non-Self-Governing Territories in order to facilitate the full, speedy and effective implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples with respect to those Territories;	0
We will provide you with a pair of legs." 	1
Additionally, the Special Committee took into consideration the relevant documents of other intergovernmental bodies concerned, to which reference is made in the last preambular paragraph of the resolution it adopted on 10 July 1998 (see para. 8).	0
So, "We cannot stay here, it's dangerous. 	1
Reaffirming further that the natural resources are the heritage of the peoples of the Non-Self-Governing Territories, including the indigenous populations,	0
Believe me, I was worried because I was breaking the rules. 	1
The Special Committee also took into account Assembly decision 52/417 of 10 December 1997, in paragraph 8 of which the Assembly requested the Special Committee to continue to examine the question and to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
7. The General Assembly requests the Secretary-General to continue to inform world public opinion of those military activities and arrangements in colonial and Non-Self-Governing Territories which constitute an obstacle to the implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples.	0
4. The Special Committee also took into account the provisions of Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/38 of 30 July 1998.	0
Recalling General Assembly resolution 52/73 of 10 December 1997 on the implementation of the Declaration by the specialized agencies and the international institutions associated with the United Nations,	0
One week later, Mahmoud was the fastest in the production line. 	1
1. Takes note of the report of its Acting Chairman on his consultations with the President of the Economic and Social Council,2 and endorses the observations and suggestions arising therefrom;4	0
4. Reaffirms that the specialized agencies and other organizations and institutions of the United Nations system should continue to be guided by the relevant resolutions of the United Nations in their efforts to contribute to the implementation of the Declaration and all other relevant General Assembly resolutions;	0
5. Requests the Special Committee to continue to discharge the functions entrusted to it under Assembly resolution 1970 (XVIII), in accordance with established procedures, and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.	0
At the beginning, when Anajulina told me, "We would like to start it," I hesitated. 	1
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples	0
Entropy means that everything in the world, everything, is in a state of decline and decay, the arch. 	1
It wastes the body, but the mind remains intact. 	1
The representative of Spain also made a statement (see A/AC.109/SR.1487).	0
The globalization of power -- we talk about the globalization of markets, but actually it's the globalization of real power. 	1
Recalling its resolutions 1514 (XV) of 14 December 1960 and 1541 (XV) of 15 December 1960,	0
It will actually happen by the powerful coming together and making treaty-based systems, treaty-based agreements, to govern that global space. 	1
1. Welcomes the significant developments that have taken place in New Caledonia as exemplified by the signing of the Nouméa Accord of 5 May 1998 See A/AC.109/2114, annex. between the representatives of New Caledonia and the Government of France;	0
And that's what the G20 is, a treaty-based institution. 	1
7. Urges all the parties involved, in the interest of all the people of New Caledonia and building on the positive outcome of the review of the Matignon and Nouméa Accords, to maintain their dialogue in a spirit of harmony;	0
You might argue that the story, the history of civilizations, has been civilizations gathered around seas -- with the first ones around the Mediterranean, the more recent ones in the ascendents of Western power around the Atlantic. 	1
Welcoming also the stated position of the Government of the United States of America that it supports fully the principles of decolonization and takes seriously its obligations under the Charter to promote to the utmost the well-being of the inhabitants of the Territories under United States administration,	0
What is the largest naval contingent tackling the issue of Somali pirates? 	1
Conscious of the particular vulnerability of the small Territories to natural disasters and environmental degradation,	0
Of course they are, they are a mercantilist nation. 	1
And here's the third factor, which is totally different. 	1
2. Calls upon the administering Power and all States, organizations and United Nations agencies to continue to assist the Territory in social and economic development;	0
The advent of the interconnectedness and of the weapons of mass destruction means that, increasingly, I share a destiny with my enemy. 	1
Noting also the report of the intended closure of the foreign military bases and installations in the Territory,	0
One of the great barriers to peace in the Middle East is that both sides, both Israel and, I think, the Palestinians, do not understand that they share a collective destiny. 	1
Expressing its satisfaction with the continued economic and social advancement of the Territory, as well as with the improvement of its communications with the outside world and its management plan to address conservation issues,	0
Noting with interest the statements made and the information provided by the representative of the Governor of the Territory to the Pacific regional seminar, held at Nadi, Fiji, from 16 to 18 June 1998,	0
He's got eight talks online, and those talks can basically be summed up into just four words, because that's all he's basically showing us, our intuition is really bad. 	1
2. Also requests the administering Power to continue to assist the territorial Government in achieving its political, economic and social goals;	0
But, oh well. In the end, however, and this is really amazing, for each of those 10 TEDTalk clusters that I submitted, I actually received meaningful summaries. 	1
Actually it sounded nice in the beginning, but when you look at 600 summaries, it's quite a lot. 	1
For example, when I had a cluster of all the beautiful talks, someone thought I was just trying to find the ultimate pick-up line. 	1
Noting with appreciation the continuing exemplary cooperation of New Zealand as the administering Power with regard to the work of the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples relating to Tokelau and its readiness to permit access by United Nations visiting missions to the Territory,	0
These here are five different organizations that classify carcinogens. 	1
Noting also that, as a case study pointing to successful decolonization, Tokelau has wider significance for the United Nations as it seeks to complete its work in decolonization,	0
I first learned about it through a lawsuit I read about in my doctor's office --  which was between the Physician's Committee for Responsible Medicine and seven different fast food restaurants. 	1
6. Requests the administering Power to cooperate in establishing programmes specifically intended to promote the sustainable development of economic activities and enterprises by the Chamorro people of Guam;	0
14. In this connection, the General Committee also recommends to the General Assembly that delegations should be reminded of the utmost importance of punctuality in the interest of ensuring an effective and orderly organization of work and achieving economies for the United Nations.	0
So today I want to show you my interactive software model that I created. 	1
“6. Emphasizes that reports requested of the Secretary-General should be made available in all official languages in a timely manner in accordance with the rules of procedure of the General Assembly and the annexes thereto with a view to enabling delegations to consider the substance of such reports more thoroughly in advance of meetings.”	0
But the picture is changing, and we are seeing that there are new key players coming onto the scene. 	1
“(c) Firm deadlines should be set for the early submission of the reports of subsidiary organs which require consideration by the Fifth Committee;	0
And the core of these key actors are groups who represent different interests inside countries. 	1
“(b) The Committee, taking into account difficulties encountered in ensuring adequate preparation of meetings, including timely distribution of documentation, as well as the ability of Member States to participate fully, recommends that the General Assembly should instruct the Main Committees to review the number of special conferences of the United Nations already proposed and scheduled in their respective fields of activity prior to deciding upon the scheduling of new and additional special conferences, thus bearing in mind the relevant portions of General Assembly resolution 33/55.”	0
You cannot talk to everybody all the time. 	1
(a) Appointment of the members of the Credentials Committee;	0
If we talk to them, we may legitimize them." 	1
(j) Appointment of the Under-Secretary-General for Internal Oversight Services.	0
(c) Emergency international assistance for peace, normalcy and reconstruction of war-stricken Afghanistan;	0
24. Implementation of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s, including measures and recommendations agreed upon at its mid-term review (P.24).	0
We could never have done the convention against anti-personnel landmines and the convention that is banning cluster munitions unless we had done diplomacy differently, by engaging with civil society. 	1
And as we try to understand this broad movement across the Arab world, we are not powerless. 	1
45. The situation in Afghanistan and its implications for international peace and security (P.45).	0
So there are many reasons, and for all of these reasons, this is time and this is why we must talk. 	1
55. Implementation of the resolutions of the United Nations (P.55).	0
There was no way to predict how far it would spread through water supplies and how bad the situation would get. 	1
59. Question of equitable representation on and increase in the membership of the Security Council and related matters (P.59).	0
It's too slow to get a picture of conditions on the ground before they change, in all the places that require testing. 	1
(t) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction.	0
One is called SOPA, the other is called PIPA. 	1
87. Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations (P.88).	0
And this freaked the media businesses out -- it freaked them out every time. 	1
We are in a world where most American citizens over the age of 12 share things with each other online. 	1
(a) United Nations Disengagement Observer Force;	0
In the meantime, the hard thing to do is to be ready. 	1
145. Review of the implementation of General Assembly resolution 48/218 B (P.147 (b)).	0
If 97.5 percent of the world's water is saltwater, 2.5 percent is fresh water. Less than a half percent of that is accessible for human use. 	1
15. Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs (D.15):	0
As a matter fact my division chief says a lot, "You have a green university." 	1
You might think that if it's true, that for each one of us there is no abiding core of self, no permanent essence, does that mean that really, the self is an illusion? 	1
12. Financing of the United Nations peacekeeping forces in the Middle East (D.122):	0
Now if you take something like this, you can appreciate the fact that in lots of ways, there's nothing permanent about this. 	1
Now we've got to be careful here, right? 	1
And here you can see an engineer -- it could be an architect or it could be a professional product designer -- create a product in 3D. 	1
In that connection, the General Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the item be included in the provisional agenda of the fifty-fourth session.	0
And you can see, they're ranging from shoes, rings that were made out of stainless steal, phone covers out of plastic, all the way through to spinal implants, for example, that were created out of medical-grade titanium, and engine parts. 	1
Adopted by the General Assembly at its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998	0
Because we're taking this data in 3D form, slicing it up before it gets past the machine, we can actually create structures that are more intricate than any other manufacturing technology -- or, in fact, are impossible to build in any other way. 	1
10. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization.	0
So really the resolution is quite incredible. 	1
14. Report of the International Atomic Energy Agency.	0
And actually what's quite amazing about this technology as well is that you can create bespoke products en masse. 	1
(c) Appointment of a member of the Board of Auditors;	0
If we slice into this product which is actually sitting here, you can see that it has a number of cooling channels pass through it, which means it's a more efficient product. 	1
This technology is really going to disrupt the landscape of manufacturing and, I believe, cause a revolution in manufacturing. 	1
30. United Nations reform: measures and proposals.	0
So imagine you have, say, a Hoover in your home and it has broken down. You need a spare part, but you realize that Hoover's been discontinued. 	1
48. Report of the International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of the Former Yugoslavia since 1991.	0
You can direct what color that product will be, perhaps what material. 	1
(f) Assistance to States for curbing the illicit traffic in small arms and collecting them;	0
We're all different sizes and our companies the same. 	1
(g) Relationship between disarmament and development;	0
We were transcending the space between the mind and the device. 	1
98. Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006).	0
But we're always interested in multi-tiered levels of human interaction. 	1
We could know sides of ourselves that were all but invisible and come to see things that were previously hidden. 	1
(a) Implementation of human rights instruments;	0
Let me show you an example of what I'm talking about here. 	1
(d) Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action;	0
In the original Zen Bound game, you play it by scrolling your fingers over the pad. 	1
118. Scale of assessments for the apportionment of the expenses of the United Nations.	0
With ADD, children have a low proportion of beta waves for focus states and a high proportion of theta states. 	1
128. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Somalia II.	0
Humanizing technology is about taking what's already natural about the human-tech experience and building technology seamlessly in tandem with it. 	1
134. Financing of the United Nations Assistance Mission for Rwanda.	0
Would you make more time for those people? Would you prioritize? 	1
15. Elections to fill vacancies in principal organs (item 15):	0
They want to move from micro to medium and beyond. 	1
18. Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples (item 18).	0
(c) Emergency international assistance for peace, normalcy and reconstruction of war-stricken Afghanistan;	0
Theory and empirical evidence Have already taught us. 	1
61. Restructuring and revitalization of the United Nations in the economic, social and related fields (item 61).	0
We're talking about a pick, pack and ship setting here. 	1
13. Convention on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Certain Conventional Weapons Which May Be Deemed to Be Excessively Injurious or to Have Indiscriminate Effects (item 75).	0
 So we said mobile shelving — We'll put them on mobile shelving. 	1
15. Consolidation of the regime established by the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) (item 77).	0
And so we got underway on that and then I'm sitting on my couch in 2008. 	1
9. Implementation of the first United Nations Decade for the Eradication of Poverty (1997–2006) (item 98).	0
As the highest military commander of the Netherlands, with troops stationed around the world, I'm really honored to be here today. 	1
(g) Fund of the United Nations Environment Programme;	0
You are the reason why I said yes to the invitation to come here today. 	1
2. Review of the efficiency of the administrative and financial functioning of the United Nations (item 112).	0
Others chose dancing or painting, or making music like we just heard. 	1
11. United Nations pension system (item 121).	0
17. Financing of the United Nations Protection Force, the United Nations Confidence Restoration Operation in Croatia, the United Nations Preventive Deployment Force and the United Nations Peace Forces headquarters (item 127).	0
It means soldiers are not needed to patrol our streets. 	1
2. Consideration of effective measures to enhance the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives (item 147).	0
4. United Nations Decade of International Law (item 149):	0
We've applied Tumor Treating Fields to over 20 different cancers in the lab, and we see this effect in all of them. 	1
He won the gold medal in Moscow in the 4,000 meter pursuit. 	1
And here we can see him getting the therapy. 	1
 Robert Dill-Bundi: My quality of life, I rate what I have today a bit different than what most people would assume. 	1
And when we talked to her, she said that when she was undergoing chemotherapy, she had to go to the hospital every month for her infusions. 	1
There's research underway now at Harvard Medical School to pick the optimum pairs to maximize that benefit. 	1
I was two years older than my sister at the time -- I mean, I'm two years older than her now -- but at the time it meant she had to do everything that I wanted to do, and I wanted to play war. 	1
Of course, this option was open to her brain at no point in the past. 	1
So one of the first things we teach people in economics, statistics, business and psychology courses is how, in a statistically valid way, do we eliminate the weirdos. 	1
When I first went in there, I walked into the freshmen dining hall, which is where my friends from Waco, Texas, which is where I grew up -- I know some of you know this. 	1
And if we change it, if we change our formula for happiness and success, we can change the way that we can then affect reality. 	1
You got good grades, now you have to get better grades, you got into a good school and after you get into a better one, you got a good job, now you have to get a better job, you hit your sales target, we're going to change it. 	1
Your brain at positive is 31% more productive than your brain at negative, neutral or stressed. 	1
If we can find a way of becoming positive in the present, then our brains work even more successfully as we're able to work harder, faster and more intelligently. 	1
3. Acting in his capacity as depositary, the Secretary-General communicated the amendment to all States parties on 1 March 1993.	0
Not only does it make you happier, it turns on all of the learning centers in your brain allowing you to adapt to the world in a different way. 	1
And by doing these activities and by training your brain just like we train our bodies, what we've found is we can reverse the formula for happiness and success, and in doing so, not only create ripples of positivity, but a real revolution. 	1
In accordance with the above-quoted paragraph 4, it will enter into force when it is accepted by the required number of States parties which shall have so notified the Secretary-General. Annex II	0
And actually, it's the model that we expect to work for delivering anesthesia in these environments. 	1
Thus, the method called “activity-based costing” was devised.	0
Therefore, the determination of the optimal staffing level needed to meet this uncertain demand is problematic.	0
Essentially, to deliver anesthesia, you want as pure oxygen as possible, because eventually you're going to dilute it essentially with the gas. 	1
But on some trials, we could change the shape and size of the environment like we did with the place cell. 	1
35. The development of an activity-based costing system for conference services can be started using the information available in existing databases.	0
And he can return to the location where he parked by moving so as to find where it is that best matches the firing pattern of the place cells in his brain currently with the stored pattern where he parked his car. 	1
39. In order to proceed further, it will be necessary to identify staff with the required knowledge of United Nations budgeting and accounting practices and conference-servicing activities to work in this field.	0
What I want to talk to you about today is some of the problems that the military of the Western world -- Australia, United States, U.K. and so on -- face in some of the deployments that they're dealing with in the modern world at this time. 	1
Now there's a bunch of reasons why we actually do send military personnel rather than police to do these jobs. 	1
(m) Ensure a coordinated response to the refugee problem, in keeping with the international instruments in force.	0
Because police are actually more restrained in the use of force than the military are. 	1
As such, it shall be answerable directly to the Heads of State and Government of the Community.	0
They're trained to think more, to try and de-escalate. 	1
4. Relations between the Supreme Council and other subregional, regional and international organizations	0
In other words, your perfect non-lethal weapon is something that's perfect for abuse. 	1
7. Accordingly, and convinced of the need to establish in their subregion open political systems which permitted the full participation of all social and political forces, they reiterated their firm commitment to promoting democracy in their own States and to contributing to the stability of the Central African subregion as a whole.	0
Today I am proud to say we have trained and educated over 66 Qatari women filmmakers to edit, tell their own stories  Now if you'll allow me, I would love to share a one-minute film that has proven to show that a 60-sec film can be as powerful as a haiku in telling a big picture. 	1
- respect for human rights and human dignity;	0
 SM: Going back to straddling between East and West, last month we had our second Doha Tribeca Film Festival here in Doha. The Doha Tribeca Film Festival was held at our new cultural hub, Katara. 	1
The methods used by the Department to provide this coverage included production of press releases, publications, television news packages and radio programmes, and organizing press briefings and briefings for the public;	0
 And so every time they found something that looked a little different, they named it something different. 	1
The United States would like to keep it that way.	0
In 1971 the Committee had consisted of one representative per 8.67 Member States.	0
Therefore, States that were members of the Committee represented not just themselves but to some extent their respective regional group, which was an extremely important factor.	0
And they said, "Well no, but it has holes in its frill." 	1
Perhaps it was time to resume that procedure.	0
As to certain ideas regarding a possible expansion of the Committee’s membership, the members of the Bureau were not able to achieve a unified vision and, therefore, decided again to move the debate to the Committee as a whole.	0
The Committee tried always to work by consensus.	0
As soon as I did, you got this incredibly severe look on your face, looked at my mom and dad and said, 'Look at that! Look at that! 	1
It was also prepared, in the spirit of compromise, to consider proposals on a small increase in the Committee’s membership.	0
How many of you guys have a lollipop moment, a moment where someone said or did something that you feel fundamentally made your life better? 	1
The host country had a “quasi-virtual veto” in the Committee.	0
It's scary to think of ourselves as that powerful, frightening to think we can matter that much to other people. 	1
39. The Chairman, in summing up the deliberations, expressed his appreciation to all delegations that had participated therein and said that the matter would be taken up by the Sixth Committee.	0
Because we've made leadership about changing the world, and there is no world. There's only six billion understandings of it. 	1
44. The observer for Switzerland informed the Committee that the diplomatic community in Geneva owed debts exceeding 7 million Swiss francs.	0
So a real skyrocketing of chronic childhood disease that includes other things like obesity and juvenile diabetes, premature puberty. 	1
46. At the 190th meeting, on 17 November 1997, a Vice-Chairman announced that, effective 31 October 1997, Ambassador Agathocleous had left the Cypriot Mission and therefore could not continue as Chairman of the Committee.	0
In fact, my involvement in the whole pesticide issue was sort of a surprise as well when I was approached by the largest chemical company in the world and they asked me if I would evaluate how atrazine affected amphibians, or my frogs. 	1
(a) As a result of the Chairman’s consultations with Committee members as well as representatives of observer delegations who participated in the debates referred to in paragraphs 11–40 of the present report, the Committee recommends that its membership be increased by four members, including one each from the African, Asian, Latin American and Caribbean and Eastern European regional groups;	0
 In recent studies that we've published, we've shown that some of these animals when they're exposed to atrazine, some of the males grow up and completely become females. 	1
(e) The Committee notes the efforts made by the host country mission concerning the problem of parking of diplomatic vehicles and requests the host country to continue to take steps, in conjunction with the City of New York, to resolve this problem in order to maintain appropriate conditions for the functioning of the delegations and missions and missions accredited to the United Nations in a manner that is fair, non-discriminatory, efficient and consistent with international law, to bring to the attention of New York City officials reports from the diplomatic community about cases of discriminatory treatment against diplomats in order to ameliorate the situation and to promote compliance with international norms concerning diplomatic privileges and immunities, and to continue to consult with the Committee on these important issues.	0
Normally the testes should make testosterone, the male hormone. 	1
(i) The Committee wishes to reiterate its appreciation to the representative of the United States Mission in charge of host country affairs and to the Host Country Affairs Section of the United States Mission to the United Nations, as well as to those local entities that contribute to its efforts to help accommodate the needs, interests and requirements of the diplomatic community and to promote mutual understanding between the diplomatic community and the people of the City of New York.	0
In fact, this aromatase is so important in breast cancer that the latest treatment for breast cancer is a chemical called letrozole, which blocks aromatase, blocks estrogen, so that if you developed a mutated cell, it doesn't grow into a tumor. 	1
“5. Deplores the violations by Israel of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949; “6.	0
And given the life of many of these chemicals, generations, years, dozens of years, that means that we right now are affecting the health of our grandchildren's grandchildren by things that we're putting into the environment today. 	1
Men who actually work in agriculture have much higher levels of atrazine. 	1
You would not drink water that you knew was having this kind of impact on the wildlife that lived in it. 	1
6. In addition to the programme under General Assembly resolution 845 (IX), a number of Member States have contributed to the United Nations Educational and Training Programme for Southern Africa.	0
We know so much about global warming and climate change, and yet, we have no concept of what I've been calling internal environmentalism. 	1
Number of participants in short-term training courses under the Singapore Cooperation Programme	0
And then they'll get stupid drunk and smash cake in each others' faces and do the "Macarena," and we'll be there showering them with towels and toasters and drinking their free booze and throwing birdseed at them every single time -- even though we know, statistically, half of them will be divorced within a decade. 	1
14. In accordance with the procedure established by the General Assembly in its resolution 1696 (XVI), applications for scholarships received by the United Nations Secretariat from inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories are transmitted simultaneously to the offering States for consideration and to the administering Powers for information.	0
For instance, in the happiest marriages, the wife is thinner and better looking than the husband. 	1
These are couples who can find good in any situation. 	1
1. Since the issuance of document A/53/262 of 13 August 1998, information has been received from the Government of Austria.	0
A third of the size of the basking shark is their liver, and it's full of oil. 	1
7. Several United Nations bodies and specialized agencies have extensive space-related programmes and have contributed to the implementation of the recommendations of the Second United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, particularly the secretariat of the International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction, the United Nations Environment Programme, the Economic Commission for Africa, the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific, the United Nations Development Programme, the United Nations Institute for Training and Research, the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations, the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, the International Civil Aviation Organization, the International Maritime Organization, the International Telecommunication Union and the World Meteorological Organization.	0
And most of what we do know is based on their habit of coming to the surface. 	1
(g) United Nations Third Seminar on Space Futures and Human Security, to be held in the province of Tyrol, Austria;	0
And here's a couple of maps that we've done. 	1
(h) United Nations/China workshop on applications of space technology in sustainable agricultural development, to be held in China.	0
That one, you can see that we tagged both off Kerry. 	1
The four previous education programmes had focused on remote sensing and geographic information systems (two courses), satellite communications and satellite meteorology.	0
Colleagues from the Isle of Man last year actually tagged one shark that went from the Isle of Man all the way out to Nova Scotia in about 90 days. 	1
1 See Report of the Second United Nations Conference on the Exploration and Peaceful Uses of Outer Space, Vienna, 9–21 August 1982 (A/CONF.101/10 and Corr.1 and 2).	0
And some are caught in nets, in trawls. 	1
Pursuant to staff rule 112.6, PAS applies to all staff members, up to and including Under-Secretaries-General, holding appointments of at least one year under the 100 series of Staff Rules.	0
(e) All staff with supervisory/managerial responsibilities are required to have additional goals that relate to managing human and financial resources; leading, motivating and developing staff; and demonstrating gender and cross-cultural responsiveness;	0
The primary responsibility for implementing and ensuring effective application of PAS rests with heads of department or office and supervisors.	0
And one thing that is kind of very useful is that we use a pole cameras -- this is my colleague Joanne with a pole camera -- where you can actually look underneath the shark. 	1
Monitoring reports indicate that Management Review Committees have now been established and are operational in a majority of departments and offices.	0
Because at the moment, they actually have no way genetically of telling the difference between a male and a female, which I found absolutely staggering, because they don't know what primers to look for. 	1
It also monitors implementation across the Secretariat to assist managers and help to ensure fair and consistent application of the system.	0
And they are caught and they are on the market. 	1
24. The General Assembly, in its resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996, requested the Secretary-General to make operational proposals to it by 1 October 1997, for consideration at its fifty-second session, on the possibility of introducing a system of performance awards or bonuses, in the context of PAS, to a limited number of staff in recognition of their outstanding performance and specific achievements in a given year.	0
Tens of thousands of so-called digital volunteers were scouring the Internet, converting tweets that had already been converted from texts and putting these into open-source maps, layering them with all sorts of important information -- people like Crisis Mappers and Open Street Map -- and putting these on the Web for everybody -- the media, the aid organizations and the communities themselves -- to participate in and to use. 	1
We didn't want to shout; we needed to listen as well. 	1
44. In the context of the Secretary-General’s efforts to introduce a performance-based culture, a significant step has been taken with the introduction of a new performance appraisal system, which ultimately must provide the basis for any system of recognition and rewards.	0
We now have the tools. We now have the possibilities. 	1
3. Having the advantage of being held as the closing United Nations conference of the decade, Habitat II had the opportunity of drawing key principles from the deliberations of other conferences and of forging a comprehensive plan of action into concrete commitments and actions at the level where they matter most: the cities, settlements and communities where people work and live.	0
This would also allow the special session to formulate a report on lessons learnt and to prepare recommendations for future action.	0
So this is an absolutely -- this is one of the larger tailings ponds. 	1
17. The special session will also review the effectiveness of the mechanisms established to monitor and evaluate the implementation of the Habitat Agenda.	0
And not that many years ago, I was lent a boat by a First Nations man. 	1
In reviewing the issue of additional financial resources and better use of available resources, the special session would formulate pertinent recommendations to enhance the effectiveness of international cooperation.	0
And what we're doing is we're destroying this carbon sink, turning it into a carbon bomb. 	1
(c) Human rights advocacy as part of the policy dialogue with Governments and supporting the follow-up to the major global conferences organized in the 1990s, bearing in mind the human rights perspective.	0
It left a dream of the Middle East as a unit, and a unit where people of different faiths could live together. 	1
1. In its resolution 52/109 of 12 December 1997 concerning measures to combat contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance, the General Assembly took note with appreciation of the report of the Special Rapporteur and welcomed his recommendation to convene, without further delay, a world conference on racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance.	0
Islamic revolution, no more Cyrus; we're not interested in that history, we're interested in Islamic Iran -- until Iraq, the new superpower that we've all decided should be in the region, attacks. 	1
6. The Special Rapporteur visited South Africa from 24 February to 5 March 1998.	0
by the director of the National Museum of Tehran, one of the many women in Iran in very senior positions, Mrs. Ardakani. 	1
9. There is unquestionably still resistance on the part of some administrative sectors that still support racist views.	0
It became a great emblem, a great subject of debate about what Iran is at home and abroad. 	1
26. Apparently, in some sub-Saharan African countries, the criteria for defining ethnic groups (territory, language, race) can either be factors for integration and unification or factors for differentiating between different ethnic groups within given geographical areas on the basis of deep-rooted historical and cultural stereotypes. Should such criteria be used to highlight differences, they could result in serious multifaceted conflicts.	0
Interestingly, when your opening line of communication is, "Hey, listen up, because I'm about to drop some serious knowledge on you," it's amazing how quickly you'll discover both ice and the firing squad. 	1
This should be done for humanitarian purposes and as a confidence-building measure.	0
 Not to mention what it reveals about the adult who's speaking them. 	1
The Secretary-General firmly believes that reform is an ongoing process and intends to take further action to improve the United Nations procurement system.	0
And it turned out that Joel and I were both bothered by the same thing, which was how so much of the debate was still focused on the science and how complete it was or wasn't, which, to both of us, seems somewhat intentionally off point. 	1
The Secretary-General believes that the report reflects the strong commitment of the Under-Secretary-General for Management and the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services in ensuring that the United Nations procurement system is effective, efficient, transparent and fully responsive to the needs of the Organization.	0
Personally, I was praying for four more fires so we could finally complete the damn science. 	1
4. The Secretary-General is pleased to confirm that the revised Procurement Manual (version 01) dated 31 March 1998 has been issued.	0
I'm going to talk today about saving more, but not today, tomorrow. 	1
6. The Secretary-General recognizes that the main aim of procurement reform is to improve the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of the procurement function.	0
We have on the screen a representative sample of 100 Americans. 	1
Management will continue to monitor these cases assiduously.	0
Let me now talk about another behavioral obstacle to saving having to do with inertia. But again, a little diversion to the topic of organ donation. 	1
In this regard, the Secretary-General would like to observe that such training has been intensified so that, during the past six months, procurement officers were afforded the opportunity to attend 10 separate seminars on such varied matters as cost and price analysis, personnel management, conflict resolution, including arbitration, and the United Nations Integrated Management Information System/Reality computerized procurement system.	0
I want, really, to think about the fact that saving four times more is a huge difference in terms of the lifestyle that people will be able to afford. 	1
Now medical devices have come a long way technologically. 	1
Because that's when implanted devices inside of people started to have networking capabilities. 	1
So there's Bluetooth, there's the FM and XM radio, there's actually wi-fi, there's sensors in the wheels that wirelessly communicate the tire pressure to a controller on board. 	1
A Task Force on Common Services, chaired by the Assistant Secretary-General for Central Support Services, has been established, and a Working Group on Procurement in that forum has realized a number of achievements that are relevant to the reform efforts of the United Nations.	0
Then they went out to an abandoned airstrip with two cars, the target victim car and the chase car, and they launched a bunch of other attacks. 	1
This joint effort of 12 United Nations organizations, including the United Nations, pools the supplier rosters of all participating organizations, thus significantly expanding the number of potential suppliers to each organization, provides a single gateway for suppliers to the rosters of the participating organizations, thus reducing the administrative costs of roster maintenance system-wide, and will eventually permit the United Nations organizations to share information on supplier performance evaluations.	0
You use the GPS in the car to locate it. 	1
Improve working methods of Headquarters Committee on Contracts	0
So, would a terrorist organization want to black out the ability of police and fire to communicate at an emergency? 	1
And then there's the attack phase, where you get somebody to type something in, you don't know what it was, but you use your model that you created in the training phase to figure out what they were typing. 	1
All requisitioners for Headquarters action to go directly to the Procurement Division and not through the Field Administration and Logistics Division, preferably electronically	0
Thus, the Assembly will have to determine in advance the precise weight to be given to the nationality of bidders from countries in arrears for awarding contracts.	0
But for the most part, we've gone from salting to exhausting. 	1
Now this other line of evidence is a really interesting one. 	1
And so what that means is we can unambiguously identify which species are which even if they look similar to each other, but may be biologically quite different. 	1
The topics included: support of the United Nations for broadening the “excellent working relationship” with OAS, expressed by Secretary-General Kofi Annan in his statement to the Permanent Council of OAS in June 1997; the recommendation of the Secretary-General to extend the joint United Nations/OAS Human Rights Mission in Haiti; and a situation report by Mr. C. Granderson of the OAS Electoral Mission in Haiti.	0
And it contains all the data from the census plus other data sets that people were willing to contribute. 	1
17. A Dag Hammarskjöld Library workshop for United Nations depository librarians in the region on the use of United Nations documents is being planned for mid-1999 in Santiago.	0
That's the warm colors which show a well-sampled region. 	1
Where do we find the most species of ocean life? 	1
28. In South America, the OAS delegation in Venezuela has been invited to participate in the United Nations thematic group on human rights chaired by UNHCR.	0
During 1997 and 1998, it participated in and hosted the third, fourth, fifth and sixth meetings of the Working Group on Services, in March, July and October 1997, and January 1998.	0
We actually know the fishes better than we do any other group in the ocean other than marine mammals. 	1
The Plan of Action of the second Summit of the Americas, held in Santiago in April 1998, also requested ECLAC and OAS to strengthen regional cooperation in the area of education.	0
So our level of knowledge is much less for other groups of organisms. 	1
OAS is regularly invited to attend meetings organized by the UNESCO regional offices and these efforts will be continued, allowing OAS staff members to benefit from information and informatics activities in the region.	0
So we need to recognize those hot spots and do our best to protect them. 	1
The objective of the project was promotion of the region’s women leaders in their incorporation of and in the development of a culture of peace.	0
ILO worked on both a diagnostic study of the development of the Ministries of Labour and an analysis of the new roles of future Ministries in the context of the current reform of labour administration and completed a diagnostic study of all the Ministries of the region, which described their development up to 1992.	0
It will stop because of the growing demand of us on all the resources, all the capacity, all the systems of the Earth, which is now having economic damage. 	1
In 1998, the proposal for the second phase of the project, prepared by OAS and UNEP, was also submitted to the Global Environment Facility (GEF) for approval.	0
Many of you will be thinking, but surely we can still stop this. 	1
The meeting focused on actions that regional institutions, such as OAS, could take to promote increased regional implementation of Agenda 21 and helped to identify key regional actions that could further sustainable development objectives.	0
Imagine 30 percent unemployment in America as the global economy is gripped by fear and uncertainty. 	1
But such was our abhorrence of nuclear weapons and such our desire to avoid acquiring them that we sought instead security guarantees from major nuclear Powers of the world.	0
We can choose this moment of crisis to ask and answer the big questions of society's evolution -- like, what do we want to be when we grow up, when we move past this bumbling adolescence where we think there are no limits and suffer delusions of immortality? 	1
The data provided by these tests are critical to validate our capabilities in the design of nuclear weapons of different yields for different applications and different delivery systems.	0
We remain committed to dialogue and reaffirm that the preservation of India’s security creates no conflict of interest with these countries.	0
On the bottom right, you see a robot performing a 360-degree flip in less than half a second. 	1
The policies of economic liberalization introduced in recent years have increased our regional and global linkages and the Government shall deepen and strengthen these ties.	0
This the Government pledges to do as a sacred duty.	0
Convention on jurisdictional immunities of States and their property	0
So his algorithm tells the robot what part to pick up, when, and where to place it. 	1
Any replies which may subsequently be received will be reproduced in an addendum to the present report.	0
So suppose I were to send this into a building, and I had no idea what this building looked like. 	1
So essentially it knows where to go to look for places that have the least information, and that's how it populates this map. 	1
Article 16: Ships owned or operated by a State	0
I took a seminar in this year with an acting teacher named Judith Weston. 	1
Germany also has some doubts as to whether the basis for a compromise outlined by the Chairman of the informal consultations – namely, giving States the option of indicating the potential relevance of the purpose criterion under their national law and practice either by means of a general declaration in relation to the Convention or a specific notification to the other party in relation to a particular contract or transaction – would indeed introduce a greater measure of certainty.	0
An example would be in "Finding Nemo," in the short tension, you were always worried, would Dory's short-term memory make her forget whatever she was being told by Marlin. 	1
The exclusion of measures of constraint intended to afford temporary protection could endanger the implementation of judgements against a State party in cases where it does not enjoy immunity.	0
And thank goodness we were just too young, rebellious and contrarian at the time. 	1
II. Consultations and exchange of information	0
The Department was also invited to observe the Second OAS/CARICOM General Meeting which took place at OAS headquarters, Washington, D.C., on 23 and 24 April 1998.	0
21. In addition to the traditional technical cooperation programmes, the Caribbean region also benefits from other technical cooperation programmes of UNDP.	0
I don't know if my parents really believe that, but I didn't want to prove them wrong. 	1
30. UNDP intends to work more closely in partnership with non-governmental organizations, women’s organizations and community-based organizations and will promote greater gender equality in procedures, structures and functions of governance.	0
Heatwaves and droughts on one hand, directly from the warming, but also, because a warmer atmosphere holds more water vapor with its latent energy, rainfall will become in more extreme events. 	1
(b) Training the Trainers on Integrated Coastal Area Management for Tourism, Jamaica, 9–20 February 1998;	0
I had been using the first line of the NASA mission statement, "To understand and protect the home planet," to justify my talks. 	1
That may not sound like much, but when added up over the whole world, it's enormous. 	1
Global warming is already affecting people. 	1
A large fraction of species will be committed to extinction. 	1
When I was five, I thought I was a genius, but my professors have beaten that idea out of my head long since." 	1
4. Section III of the present report contains the status of participation of States, as at 30 June 1998, in the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations of 1961,1 the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations of 19632 and the respective optional protocols thereto, as well as the 1973 Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes against Internationally Protected Persons, including Diplomatic Agents.3	0
But, are you so sure that that's going to give you a great career, when all the evidence is to the contrary? 	1
On 31 December 1997, 20 members of the military forces of the coup d’état Government in Sierra Leone, with the full backing and support of the Defence Ministry authorities of Sierra Leone, went to the Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Freetown and asked the only locally recruited member of the mission and a guard, who was also present, for the keys to the embassy premises and diplomatic vehicles, all the while threatening the two with death.	0
"I have an interest! I have an interest!" You tell me. 	1
For detailed information, see relevant chapters in the Multilateral Treaties Deposited with the Secretary-General (ST/LEG/SER.E/16).	0
He was an economically rational person. 	1
But what that tombstone should have said, in an alternative lifetime, what it should have said if it was your highest expression of talent, was, "Here lies the last Nobel Laureate in Physics, who formulated the Grand Unified Field Theory and demonstrated the practicality of warp drive." 	1
3. In the light of the aforementioned, the East Timorese had rightly assumed their inherent right to decolonize themselves, considering themselves no longer bound to any decolonization covenant with the irresponsible colonial Power.	0
(e) Since the establishment of the branch office of the National Commission on Human Rights, in Dili, on 24 June 1996, it has promptly responded to reports on incidents which occurred in East Timor, involving alleged human rights abuses, by conducting fact-finding missions and issuing reports.	0
I had no idea there were so many believers at a TED Conference. 	1
During the months of August and September 1997, at least 16 East Timorese were shot by the Fretilin.	0
He collected all kinds of case studies. 	1
One such accusation is that of “excessive military force”.	0
The world's many religions have found so many ways to help people climb the staircase. 	1
In addition, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is allowed unfettered access to prisoners and detainees in Indonesia, including East Timor.	0
Here's a key passage where he basically describes the staircase. 	1
Nothing can be gained from simultaneous attempts to internationalize the matter while pretending to pursue a dialogue.	0
And once people circle around some sacred object or value, they'll then work as a team and fight to defend it. 	1
V. Conclusions and recommendations Annex	0
In 1987, a similar congress was organized, in Malta, by the Centre for Human Rights.	0
And sometimes it would be advantageous for one of these guys to try to sabotage the other guys. 	1
It happened again about 120 or a 140 million years ago when some solitary wasps began creating little simple, primitive nests, or hives. 	1
(b) The communications sent by the Special Rapporteur do not cover all the incidents and governmental actions in the world that are incompatible with the 1981 Declaration.	0
Now rather than just argue about this number, a copyright mathematician will analyze it and he'll soon discover that this money could stretch from this auditorium all the way across Ocean Boulevard to the Westin, and then to Mars ... 	1
57. In the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Christians are said to have been arrested during a Bible study meeting.	0
I said, "Remember when we'd leave a really bad message on our ex-boyfriend's answering machine? 	1
73. In Ukraine, in the town of Sebastopol, difficulties are reported to have arisen over the restitution of a Catholic place of worship confiscated under the previous regime.	0
Adaptability to change is all about vulnerability. 	1
On the one hand there are the religious communities, which operate on two levels – between communities and within communities.	0
We heard a brilliant simple solution to not killing people in surgery, which is, have a checklist. 	1
These representatives and their followers then mobilize against communities of different faiths.	0
And all-powerful folks don't need checklists. 	1
These two categories raise the issue of the relationship between politics and religion, and the use of these to foment intolerance and discrimination, culminating in religious extremism;	0
Myshkin Ingawale, I hope I did right by you. 	1
The Indian strategy for fighting disabilities resulting from membership of a particular caste has evolved over a long period of time and enjoys universal backing politically and institutionally.	0
Shame feels the same for men and women, but it's organized by gender. 	1
These conscious efforts as well as the effective functioning of democracy in India have generated self-sustaining political movements composed largely of hitherto downtrodden sections of Indian society.	0
 Shame, for women, is this web of unobtainable, conflicting, competing expectations about who we're supposed to be. 	1
It wasn't until a man looked at me after a book signing, and said, "I love what say about shame, I'm curious why you didn't mention men." 	1
The Representation of Peoples Act, 1951, is the major law governing elections in India.	0
Because the women in my life are harder on me than anyone else." 	1
Calling into question situations and rights that are rooted in the distant past is likely to open the door to a sequence of events which could have unforeseeable consequences and in particular lead, through acts of violence performed in the name of an extremist conception of religion, to disorders in various parts of India, the news of which, as it spreads internationally and, more especially, throughout the region, may affect peace and security within the region.	0
The two most powerful words when we're in struggle: me too. 	1
The authorities must remain on the watch to prevent the recurrence of such traumatic incidents, which are sources of division and hate between communities.	0
If we're going to find our way back to each other, vulnerability is going to be that path. 	1
Thus, the disputed area cannot be handed over to anybody for construction of a temple, mosque or any other structure except as decided by the High Court in the title suits.	0
And we just want, for ourselves and the people we care about and the people we work with, to dare greatly. 	1
The Special Rapporteur is aware of some of the efforts in the field of values education.	0
Taking into account paragraph 97 of the report, “The Special Rapporteur also recommends that the Centre for Human Rights should provide advisory services on the organization at the federal and State level of training courses for teachers in preschool, primary or basic and secondary educational establishments to make them aware of the importance of teaching the principles of tolerance and non-discrimination based on religion and belief”, the Special Rapporteur would appreciate if you could indicate your comments as well as measures undertaken and/or envisaged by your Government.	0
Further, through its resolution on tolerance and pluralism at the Commission on Human Rights, India has also been encouraging the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights to develop expertise in propagating these values through its own programmes.	0
And the United States uses about 20 million barrels a day, which is about 25 percent of all the oil used everyday in the world. 	1
6. The United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) continues to provide support to States parties at all stages of the implementation and reporting process.	0
Now let me take you -- I've been a realist -- I went from theorist early to realist. 	1
Four new Regional Policy Officers (Children) have been deployed in critical regions – Central Asia, the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS), the Horn of Africa and West Africa – to help the field operations with needs assessments and protection-based programme innovations.	0
(d) Any other type of work or activity which, by its nature or the circumstances in which it is carried out, is likely to jeopardize the health, safety or morals of children.	0
TBP: Well you're going to have to use something. 	1
ILO member States were also called upon to assist one another in giving effect to the provisions of the Convention through international cooperation or assistance.	0
 CA: No, no. The argument that it's a bridge fuel makes sense, because the amount of CO2 per unit of energy is lower than oil and coal, correct? 	1
In order to assist Governments in implementing their international obligations to eliminate child labour, UNICEF has been instrumental in formulating national action plans.	0
7. Application forms are received by the secretariat of the Fund and Board no later than 15 February; they are then evaluated, summarized and presented at the annual session of the Board.	0
I don't know what in the hell he's talking about. 	1
And anything American will work for me. 	1
Mr. Ole Ntimama informed the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, Mrs. Mary Robinson, that with great regret he had to resign as member of the Board.	0
The recommendations were: to allocate about US$ 120,000 for 30 grants to cover travel and stipend expenses for approximately 30 indigenous representatives to attend the sixteenth session of the Working Group on Indigenous Populations from 27 to 31 July 1998 and to allocate about US$ 80,000 for approximately 20 indigenous representatives to attend the fourth session of the Working Group of the Commission on Human Rights on the elaboration of a draft declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples from 19 to 30 October 1998.	0
In addition to making this personal -- so we're going to talk about your relationship with your heart and all women's relationship with their heart -- we're going to wax into the politics. 	1
And that's too short of a time period for all the different risk factors that we know to change. 	1
And we said, "We're going to hypothesize that the fatty plaque in women is actually probably different, and deposited differently, than men." 	1
This was the only modality that can see the inner lining of the heart. 	1
And it slams together deuterium, which is just hydrogen with an extra neutron in it. 	1
 So in about seven years of doing nuclear research, I started out with a dream to make a "star in a jar," a star in my garage, and I ended up meeting the president and developing things that I think can change the world, and I think other kids can too. 	1
Association of the Tchoutkotka people “Awan”	0
I think more influential than Emily Dickinson or Coleridge or Wordsworth on my imagination were Warner Brothers, Merrie Melodies and Loony Tunes cartoons. 	1
And I think you could boil this poem down to saying, "Some days you eat the bear, other days the bear eats you." 	1
But other days I am the one who is lifted up by the ribs then lowered into the dining room of a dollhouse to sit with the others at the long table. 	1
Geographical distribution (List I and II):	0
The name of the author is the first to go, followed obediently by the title, the plot, the heartbreaking conclusion, the entire novel, which suddenly becomes one you have never read, never even heard of. 	1
No doubt that will piss you off, and now let's see whether we can set you free. I don't promise anything. 	1
5. The following should be noted with respect to table 1: Peru and Venezuela contributed to the Fund for the first time.	0
10. To contribute to the Fund by bank transfer, pay to: “United Nations Geneva General Fund”, c/o Société de banque suisse, B. P. 2770, CH-1211 Genève 2, either in United States dollars (specify account No. CO-590-160.1) or in Swiss francs (specify account No. CO-590-160.0).	0
What we know is that obviously we are all going to die, but how we die is actually really important, obviously not just to us, but also to how that features in the lives of all the people who live on afterwards. 	1
13. Requests for assistance for victims of torture are constantly increasing.	0
By the time you've reached 80, this is unlikely to happen to you. 	1
14. The Board of Trustees made project grant recommendations earmarking all available funds, i.e. US$ 4,210,000, of which $100,000 was for urgent grants falling between annual sessions of the Board of Trustees.	0
And this one's the biggest growth industry of all, and at least six out of 10 of the people in this room will die in this form, which is the dwindling of capacity with increasing frailty, and frailty's an inevitable part of aging, and increasing frailty is in fact the main thing that people die of now, and the last few years, or the last year of your life is spent with a great deal of disability, unfortunately. 	1
According to information available to the High Commissioner, assistance granted by the Fund in 1997 made it possible to help approximately 59,000 victims of torture throughout the world.	0
I do think we have to get political and start to reclaim this process from the medicalized model in which it's going. 	1
The United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, currently meeting in Rome, is studying proposals concerning a mandate to cover torture.	0
We're going to do it the old-fashioned American way, we're going to invent our way out, working together. 	1
Along the way we scaled up to the 20 watt-hour cell. 	1
23. A tolerance teaching kit was produced in 1997 by the French non-governmental organization, Secours catholique, under contract with UNESCO.	0
The technology was proving itself to be robust and scalable. 	1
36. The UNESCO Tolerance Programme installed an Internet web-site on the UNESCO server in April 1997.	0
So you see, the liquid metal battery story is more than an account of inventing technology, it's a blueprint for inventing inventors, full-spectrum. 	1
49. John Locke’s Epistola de Tolerancia (1689) was published in Czech under the responsibility of Petr Horak (1997).	0
Participants were of the view that the network should focus, as a matter of priority, on the role of scientists in promoting tolerance at the regional and global level.	0
You see, hummingbirds are not hypersonic, but they are maneuverable. 	1
1. On 16 December 1996, the General Assembly adopted resolution 51/155 entitled “Status of the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and relating to the protection of victims of armed conflicts”.	0
This is the first time a human has controlled a robot And it is the first time that Tim has held Katie's hand in seven years. 	1
It allows us to amplify our voices and our power as a group. 	1
You see, there was a time when you weren't afraid of failure, when you were a great artist or a great dancer and you could sing, you were good at math, you could build things, you were an astronaut, an adventurer, Jacques Cousteau, you could jump higher, run faster, kick harder than anyone. 	1
And you have to revisit these questions over time. 	1
 Because I think, as well as the awe of looking at that, I'm sure some people here are thinking, technology catches up so quick, how long is it before some crazed geek with a little remote control flies one through a window of the White House? 	1
RD: Well look, our singular mission is the creation and prevention of strategic surprise. 	1
After two weeks of working in that village, it was time to go back. 	1
This girl had a son who wished for a piece of doughnut because he was extremely hungry. 	1
All of these girls went to the gold mine, and they were predominantly prostitutes doing other things. 	1
And one of the guys who already had a seat was very -- because Liberia has one of the strongest rape laws, and he was one of those really fighting in parliament to overturn that law because he called it barbaric. 	1
These little girls turned to him and said, "We will vote you out of office." 	1
Marco Tempest: What I'd like to show you today is something in the way of an experiment. 	1
I like to think of it as a kind of technological magic. 	1
But when the scenario we have imagined suddenly flips into something entirely unexpected, we laugh. 	1
One of the key qualities of all stories is that they're made to be shared. 	1
I also pledged the continuing support of MINUGUA and the United Nations system to this endeavour.	0
The first was Katharine Hepburn's memoirs, and the second was a biography of Marlene Dietrich. 	1
The Assembly took note of these recommendations in its resolution 52/175.	0
So the Hepburn story is words and the Dietrich story is pictures, and so we did this. 	1
Recalling the Cardiff European Council conclusions, in which grave concern was expressed at the lack of progress on the Syrian track, the European Union urges Israel not to implement the above-mentioned plan concerning the expansion of Golan settlements nor to take any other related steps which would jeopardize the peace process.	0
 But if you think about it, from my head to my hands to his leg. 	1
Under the programme, 940 principals and teachers, from schools in 18 municipalities, were trained.	0
When it's on top of the paper board, which is the opposite, it forms this. 	1
Led by the Ministry of Social Action, and with the integration of civil society organizations, local leaders and governmental institutions, the programme supported 20 municipalities of the departments of Nueva Segovia, Madriz and Estelí in the formulation of socio-economic characterizations and basic strategies for sustainable human development in each of those local governments.	0
Now a lot of us in the audience here live in the Midwest. 	1
37. In order to enhance decentralization and reconstruction efforts, the Institute, supported by the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat), implemented a national land registry system to levy taxes for land and property real estate, thereby increasing the possibilities of local governments to dispose of tax revenues for development purposes.	0
This is not only a change in water and where the shoreline is, this is a change in the fundamentals of the environment of this region. 	1
39. With regard to UNDP assistance to communities in the Atlantic Coast, a project aiming at sustainable human development of indigenous and farmer communities in the Autonomous South Atlantic Region contributed to the strengthening of institutions and capacities to formulate municipal development plans according to sustainable human development principles, emphasizing natural resources management and innovative and sustainable agricultural techniques.	0
41. The role of implementing agencies (WHO/PAHO and UNICEF) in a project on local integral health-care systems (PROSILAIS) (see also para. 44 below) as technical instruments in the process of reform and decentralization is very important.	0
There's a lot of toxic waste, a lot of things that were dumped there that are now becoming airborne. 	1
A. Integral rehabilitation through coordination of programmes for basic social services	0
The activities of the programme reached approximately 140,000 people directly and indirectly, of whom 70 per cent are women and children.	0
46. In relation to the main areas of implementation of General Assembly resolution 51/8, Nicaragua has been supported by the response of UNFPA to high-priority national needs in the processes related to sexual and reproductive health, behaviour and rights.	0
So we use a lot of water, a lot of land for agriculture. 	1
Education and information on sexual and reproductive health is also being made available to personnel and convicts in the National Prison System, through the creation of a network of sexual and reproductive health promoters.	0
If you look at carbon dioxide from burning tropical rainforest, or methane coming from cows and rice, or nitrous oxide from too many fertilizers, it turns out agriculture is 30 percent of the greenhouse gases going into the atmosphere from human activity. 	1
And yet, we don't talk about it very much. 	1
Activities of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), under its Great Lakes Operation, cover refugees in Burundi, Rwanda and the United Republic of Tanzania, as well as activities in favour of refugees from Burundi, Rwanda and the Congo in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; refugees from Burundi, Rwanda and the Democratic Republic of the Congo in the Congo; and refugees from Burundi, Rwanda, the Congo and the Democratic Republic of the Congo in all other countries in Central, East, West and Southern Africa.	0
So you put these together. It's really hard to see how we're going to get to the rest of the century without at least doubling global agricultural production. 	1
Through provincial agriculture and forestry authorities, UNHCR has planted over 4,400,000 trees, covering an area of more than 2,200 hectares in the Kirundo, Muyinga, Kayanza and Ngozi provinces.	0
It's going to either be organic or conventional or some mix of the two to deliver that. 	1
Again, aid staff had difficulty in locating and monitoring these children, especially those in foster families in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.	0
16. At Congo-Brazzaville, UNICEF maintained emergency activities during five months of the war in order to assist children, women and other vulnerable groups in the sectors of health, nutrition, water and sanitation and psycho-social care for traumatized children.	0
Today, many large rivers have reduced flows. 	1
Many left Rwanda when they were very young or were born in exile.	0
That's more than the emissions from all electricity and industry, or from all the world's planes, trains and automobiles. 	1
It has thus developed a foster family programme for children for whom no family member can be traced.	0
And they should be able to use one of these birth control methods to act on their decision. 	1
These schemes are aimed at facilitating the rehabilitation and reintegration of returnees, and at helping the non-returnee population to cope with the impact that the sudden and massive repatriation has had on the economy.	0
Some people worry that the real goal of family planning is to control populations. 	1
The problem of sexual violence has been addressed, and it is hoped that with staff devoted specifically to this issue and with strengthened security in the camps, there will be a reduction in the incidents of rape and other violence against refugee women.	0
In fact, if Uttar Pradesh was its own country, it would be the fifth largest country in the world. 	1
∙ Requested the Secretary-General to bring the resolution to the attention of all Member States, to seek their views and information on the implications and negative effects of unilateral coercive measures on their populations and to submit accordingly a report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session (para. 7);	0
And one of the teachings that we girls and my peers questioned was is birth control really a sin? 	1
Last year, I was in Nairobi, in the slums, in one called Korogocho -- which literally means when translated, "standing shoulder to shoulder." 	1
And the women talked very openly about their family life in the slums, what it was like. 	1
∙ The United States budget bill for foreign operations enacted in 1993 conditioned the granting of aid to the Soviet Union on the possibility of serious negotiations with that country with the aim of reducing the export of complex conventional weapons to the Islamic Republic;	0
I think, as we go through this history, it's important to pause for a moment and to remember why this has become such a contentious issue. 	1
(c) Loans from United States financial institutions.	0
Or, are we going to condemn them to some century-long struggle, as if this was still revolutionary France and the best method was coitus interruptus? 	1
The country also had to purchase industrial and agricultural products at second hand and at elevated prices.	0
4. The freezing of $5 million of funds of the Government of the Sudan in United States of America banks was in contravention of international law.	0
We can do our part, in this room and globally, by talking about the hundreds of millions of families that don't have access to contraception today and what it would do to change their lives if they did have access. 	1
10. This has prevented the Sudan from dealing with the international financial institutions and consequently prevented it from paying its arrears to these institutions.	0
 Thank you for your courage and everything else. 	1
What you're proposing is going to increase the likelihood that lots of sex happens outside marriage. 	1
They all come up and they're like, "You know, my aunt's sister's babysitter's dog's chicken went to China and adopted a girl." 	1
Such explorations should draw on – but not necessarily repeat – the provisions of the International Plan of Action on Ageing, the United Nations Principles for Older Persons and other recently adopted socio-economic standards pertaining, inter alia, to social development, human rights, human settlements, children and the advancement of women.	0
And I tell you what, it like everybody's got a story. 	1
(b) The age structures of families are changing.	0
And the light that shone off of her eyes was a place I could have stayed forever. 	1
Today, about 10 per cent of the population over age 60 are already in aged 80 and above, and the proportion will rise to 25 per cent before the year 2050;	0
Family members had bribed officials to interrupt the hereditary transfer of land by having the brothers declared dead, allowing them to inherit their father's share of the ancestral farmland. 	1
32. The adult years are a time for launching career and family and, when feasible, for engaging in continuing self-development and civic activities.	0
And the reasons for their absence are given in my text panel. 	1
Their caregiving role is examined below.	0
And I also photographed the gift bag they gave me when I left. 	1
61. In some ageing societies, the media have called attention to incipient “age wars”, citing age-based competition over resources, particularly health care and income security.	0
the way people are born and people die, and the stories keep coming and coming. 	1
Both entities emphasize a life cycle approach, from the girl-child to the older woman, believing that empowering younger women is the surest guarantee of securing the well-being of older women and that improving the status of older women will affect the aspirations of the young.	0
Well it's an approach to realize Einstein's dream of a unified theory of physics, a single overarching framework that would be able to describe all the forces at work in the universe. 	1
85. A National Policy for Older Persons is being prepared in India, to be completed by 15 August 1998.	0
Now some find this explanation unsatisfying. 	1
Fondation de France is planning to hold an international seminar in September 1999 for local French politicians and decision makers in charge of policies for older persons.	0
The Big Bang leaves out something pretty important, the Bang. 	1
The Government of Argentina will create four awards to promote scientific studies on ageing and a scholarship programme for individuals and institutions and will establish a documentation centre.	0
When we learn that astronomers of the far future may not have enough information to figure things out, the natural question is, maybe we're already in that position and certain deep, critical features of the universe already have escaped our ability to understand because of how cosmology evolves. 	1
The Government of Kuwait is undertaking field surveys of service provision and of the number and situation of older persons in ill health still living in their own homes and hospitals, in order to improve policy implementation.	0
Uruguay’s National Institute of Solidarity with Older Persons is in charge of organizing a meeting entitled Older Persons: Exchange of Experiences, to be held in Montevideo on 1 and 2 September 1998, the second in a series of regional meetings involving Argentina, Bolivia, Brazil, Chile and Paraguay.	0
The conference will take place in Brussels on 1 October and 2 October 1998.	0
But with some original ways of getting things done, with some basic commandments, you can really get cities to be a great, great place to live. 	1
A report based on the deliberations and outcome of the meeting was presented to the Commission on the Status of Women at its forty-second session, at which resolution 42/4, “Older women and support: gender and caregiving” was adopted.	0
So how do you move these people around? 	1
The second project was a compendium of community programmes for older persons in newly ageing countries, which lists operational projects at the community level.	0
This is a typical view of a favela in Rio. 	1
I have the honour to transmit herewith a copy of the letter of Mr. Živadin Jovanović, Federal Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, addressed to Mr. Bronislaw Geremek, Minister for Foreign Affairs of the Republic of Poland and Chairman-in-Office of the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe, dated 14 August 1998 (see annex).	0
As stated in General Assembly resolution 51/72 of 16 December 1996 such round tables are becoming a regular but informal mechanism for inter-agency cooperation and coordination for promoting and advancing communication for development.	0
But everything that I said here tonight, or the commandments, for us to govern cities -- invest in infrastructure, invest in the green, open parks, open spaces, integrate socially, use technology. 	1
5. As proposed in recommendations 3 and 4, UNESCO has supported initiatives in community radio for rural development (in Gambia and Ghana), and especially for the empowerment of women (India, Cape Verde, Trinidad and Tobago and Suriname).	0
The study entitled “Communicating for development: human change for survival”, by Colin Fraser and Sonia Restrepo-Estrada, has now been published.	0
And this isn't some suburban iPhone-using teen phenomenon. 	1
Other media and communication processes ranging from traditional media to video to modern communications are also used, often in an integrated approach to stimulate the awareness and capacity of rural people to actively participate in development.	0
In accordance with the Government’s privatization policy, specifically the Societies Act and legislation allowing for the liberalization of radio broadcasting, an economic and financial feasibility study has been completed with FAO support.	0
Maybe there's some studies, some longitudinal studies, that cost lots of money and took lots of time. 	1
Communication for development is most useful when it starts by listening to what people already know, what they aspire to become, what they perceive as possible and what they can productively sustain.	0
This is really, to me, the power of texting and the power of data. 	1
The publishing, merchandising, and sale of the series have allowed those projects to become viable and independent.	0
28. UNICEF has made significant investment in training packages in communication for use in developing countries in accordance with recommendation 7.	0
Advocacy may also be supported to integrate the human rights approach to the provision of reproductive and sexual health services and information to women and adolescents, including consensus-making consultations and other activities designed to enlist the support of policy makers, and support for legislative reform and enforcement of laws for the promotion and protection of women’s rights to reproductive choice and informed consent, in particular promotion of women’s legal literacy about regulations and policies that affect their rights and responsibilities in family life.	0
Maybe you think about the tragically boring board games that hold us hostage in Thanksgiving situations. 	1
Population education materials are periodically updated with emerging concerns and priority issues, such as those highlighted in the ICPD Programme of Action.	0
So this one here, this is the 1980 Olympics. 	1
51. However, the major feature of UNFPA’s inter-agency cooperation in communication for development rests in a unique set-up of multidisciplinary country support teams and specialized support services.	0
So this is my kid. This is Maezza, and when she was seven years old, she came home from school one day, and like I do every single day, I asked her, "What'd you do today?" 	1
52. At UNFPA, issues and activities concerning communication for development are increasingly dealt with in a decentralized fashion.	0
So she proceeded to tell me, and so any of you who are parents will recognize the bingo buzzwords here. 	1
Those subsidiary organs that wish to meet during a regular session of the Assembly submit their requests through the Committee on Conferences.	0
And she says, "They want to go." And I said, "Honey, no they don't want to go. This is the Middle Passage. 	1
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under items 40 and 85, entitled "The situation in the Middle East" and "Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories, respectively, of the provisional agenda, and of the Security Council.	0
We change as people through games, because we're involved, and we're playing, and we're learning as we do so. Thank you.  	1
International Decade for a Culture of Peace and Non-violence for the Children of the World (2001–2010)	0
It's a space where citizens can voice their discontent and show their power. 	1
Preparations for the Tenth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders	0
But beyond exhibiting contemporary art, the Hirshhorn will become a public forum, a place of discourse for issues around arts, culture, politics and policy. 	1
Question of a draft declaration on the right and responsibility of individuals, groups and organs of society to promote and protect universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms	0
By decision 1998/267, the Council, taking note of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/70, endorsed the Commission’s decision to extend the mandate of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Afghanistan for one year and to request the Special Rapporteur to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session and to the Commission at its fifty-fifth session.	0
And the question is, if one inhabits that space, what is the material of the Mall? 	1
The Council had before it a note by the Secretary-General identifying issues relating to global financial integration and development (E/1998/9).	0
It's a study of some bondage techniques, which are actually very important because it's hit by wind all the time. 	1
1. In accordance with its decision 1997/302 of 25 July 1997, the Council held a session on integrated and coordinated implementation and follow-up of major United Nations conferences and summits at its 6th to 11th meetings, held from 13 to 15 May 1998.	0
And the very first program will be one of cultural dialogue and diplomacy organized in partnership with the Council on Foreign Relations. 	1
8. At the same meeting, presentations were made by the Chairperson of the Commission on Population and Development and the Vice-Chairman of the Group of Experts on Public Administration and Finance.	0
Furthermore, the task at hand is now shifting towards implementation and monitoring of results.	0
And every unit of energy you save at the wheels, by taking out weight or drag, saves seven units in the tank, because you don't have to waste six units getting the energy to the wheels. 	1
Under each of these broad areas, a wealth of detailed suggestions, proposals and recommendations have been made and these are reflected below:	0
But today, ultralight, ultrastrong materials, like carbon fiber composites, can make dramatic weight savings snowball and can make cars simpler and cheaper to build. 	1
• It is important to maintain a balance between cross-sectoral and sectoral issues in conference follow-up.	0
So these innovations together can transform automakers from wringing tiny savings out of Victorian engine and seal-stamping technologies to the steeply falling costs of three linked innovations that strongly reenforce each other -- namely ultralight materials, making them into structures and electric propulsion. 	1
The private sector should be involved as well, in calling upon civil society to take social concerns into account as regards the activities of its members.	0
And they said, "We do not intend to be a typewriter maker." 	1
• The Council should take the lead in promoting greater involvement of civil society in the work and activities of the United Nations.	0
Audi claimed it's going to beat them both by a year. 	1
• Greater interaction between the Bureau of the Council and the bureaux of functional commissions is essential.	0
So 40 years hence, when you add it all up, a far more mobile U.S. economy can use no oil. 	1
Regular arrangements to facilitate interaction between the Secretariat and Member States on the activities of ACC could be established.	0
This is not about new technology, it's just rearranging our metal furniture. 	1
A joint situation analysis of where a country stands on conference follow-up may be carried out together with the Government.	0
Renewables are no longer a fringe activity. 	1
• The implementation of conference outcomes in countries in a post-conflict situation needs to be examined.	0
And in exactly the same way, the grid can handle wind and solar power's forecastable variations. 	1
The Council could pay particular attention to implementation in countries as they move from a crisis situation to rehabilitation and long-term development.	0
Hourly simulations show that largely or wholly renewable grids can deliver highly reliable power when they're forecasted, integrated and diversified by both type and location. 	1
Is there an actual inspiration behind each one? 	1
There was really no choice, as it would be grievous for the international community to retreat from multilateralism.	0
Now don't get me wrong, I'm not for one minute suggesting that sharing data is a bad thing. 	1
“9. Working with the World Bank, IMF was exploring ways to accelerate public enterprise and financial sector reforms, to improve the assessment of medium-term investments needs and the capacity to absorb external financing, and to identify potential adverse social consequences of reforms.	0
So let me expose this lurking industry a little bit further. 	1
The international community still needed to learn how to manage such economic turmoil.	0
Full and faithful implementation of the Uruguay Round commitments, which was considered essential for the credibility of the multilateral trading system, was called for.	0
 And the reason, I only worked out just the other day, which is when you go to a drinks party and you stand up and you hold a glass of red wine and you talk endlessly to people, you don't actually want to spend all the time talking. 	1
Some delegations stressed that the taking of unilateral measures as well as the enactment of national laws with extraterritorial effects should be totally excluded as an option of trade policy in regard to the multilateral trading system.	0
 And that's because having a son who's unemployed in Manchester is really quite embarrassing, but having a son who's unemployed in Thailand is really viewed as quite an accomplishment. 	1
“42. One delegation raised the issue of the banana trade and expressed discontent with the World Trade Organization ruling that preferential treatment of African, Caribbean and Pacific (ACP) countries contravened the World Trade Organization’s principles.	0
And so we, artificially I think, prioritize what I'd call mechanistic ideas over psychological ideas. 	1
“(e) Strengthening its information and training services, and strengthening technical cooperation to expand export supply capabilities of developing countries;	0
You're 200 yards away, you realize you've got five seconds to go, you floor it. 	1
“(f) Promoting better coherence among global development, financial and trade policies so that the ability of the developing countries to benefit from increasing trade was not compromised by imperfections in financial markets;	0
 The Koreans, very assiduously, did test both. 	1
(i) Annual report of the Executive Director of the World Food Programme to the Council (E/1998/62);	0
They believed that there was a discipline called praxeology, which is a prior discipline to the study of economics. 	1
23. After the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the observers for Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union).	0
“5. The Council emphasizes the need for a comprehensive and integrated approach to the promotion and protection of human rights based on effective coordination of efforts by United Nations bodies and specialized agencies.	0
My name's Tavi Gevinson, and the title of my talk is "Still Figuring It Out," and the MS Paint quality of my slides was a total creative decision in keeping with today's theme, and has nothing to do with my inability to use PowerPoint.  So I edit this site for teenage girls. I'm a feminist. 	1
“3. The Council calls for special efforts by the United Nations system to strengthen expertise concerning the equal status and human rights of women.	0
“4. The Council welcomes the positive results of the cooperation between the Committee on the Rights of the Child and the United Nations Children’s Fund.	0
The Council had before it the following documents:	0
 And it turned out the symphony could be used for more complex issues, like gripping ones of culture, such as nationalism or quest for freedom or the frontiers of sensuality. 	1
The Council notes the need to develop, through a strategic framework, when appropriate, a comprehensive approach to countries in crisis, in which key aspects of durable recovery, peace-building, all human rights, sustained economic growth and sustainable development, in accordance with the relevant resolutions of the General Assembly and recent United Nations conferences, are included.	0
5. Before the adoption of the draft resolution, statements were made by the observers for Indonesia (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China) and Austria (on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the European Union).	0
And the paper then suggested that you traded one for the other. 	1
6. After the adoption of the draft resolution, the representative of Germany made a statement.	0
If you wanted your brain for a particular body mass to be large, you had to live with a smaller gut. 	1
‘Convinced that an international decade for a culture of non-violence and peace for the children of the world, at the beginning of the new millennium, would give a strong encouragement to the efforts of the international community to foster harmony, peace and development throughout the world, ‘1.	0
If human, he'd have a nine-foot tongue. 	1
Subsequently Angola*, Benin*, the Congo*, the Democratic Republic of the Congo*, the Dominican Republic*, Malawi*, Nepal*, Thailand*, Tunisia, the United Republic of Tanzania*, Uganda* and Uruguay* joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
But some locations draw you back time and time again. 	1
(c) Report of the Secretary-General on the utilization of the development dividend (E/1998/81).	0
But just looking up with the naked eye, you really don't need one. 	1
(a) In annex I, paragraph 15, the square brackets were removed;	0
But to start it probably helps to have an understanding of what a 404 page actually is. 	1
50. At the same meeting, the Council adopted the draft resolution.	0
You sort of get down there to the bottom and things get really dicey. 	1
See Council resolution 1998/38. The voting was as follows: The delegation of Lebanon subsequently indicated that, had it been present during the voting, it would have voted in favour of the draft resolution.	0
Venue of the twenty-eighth session of the Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean	0
And therefore, we set up various experiments. 	1
The Council had before it a note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report prepared by the Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia on the economic and social repercussions of the Israeli settlements on the Palestinian people in the Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and of the Arab population in the occupied Syrian Golan (A/53/163-E/1998/79).	0
So we set up an experiment whereby we put a naked volunteer in a large cage, and in that cage we released mosquitos to see where they were biting on the body of that person. 	1
77. Before the draft resolution was adopted, the representative of the United States of America made a statement.	0
So the problem that we face with this is that, throughout the landscape, all these pools of water with the larvae, they are scattered all over the place, which makes it very hard for an inspector like this to actually find all these breeding sites and treat them with insecticides. 	1
What I'm going to show you is I'm gonna stick my arm into it and I will show you how quickly they will bite. 	1
An account of the discussion is contained in the relevant summary records (E/1998/SR.39, 40 and 45-47).	0
99. At the 47th meeting on 31 July, the Council, on the proposal of the President, took note of documents considered in connection with the question of economic and environmental questions.	0
In short, we're more optimistic than realistic, but we are oblivious to the fact. 	1
That means that out of five married couples, two will end up splitting their assets. 	1
“3. Further requests the Committee for Development Planning to include in its report consideration of the findings of the work of all relevant international agencies on the vulnerability of small island developing States;	0
Who here believes they're at the bottom 25 percent? 	1
116. At the same meeting, the Council adopted draft resolution E/1998/L.34.	0
(b) Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Fourteenth Meeting of Experts on the United Nations Programme in Public Administration and Finance (E/1998/77).	0
129. At the 40th meeting, the Council adopted the recommendations made by the Seventh United Nations Conference on the Standardization of Geographical Names (E/1998/47, para. 12 (a)–(c)).	0
So optimism changes subjective reality. 	1
The British government, for example, has acknowledged that the optimism bias can make individuals more likely to underestimate the costs and durations of projects. 	1
Language changes over time, and it's a powerful force. 	1
But it really hurt him to see the fear that this machine caused in kids. 	1
193. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision 7, entitled “A permanent forum for indigenous people in the United Nations system”, recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/1998/L.24, chap. I, sect. B).	0
And the hospital and GE were happy too. 	1
Racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerances	0
The right to restitution, compensation and rehabilitation for victims of grave violations of human rights and fundamental freedoms	0
If there is one for me, this is it. To help this happen. 	1
The draft decision was adopted by a recorded vote of 27 to none, with 18 abstentions.	0
Algeria, Bangladesh, Cape Verde, China, Colombia, Cuba, Djibouti, Guyana, The delegation of Guyana subsequently stated that it had intended to vote in favour of the draft decision, and not against it. India, Jordan, Lebanon, Mozambique, Pakistan, Saint Lucia, Sri Lanka, Togo, Tunisia, Viet Nam.	0
And so coming back to the brain, this is from a genetically engineered mouse called "Brainbow." 	1
217. At the 46th meeting, on 30 July, the Council adopted draft decision 29, entitled “The right to development”, recommended by the Commission on Human Rights (E/1998/L.24, chap. I, sect. B).	0
Now sometimes neuroscientists need to identify individual molecular components of neurons, molecules, rather than the entire cell. 	1
The draft decision was adopted by a recorded vote of 28 to 18, with 1 abstention.	0
Protection of the heritage of indigenous people	0
Then you're going to paste them where it makes sense for you to place your own statement. 	1
Freedom of movement and population transfer	0
One hundred thousand posters have been printed this year. 	1
A statement of the programme budget implications of the draft decisions, submitted by the Secretary-General in accordance with rule 31 of the rules of procedure of the Council, was circulated in document E/1998/L.4.	0
Agenda of the substantive session of 1998	0
What he did is he took the infected juice from tobacco plants and he would filter it through smaller and smaller filters. 	1
Beijerinck and his kind provide an important lesson for the next generation of explorers -- people like that young girl from Beloit, Wisconsin. 	1
And I'm not cheating. It's in the back. It's perfect. 	1
Passion is the motto of all my actions. 	1
I befriend a young juggler in a juggling troupe, and he agrees to sell me three clubs. 	1
I was pretty fast, but I was not fluid at all. 	1
And I was trying constantly to bring them back to me. 	1
So I just created the widest tightrope in the world. 	1
 Intuition is a tool essential in my life. 	1
If not, I will never do that first step. 	1
I lift the balancing pole. I approach the edge. 	1
Decisively my other foot sets itself onto the cable. 	1
Each time I street juggle I use improvisation. 	1
And I thought it would be incredible if in the middle of the wire I stopped and, like a magician, I produce a dove and send her in the sky as a living symbol of peace. 	1
But the bird, instead of flying away, goes flop, flop, flop and lands on my head. 	1
Rajenda Kalidas Wimala Goonesekere (Sri Lanka)	0
Now in the meantime, the audience, they go crazy. 	1
Now the kingdom is one of about 50 countries that imposes restrictions on the entry or stay of people living with HIV. 	1
 Nick Rhoades: If something is against the law then that is telling society that is unacceptable, that's bad behavior. 	1
And you're just like, I'm a very bad person. 	1
Shereen El-Feki: It's not just a question of unfair or ineffective laws. 	1
Hendrik Martinus Oudshoorn (Netherlands)	0
Like so I wrote a song, and I hope you guys dig it. 	1
Dimitri B. Volfberg (Russian Federation)	0
 So, as I say before the last piece, feel not as though it is a sphere we live on, rather an infinite plane which has the illusion of leading yourself back to the point of origin. 	1
So Dad continued to do this kind of work by hand. 	1
The Netherlands subsequently nominated an expert.	0
Agency for Cultural and Technical Cooperation (General Assembly resolution 33/18)	0
But that night, as we were packing up, I asked the Tele-Actor, how did the Tele-Directors decide that they would give a kiss to Sam Donaldson? 	1
And as you can see here, they can avoid delicate organs and still reach the targets they're aiming for. 	1
Council of Arab Economic Unity (Council decision 109 (LIX))	0
So what we're doing is asking the surgeon to perform the task, and we record the motions of the robot. 	1
Ms. Corazon Alma G. De Leon (Philippines)**	0
Action taken in relation to resolutions and decisions of the General Assembly and the legislative/governing bodies of other organizations of the common system	0
Let's have our cars go at 60 miles per hour. 	1
The Commission’s consideration of those matters may be found in paragraphs 237 to 247 below.	0
Well, you take the first number, and you divide by the other three, and you get eight kilometers. 	1
It noted that the report was the result of some 12 weeks of study by the Board’s auditing team.	0
And you can see the great diversity of population densities and of per capita consumptions. 	1
Although the Commission subsequently discontinued annual United Nations/United States total compensation comparisons, it maintained them for the determination of the highest paid civil service under the Noblemaire principle.	0
Solar panels, when you put them on a roof, deliver about 20 watts per square meter in England. 	1
Establish a clear and durable policy for fixing out-of-area weights (Falls under the authority of the Commission)	0
Experience had also shown that these conditions could change significantly in a relatively short period of time within a duty station.	0
Yes. Here it is. It's the bicycle. It's 80 times better in energy consumption, and it's powered by biofuel, by Weetabix. 	1
The working group had invited experts from outside the United Nations system to its sessions.	0
So here's a typical crappy British house. 	1
The report of the Board of Auditors also failed to indicate that in 1993, the Commission reviewed a detailed statistical report on women.	0
Now Codex C was only discovered in 1906, and it landed on my desk in Baltimore on the 19th of January, 1999. 	1
It was understood that by a memorandum of 30 July 1997 from the Executive Secretary, the auditors had been given a current staffing table of the ICSC secretariat; for the sake of accuracy, that updated information should have been reflected in the report.	0
They weren't in A and B at all; they were completely new texts by Archimedes, and they were called "The Method" and "The Stomachion." 	1
However, work indicators and work norms could be established, it being understood that these could not be definitive since they were projections and could not always be captured in quantitative format.	0
And it became a world famous manuscript. 	1
35. The Commission strongly supported the audit findings on the importance of having direct access to a centralized cohesive database related to human resources data for each United Nations common system organization.	0
Forgeries were painted over it, and it suffered very badly from mold. 	1
36. The Commission noted the secretariat’s support for this recommendation, and also noted that an expert consultant had already been engaged to conduct a systems study for the development of a modern integrated computer-based management information system.	0
Because not many people are really going to read Archimedes in ancient Greek, but they should have the chance to do it. 	1
That fact was at all times foremost in the minds of those who participated in the Working Group.	0
Then, having done that, we started to image the manuscript. 	1
Federation of International Civil Servants’ Associations	0
You zoom in and you zoom in and you zoom in and you zoom in, and you can just read it now. 	1
And this is a perfect square, and it's divided into 14 bits. 	1
53. The Commission emphasized that the above changes proposed to the rules of procedure had been agreed to by all participating parties to the discussion, members of the Commission and members of the Working Group, except for FICSA, which had maintained its observer status; those changes contributed to the consultative process without detracting from the substance of the Working Group’s original proposals.	0
And the result of this is that if you do a Google search on images right now and you type in "Illuminated manuscript Koran" for example, 24 of the 28 images you'll find come from my institution. 	1
With respect to paragraph 36 of the Working Group report, in which the Working Group called for the ICSC secretariat to gain experience in other areas of the United Nations system, and for staff from other United Nations agencies to be seconded from time to time to work in the ICSC secretariat, the Commission noted that it had supported similar recommendations that had been made in 1991 and 1995 and also supported this one.	0
It has nothing to do with the fact that I was born there, of course. 	1
69. The Commission recalled that the Federal Employees’ Pay Comparability Act (FEPCA), established in 1990, was designed to increase gradually federal civil service salaries to achieve comparability with non-federal salaries by 2002.	0
(c) Consequently, the current update of the study to identify the highest paid national civil service had again shown that the current comparator under the application of the Noblemaire principle was no longer the best.	0
What this means is that human development, not secularization, is what's key to women's empowerment in the transforming Middle East. 	1
It was noted that the German/United States comparison included a Bonn/Washington, D.C., cost-of-living adjustment based on expenditure patterns of German consumers.	0
What I can do and what I would like to do with you is give you, like that initial question, a set of questions to figure out for yourself, layer by layer, like peeling an onion, getting at the core of what you believe is moral or immoral persuasion. 	1
The United States/United Nations comparison, on the other hand, included a New York/Washington, D.C., cost-of-living adjustment based on expenditure patterns of United States consumers.	0
And I'd like to do that with a couple of examples of technologies where people have used game elements to get people to do things. 	1
89. The concept of base/floor salary scale was introduced with effect from 1 July 1990 by the General Assembly in section I.H of its resolution 44/198 of 21 December 1989.	0
At its fifty-first session, the Assembly reiterated its request.	0
It means living up to your own full potential as a human being. 	1
The impact of expatriation on the lives of staff members and their families did not diminish over time.	0
We make certain things harder and easier to do. 	1
Moreover, in many respects the costs related to expatriation increased over time.	0
102. CCAQ was ready to expand its documentation on this item, perhaps ideally in collaboration with the ICSC secretariat.	0
Why, when the question of what the good life is informs everything that we design, should we stop at design and not ask ourselves, how does it apply to our own life? 	1
These comparisons showed that the comparator staff had a significant advantage over those of the common system.	0
This is the Allen Telescope Array, about 350 miles from whatever seat you're in right now. 	1
Expatriate status brought with it an improvement in conditions for many staff vis-à-vis home country conditions.	0
Neptune's probably not very big in your life. 	1
CCAQ noted that the organizations had started to look at the implications for common system entitlements in view of the advent of the Euro currency in 1999.	0
Nobody called. I was so nervous that I couldn't sit down. I just wandered around taking photos like this one, just for something to do. 	1
CCAQ suggested that attention might be given to the simplification of entitlements for dependants, including the use of single and dependent rates of the salary scale.	0
And I think there's a lesson in that, and that lesson is that if we pick up a signal, the media, the media will be on it faster than a weasel on ball bearings. It's going to be fast. 	1
But what about you? What's it going to do to you? 	1
The job for the Commission might therefore be as much educational as it was technical.	0
You gotta get them with your thumb before they find the sugar or something. 	1
The matter would be presented to the Congress at its next session.	0
Because we think identity is something to do with names, and because we're rooted in the idea of the identity card, which obsesses us. 	1
157. The Commission would continue to monitor the evolution of post adjustment in Geneva in the light of future developments, including the introduction of the Euro in selected countries of the European Union.	0
I read this all the time, where even at some universities and places of education, kids are forced to hand over their Facebook passwords. 	1
However, the Commission noted with satisfaction that the legal counsels of the organizations were seized of the matter, and that several proposals had been circulated.	0
So my suggestion-I, like James, think that there should be a resurgence of interest in R &amp; D. 	1
For currency areas with few education grant levels, the maximum admissible expenditure adjustment mechanism is triggered only if a minimum of five claims exceed the existing maximum admissible expenditure limit.	0
And this is Doctor Who with his psychic paper. 	1
The Commission also noted that on average, staff members were reimbursed $6,630 per claim.	0
That means something, I don't know what. 	1
If you've ever been up to the big city, and used an Oyster card at all, does that ring any bells to anybody? 	1
205. The Commission noted that in most organizations, there was no usage requirement and no retesting to ascertain if proficiency had been maintained.	0
  So maybe you have to think about a second theory if the first one isn't good enough. 	1
The administrative difficulties involved with placing a focus on local conditions would be significant.	0
And as we think about that, we're actually beginning to find things like, do you have an ACE gene? 	1
But it's really hard, once you ski down, to get back up. 	1
(e) The inflation assumption used in the analysis must, of necessity, encompass a period of time reflecting the longevity of plan participants.	0
And he gave a wonderful technical talk. 	1
At the time of the next review, the Commission decided that the amounts of hazard pay for both categories of staff would be examined.	0
They start with the phrase, "A friend told me," and then they end with the phrase, "Is this true?" 	1
239. The representative of CCAQ expressed concern about the information provided by the secretariat.	0
And it's really an odd sort of structure. 	1
It concluded that even though the Assembly, in its resolution 52/216, had not mentioned a specific time-frame for the finalization of the review, there was no reason for a postponement.	0
The skeletal support comes from an interaction between a pressurized fluid and a surrounding wall of tissue that's held in tension and reinforced with fibrous proteins. 	1
Because he was afraid I was walking into a trap. 	1
It was assumed that of these staff members, only a small number qualified for a stopover for a journey of more than 10 (or 12) hours.	0
And that was because every hydrostatic skeleton had the same basic elements. 	1
(e) For travel on home leave stopovers for journeys of more than 12 hours should only be maintained if staff members travelling with children under the age of 12 chose to have their tickets provided by the organization.	0
So you can see that the fibers wrap in helices, and those fibers can reorient as the skeleton moves, which means the skeleton's flexible. 	1
It further noted the comparison of remuneration amounts provided in the documentation before it.	0
In its resolution 52/216 of 22 December 1997, the Assembly had recalled its resolution 51/216 of 18 December 1996, in which it had requested the Commission to take the lead in analysing new approaches in the human resources management field so as to develop standards, methods and arrangements that would respond to the specific needs of the organizations of the common system, and to report thereon to the Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
One problem is there are some sounds in Arabic that just don't make it through a European voice box without lots of practice. 	1
It also welcomed the intention of the Commission to submit in 1998 a comprehensive report on new approaches to human resources management.	0
Also, those very sounds tend not to be represented by the characters that are available in European languages. 	1
267. The Commission reviewed some of the trends that were having an effect on the common system and were relevant to the management of human resources. It observed that the growing interface of the United Nations system with civil society had resulted in a global institution in which reliance on outside sources of assistance was increasingly replacing in-house expertise, particularly in technical fields.	0
One of the most pervasive problems in the world today for people is inadequate access to clean drinking water. 	1
At its 1997 forum on new directions in human resources management, ICSC had identified some areas where flexibility could be introduced.	0
We take the water from the sea and we apply pressure. 	1
The Chairman of CCAQ preferred that each party should have an equal number of representatives in the working group.	0
It was first excavated in 1961 as they were building LAX, although scientists believe that it dates back to the year 2000 Before Common Era, when it was used as a busy transdimensional space port by the ancient astronauts who first colonized this planet and raised our species from savagery by giving us the gift of written language and technology and the gift of revolving restaurants. 	1
The executive heads had stressed the importance of promoting an active policy of mainstreaming a gender perspective in all policies and programmes.	0
Every now and then, I admit that I complete a phone call on it occasionally. 	1
Progress towards the goal of gender equality had been limited, in particular with respect to their inclusion in the mainstream work of the organizations of the common system and at policy and decision-making levels.	0
This is a design that once you saw it, you forgot about it. 	1
The representative welcomed the emphasis the Commission had placed in mainstreaming a gender perspective in the overall human resources management strategy of the organizations, and called upon it to continue its examination of gender balance.	0
The Commission noted that there had indeed been progress over the past 12 years due to the considerable efforts of the organizations of the common system to improve the status of women.	0
We do that all the time. We just can't shake it off. 	1
Members considered that a booklet containing, inter alia, the statistics reported in the secretariat’s document would be useful both to the organizations and the Member States.	0
We always think about autism as something that happens later on in life. 	1
299. The representative of ICAO drew the Commission’s attention to a workshop on diversity that had been held at ICAO, noting that the activity was mentioned in the secretariat’s compendium of best practice.	0
A view was expressed that managing diversity did not represent a problem for staff in the United Nations system.	0
What we want is to embrace that world and bring it into our laboratory, but in order for us to do that, we had to create these very sophisticated measures, measures of how people, how little babies, how newborns, engage with the world, moment by moment, what is important, and what is not. 	1
(d) Some agenda items could be included only to be taken note of, on the basis of information documents;	0
This time, it adds another byline to it with McKinley's: Erica Goode. 	1
This is to be made available to the participants, in all languages, at least 10 working days before their consideration.	0
Yes, the issue was about breast-tissue engineering. 	1
17. The Working Group also agreed that it was essential that the Commission and its secretariat, the staff representatives and the representatives of CCAQ should be partners in preparing the material so that all perspectives were considered.	0
Putting them there made them more recognizable. 	1
(c) The review of the issues would take place under a flexible system of informal working groups composed of members of the Commission, staff representatives and representatives of CCAQ.	0
By the way, apparently, Wired took all this to heart. 	1
(d) The distinction that might be drawn as to whether directions by the Chairman applied to administrative priorities and conduct or to the technical responsibilities of the secretariat.	0
In that connection, consideration was given to the issues described below.	0
So I would roll, I'd make no eye contact -- just kinda frown, right? 	1
Those matters merited further consideration by the Commission and the General Assembly in the context of its review of ICSC.	0
Nothing whatsoever worked until a few years ago, my six-year-old daughters were looking at this wheelchair catalog that I had, and they said, "Oh, Dad! Dad! Look, you gotta get these, these flashy wheels -- you gotta get 'em!" 	1
Days 1-3: Substantive discussions of issues on the agenda;	0
That's right, that's right; I'm no longer a victim. 	1
Day 4: Bureau prepares the draft report;	0
I chose to change the situation -- I'm the Commander of the Starship Wheelchair with the phaser wheels in the front. Right? 	1
But as a dysfunctional, as a dysfunctional murderer/psychotic, he's something much more complicated. 	1
This to take place through a flexible system of working groups	0
4. In view of the evolution of the field of human resources management, it would be desirable to define a set of competencies for Commissioners.	0
Today we don't confront the chaos of nature. 	1
In 1995, the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions (CCAQ) developed and discussed draft criteria for the selection of members of ICSC (see attachment).	0
Today it is the chaos of humanity's impact on the Earth itself that we confront. 	1
A second alternative would be the timely preparation by the Administrative Committee on Coordination, in consultation with Member States and staff representatives, of a roster of candidates that would serve as the sole source of nominees for membership to the Commission.	0
(b) Current organizational and management concepts;	0
An object devoid of intent -- it's random, it's imitative, it repels us. It's like a piece of junk mail to be thrown away. 	1
So I called Barry, and with his blessing, in October 1995 walked into the waiting room of the pediatrics clinic at Boston Medical Center. 	1
I'll never forget, the TVs played this endless reel of cartoons. 	1
Why is the post adjustment for New York at multiplier 42.6?	0
Patients then take their prescriptions to our desk in the clinic waiting room where we have a core of well-trained college student advocates who work side by side with these families to connect them out to the existing landscape of community resources. 	1
Consequently, the average net remuneration of a United Nations official at the P-4 level in New York should be approximately 43 per cent higher than the base/floor salaries.	0
Pursuant to decree 94-211 of 11 March 1994, European Union nationals and their immediate family members may obtain a special residence permit (carte de séjour), normally valid for five years and renewable.	0
4. The preparatory work on the priority human resources issues identified by the Commission at its summer (1998) session, i.e., job classification and ethics, will commence immediately; that work shall also be referred to the Working Group.	0
They sit, they watch the goldfish in the fish tank, they read extremely old copies of Good Housekeeping magazine. 	1
5. The Working Group will be assisted in its work by the secretariats of ICSC and CCAQ, in particular for the following:	0
But mostly we all just sit there forever, waiting. 	1
Report of the International Civil Service Commission	0
And of course all of this requires a broader workforce. 	1
95 The Commission decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the revised staff assessment scale shown in annex V be used from 1 March 1999 in conjunction with the base/floor salary scale shown in annex IV.	0
So our feeling is, if it's good enough for the rugby team, it's good enough for health and poverty. 	1
Health Leads too recruits competitively, trains intensively, coaches professionally, demands significant time, builds a cohesive team and measures results -- a kind of Teach for America for healthcare. 	1
And they leave with the conviction, the ability and the efficacy to realize our most basic aspirations for health care. 	1
189 The system-wide annual financial implications associated with the Commission’s recommendations regarding the education grant system were estimated at $660,000 and $515,000 (a total of $1,175,000) for the maximum admissible expenditures and increases in boarding costs, respectively.	0
So I had been at Legal Services for about nine months when this idea of Health Leads started percolating in my mind. 	1
Item 157 of the provisional agenda A/53/150.	0
But he said this, "Rebecca, when you have a vision, you have an obligation to realize that vision. 	1
This atrocious crime is documented by incontrovertible evidence and the accounts of two arrested members of the terrorist organization who are directly responsible for the killing of these civilians.	0
I believe that at the end of the day when we measure our healthcare, it will not be by the diseases cured, but by the diseases prevented. 	1
The Federal Republic of Yugoslavia makes a clear distinction between its citizens belonging to the Albanian ethnic minority, who are equal to all other persons in every respect, and the insane champions of the idea of a “Greater Albania”, who pose the greatest threat to Balkan peace and stability.	0
Whether in cave paintings or the latest uses of the Internet, human beings have always told their histories and truths through parable and fable. 	1
The report also noted that each of the global conferences convened under United Nations auspices had resulted in international consensus on strategies in the conference’s particular area of concern and had identified a wide range of supportive measures and actions.	0
Frank Capra's classic values independence and propriety. 	1
Given financial markets’ current trepidation regarding the soundness of emerging economies, borrowing costs have risen. The fact that investment has been cut back in a number of countries may have longer-term implications for their development prospects.	0
The concern as the millennium approaches is to what extent these shocks can be accommodated by the right mix of domestic and international policies and what the costs will be in relation to prospects.	0
What would they do under the same conditions? 	1
Similarly, countries in Africa with rapid gross domestic product (GDP) growth rates – such as Botswana, Mauritius and Tunisia – have reduced the incidence of poverty; but progress is much less clear in economies that have recorded only moderate growth and for only a limited period of time.	0
And they themselves had not known they cared. 	1
I had "Anne Frank," "The Great Escape," "Shoah," "Triumph of the Will." 	1
20. FDI flows to developing countries reached an estimated 85 billion dollars in 1997 – or five times their level in 199015.	0
And it's okay if we remember Tom Hanks better than astronaut Jim Lovell or have Ben Kingsley's face superimposed onto that of Gandhi's. 	1
However, 1997 marked a pause in this upward trend, particularly in East Asia, where flows were about the same as in 1996. This drop was offset by a rise in flows to Latin America, attributable to several factors, notably, privatization, improved economic performance and continuing liberalization.	0
Nor has there been much of a shift in terms of the recipients.	0
Once-reluctant students now race to school, talk to their teachers, fight, not on the playground, but to choose next week's film -- young people who have found self-definition, ambition and an appetite for education and social engagement from the stories they have witnessed. 	1
Aid was seen as contributing to capital accumulation (human, as well as physical).	0
 So, I took a look at my life, a hard look at my life, and I saw some things very disturbing. 	1
And I didn't know where he was going with it at first. 	1
Rather, it depends on the scope and coverage of its provisions, and the nature of the enforcement mechanism, as well as the economic circumstances of each member and its policy stances.	0
On occasion, the term is taken to mean that the production of goods has become more diversified, with one part of a product being made in one locale and another part elsewhere.	0
So, without further ado, I will present to you, ladies and gentlemen -- now be careful, 'cause it's evil -- a copy, the official copy, of the gay agenda. 	1
Included here would be the advantages of increased trade, as well as trade-induced technology transfers.30	0
Did you soak it all in? The gay agenda. 	1
This is the gay agenda: equality. Not special rights, but the rights that were already written by these people -- these elitists, if you will. 	1
55. A number of debt-relief schemes for least developed countries and other low-income countries have been set up in recent years.	0
There was a point in our history in which, if you were considered disabled, that an employer could just fire you, before the Americans with Disabilities Act. 	1
As a mid-term step, the Government set out to increase the development cooperation budget to 0.4 per cent of GNP by 2000.	0
88. Less than two years from a new millennium, many of the goals and objectives set out in the Declaration and the International Development Strategy remain unattained.	0
The recent Asian financial crisis attests to this.	0
It doesn't make them good people, but it's at the heart of engineering, at the heart of a creative community, an innovative community, and the open source community, the basic ethos of it is, take what other people do, make it better, give it back so we all rise further. 	1
The rest of African least developed countries have received FDI flows ranging between $1 million and $30 million.	0
In fact, it wasn't until the late 1980s that they acquired a right to a lawyer during the third chapter of the story. 	1
43 Alassane D. Ouattara, Deputy Managing Director, IMF, informal briefing of the Second Committee of the General Assembly entitled “Africa: recent development and globalization”, New York, 18 June 1998, p. 3.	0
Now, you might think that this decline in death sentences and the increase in the number of life sentences is a good thing or a bad thing. 	1
The 1998 list of middle and small size meetings is in the order of some 120, of a duration varying from one to two days to three weeks; these are made up of meetings of treaty bodies, open-ended working groups of a standard setting nature, meetings of boards of trustees, working groups, special rapporteurs, etc.	0
These additional requirements would, however, be addressed by the release of meeting rooms used by human rights bodies, if, in taking into consideration the information already provided in paragraph 12 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/52/19/Add.1), the Palais Wilson accommodates an estimated 680 human rights meetings per year.	0
In fact, if we just imagine that there are five different modes of intervention, the way that society could intervene in each of those five chapters, and we could mix and match them any way we want, there are 3,000 -- more than 3,000 -- possible strategies that we could embrace in order to nudge kids like Will off of the path that they're on. 	1
And the kids are in prison, but they go to school from eight in the morning until four in the afternoon. 	1
It continues to call upon all Governments to investigate and clarify past cases of enforced or involuntary disappearances, to bring the perpetrators to justice, to exhume mortal remains and to pay adequate compensation to the victims and their families, taking effective measures to prevent enforced disappearances even in emergency situations.	0
Those of you who have seen the film "Moneyball," or have read the book by Michael Lewis, will be familiar with the story of Billy Beane. 	1
(a) An intergovernmental working group be established to draft guidelines for the ethical use of the Internet;	0
But with a lot of these conditions, that actually isn't the case, or at least it isn't the case all the time. It's as if there's a rain delay, every single time in many cases. 	1
9. The purpose of the study is to identify practices that lead to economic deprivation or exclusion of ethnic, racial, national and linguistic minorities as well as indigenous populations and migrants.	0
We've selected, at every point in this system, to do what we do, and to give everyone a precondition and then eventually a condition, in some cases. 	1
(b) Creation of an open-ended working group to consider and formulate proposals to be forwarded to the preparatory committee of the World Conference against Racism, Racial Discrimination, Xenophobia and Related Intolerance;	0
Now the baby grew into a very smart guy. 	1
We are used to looking at charts like that, and you see this red line showing the air temperature in June and July, and yes, that's right, it's picking up to 45 degrees C. 	1
2. The General Assembly, by its resolution 35/2 of 13 October 1980, had invited the Asian-African Legal Consultative Committee (AALCC) to participate in its sessions and its work in the capacity of an observer.	0
It was a very comfortable game in Mexico City. Have a look. 	1
The Legal Counsel of the United Nations also held meetings with the Secretary-General of AALCC.	0
All these parameters go into the comfort feeling of our human body, and scientists have developed a parameter, which is the perceived temperature, where all these parameters go in and help designers to understand which is the driving parameter that I feel comfort or that I don't feel comfort. 	1
The Consultative Committee emphasized universal acceptance of the existing reservation regime as set out in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and proposed that ambiguities, gaps and lacunae should be filled through commentaries to the relevant provisions of the Vienna Convention.	0
We applied the same concept: shading of the training pitch, using a shelter against wind, then using the grass. 	1
24. Collaboration between AALCC and UNCITRAL continues.	0
26. Briefs of documents prepared by the AALCC secretariat furnishing an overview of recent developments in matters related to the law of the sea were considered by the Consultative Committee at its thirty-sixth and thirty-seventh sessions.	0
Well, when I think of the future, I never see myself moving forward in time. I actually see time moving backward towards me. 	1
In that connection, the Assembly urged all parties involved to continue to offer all feasible assistance, including facilitating the movement of relief supplies and personnel, so as to guarantee maximum success of Operation Lifeline Sudan in all affected parts of the country.	0
Are they feeling it from their heart, or is it just a cerebral thing? 	1
The present report has been prepared in response to that request and covers the period from October 1997 to July 1998.	0
While efforts to find peaceful solutions to the ongoing civil conflict in the Sudan gained momentum during two rounds of negotiations under the auspices of the Intergovernmental Authority on Development (IGAD), no ceasefire had been agreed to by the end of June 1998.	0
Netra's a high school history teacher. I love Netra, but I hate history. 	1
I keep saying, "Nets, you live in the past while I'll create the future, and when I'm done, you can study about it." 	1
Nutritional surveys showed that global malnutrition rates had risen to as high as 62 per cent in certain areas of Bahr Al Ghazal.	0
During a mission by the Assistant Emergency Relief Coordinator (Designate) of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, Operation Lifeline Sudan agreed to open a second logistics base in the Government-controlled town of Al Obeid located north of the transitional zone.	0
It lets us create who we are, and curate what is to come. 	1
The United Nations denounced the killings and called upon all parties to allow safe passage for humanitarian personnel.	0
So swift is the velocity of the techno-scientific revolution, so startling in its countless twists and turns, that no one can predict its outcome even a decade from the present moment. 	1
18. The Special Envoy also focused his efforts on reducing constraints in the operating environment.	0
I'll now proceed quickly, and before else, to a subject that is both a vital asset and a potential barrier to a scientific career. 	1
Minimum operational standards were introduced with the aim of ensuring programme effectiveness and safety of humanitarian personnel in Operation Lifeline Sudan areas.	0
If you are a bit short in mathematical skills, don't worry. 	1
21. Implementation of the 1996 Operation Lifeline Sudan review continued.	0
Prior to the ban, Ajiep, Akak, Akon, Thiek Thou and Warrap, which are only accessible by air and where approximately 185,000 people were in need of relief assistance, were rejected on a regular basis.	0
We challenged ourselves to create an online class that would be equal or better in quality to our Stanford class, but to bring it to anyone in the world for free. 	1
From Daphne Koller and Andrew Ng, we learned the concept of "flipping" the classroom. 	1
WFP northern sector food assistance reached an average of 148,000 beneficiaries each month.	0
56. UNICEF continued to provide agricultural, fisheries and livestock inputs to strengthen the food security of displaced and war-effected populations.	0
Granted, we don't have everything in between, because some of the data is hard to get. 	1
65. UNICEF-Nairobi conducted six workshops for NGO personnel in Nairobi and Lokichokio on the basic humanitarian principles of neutrality, impartiality, accountability and transparency.	0
And for the last four years, my coauthor Phanish Puranam and I spent investigating this topic. 	1
76. The Government of Denmark has contributed 21.2 million kroner ($3,110,000) as follows: Dkr 7 million to Save the Children (DK/US) for emergency kits; Dkr 2 million to DanChurch Aid for food and seeds; Dkr 1 million to the International Federation of Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies for food and health activities; Dkr 1.1 million to the Adventist Development and Relief Agency for distribution of protein biscuits; and Dkr 10 million to the World Food Programme for food aid.	0
The first type of invisible innovation out of India is what we call innovation for business customers, which is led by the multinational corporations, which have -- in the last two decades, there have been 750 R&amp;amp;D centers set up in India by multinational companies employing more than 400,000 professionals. 	1
89. While appreciation for the overall progress achieved by Operation Lifeline Sudan is justified, there is no reason to be satisfied.	0
What happens when you put hundreds of thousands of smart, young, ambitious kids on a call center job? 	1
An effort is made in each report to provide information that is most pertinent to the respective intergovernmental body in order to facilitate intergovernmental decision-making.	0
As many of you know, IBM has always been considered for the last hundred years to be one of the most innovative companies. 	1
The emphasis of the reports to the Economic and Social Council is on facilitating the coordination function of the Council. The reports to the General Assembly contain information from entities of the United Nations system, including specialized agencies and international financial institutions, as well as a review of activities undertaken at the national level and by non-governmental organizations and other institutions in civil society.	0
Here is the profile of employees of IBM over the last decade. 	1
The report of the Secretary-General contained in document E/1998/54 and Corr.1 surveyed progress in implementing the outcome of the Beijing Conference in the operational activities of the United Nations system.	0
And even though Mount Chimborazo isn't the tallest mountain in the Andes, it's one degree away from the equator, it's riding that bulge, and so the summit of Chimborazo is the farthest point on Earth from the center of the Earth. 	1
14. In its resolution on operational activities (resolution 1998/26), the Economic and Social Council emphasized the need for gender analysis to be an integral part of all operational activities and called for information on follow-up to the Beijing Conference to be incorporated in the triennial comprehensive policy review.	0
I didn't know that; that's pretty cool. 	1
This was carried out, inter alia, through its network of United Nations information centres and services in 67 countries, which produced radio and television programmes and collaborated with non-governmental organizations (NGOs) to highlight issues related to the implementation of the Beijing Platform of Action.	0
To initiate an internal debate on UNCTAD commitments regarding the cross-sectoral issue of the empowerment of women and the mainstreaming of a gender perspective in its policies and programmes, a Workshop on Gender Sensitization was held in December 1997. Approximately 30 Professional staff members participated.	0
Fireflies are not flies, fireflies are beetles. 	1
With regard to indicators, UNDP contributed to a global research programme on engendering labour statistics and the valuation of unremunerated labour.	0
In mid-1998, UNDP placed 18 UNV gender specialists in UNDP field offices.	0
On the basis of the positive experience with the first two workshops for training statisticians in gathering and processing sex-disaggregated data, sponsored by UNESCO in Africa in 1996 and 1997, a similar workshop was held for Arab States.	0
This is the kind of fact I would have loved as a boy. 	1
A Latin American and Caribbean regional workshop was held in Jamaica in September 1997 to create a strategy for addressing adolescent pregnancy from a rights perspective and to share experiences and ideas for regional action.	0
So a few weeks ago, a friend of mine gave this toy car to his 8-year-old son. 	1
The Bank helped to finance an innovative participatory approach to women’s literacy, which is being implemented by Action Aid in seven countries.	0
The gentleman who made this project had two cats. 	1
In January 1998, UNDP approved a new policy that provides increased female staffing targets, accountability measures for those targets, and a recruitment policy.	0
72. UNV continued to promote highly qualified women volunteers.	0
Yesterday's Internet was a platform for the presentation of content. 	1
The reason I know this story is because he's my neighbor.  He actually moved across the street from us, and he held a cocktail party to meet the neighbors, and he says, "You're Don Tapscott. 	1
UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization	0
He gives them more money for geological data, they come back, they can't tell him where to go into production. 	1
He takes his geological data, he publishes it and he holds a contest on the Internet called the Goldcorp Challenge. 	1
Transparency is about the communication of information. 	1
The programme is also concerned with effective environmental monitoring and governance.	0
IBM gave away 400 million dollars of software to the Linux movement, and that gave them a multi-billion dollar payoff. 	1
27. The UNU Centre is cooperating with UNU/INWEH in the sustainable management of water resources, especially for international basins.	0
And there's leadership, but there's no one leader. 	1
They will be small units, with one to three staff members, located within government, university or non-governmental organization institutions in strategically located developing countries.	0
The following are the most promising initiatives so far identified:	0
49. UNU/INWEH began two communications activities during the year.	0
This programme concentrates on strengthening developing countries’ knowledge of advanced software technology by organizing joint research and development projects and providing postgraduate software engineering and computer science education.	0
Some of the project’s findings have been circulated and have formed a basis for academic links with numerous institutions, such as the National Science Foundation in the United States of America and the National Innovation Systems Project of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.	0
My psychosis, on the other hand, is a waking nightmare in which my devils are so terrifying that all my angels have already fled. 	1
The report of a seminal 1996 workshop on the Causes and Consequences of Intrauterine Growth Retardation is being published as a supplement to The European Journal of Clinical Nutrition and will be reprinted as an IDECG monograph.	0
I sincerely want to believe that technology can bring us the techno-utopia that we've been promised, but, you see, I've spent a career in law enforcement, and that's informed my perspective on things. 	1
Second, the text is “enconverted” into an intermediate, abstract representation called UNL, which is composed of hundreds of thousands of universal words and symbols.	0
This programme targets the academic community and policy makers in developing and former socialist countries.	0
Work on this programme is carried out by UNU/WIDER;	0
The innovation of the terrorist operations center gave terrorists unparalleled situational awareness and tactical advantage over the police and over the government. 	1
Several of the studies contained in the book have been published in UNU/WIDER’s Research for Action series.	0
This is what radicals can do with openness. 	1
These recommendations will be based in part on the successful experiences of the South-East Asian countries.	0
The ability of one to affect many is scaling exponentially, and it's scaling for good and it's scaling for evil. 	1
A major focus of the research is to assess the potential of telework for ecologically sound urban planning.	0
As we've seen here, we're transforming ourselves into cyborgs. 	1
It also highlights the way in which the technology itself could be used for economic empowerment and inclusion.	0
Well, with synthetic biology you can do some pretty neat things. 	1
The project had been exploring the impact of information-intensive production modes on the quality and quantity of women’s employment.	0
In fact, we may have some really interesting bread and beer as we go into this next century. 	1
114. A book entitled Globalization, Technological Changes and Women’s Work in Asia, which synthesizes all of the project’s research, is being prepared for publication.	0
They're killing so many people they can't even afford to bury them all in anything but these unmarked graves like this one outside of Ciudad Juarez. 	1
A book entitled The United Nations and the Management of Security Studies was being prepared for publication in 1998 by UNU Press.	0
We've seen paradigm shifts in crime and terrorism. 	1
125. The project has several components which will result in the publication of three books in 1998.	0
128. The UNU/IAS Environment and Multilateral Diplomacy project addresses sustainable development issues from the perspective of the collective responsibility of States.	0
The second was the International Conference on Mediation and Conflict Resolution, organized by the Initiative on Conflict Resolution and Ethnicity and held in November in Northern Ireland, United Kingdom.	0
He was a college professor at a state school; he knows what paperwork looks like. 	1
Women and Kinship: Comparative Perspectives on Gender in South and South-East Asia.	0
And what puts us together is that we have a common, at least, global understanding of what the word "business" is, or what it should be. 	1
The other was The Impact of Chaos on Science and Society, which will be published in Japanese.	0
What we're trying to do, or what we believe, because this is how we believe the world really works, is that without the environment you have nothing. 	1
So far, all the UNU food and nutrition publications have been scanned, and the scanning of the University’s books on sustainable development is almost complete.	0
Global Environmental Change – Human and Policy Dimensions;	0
       Chris Anderson: You guys were amazing. 	1
And if it goes horribly wrong, no worries. 	1
169. UNU/IIST is providing 50 developing country institutions with technical reports, information on international software literature and free software.	0
So here's my special mission for this talk: I'm going to try to increase the life span of every single person in this room by seven and a half minutes. 	1
"I wish I'd stayed in touch with my friends." 	1
UNIFEM is also collaborating with UNU/INTECH on writing a policy paper on gender issues for the International Telecommunication Union for its 1998 World Telecommunications and Development Conference.	0
I'm not sure, so I've left a Super Mario question mark. 	1
FAO is providing a research contribution to the UNU/WIDER project on Land Distribution, Land Reform and Economic Growth.	0
In other words -- and I think you see where this is going -- no reason to live. 	1
The third major item was the adoption of the biennial budget and academic programme for the period 1998-1999.	0
"I feel closer to my friends and family." 	1
(c) In April, an agreement of cooperation was signed with Hitotsubashi University of Japan to collaborate in research on global issues;	0
J. A. van Ginkel (Netherlands), Rector Magnificus and Professor of Human Geography, Utrecht University (UNU Rector from 1 September 1997)	0
Françoise Héritier-Augé (France), Director, Laboratoire d’anthropologie sociale, École des Hautes Études en Sciences Sociales, Collège de France	0
So, the average life expectancy in the U.S. and the U.K. is 78.1 years, but we know from more than 1,000 peer-reviewed scientific studies that you can add 10 years of life by boosting your four types of resilience. 	1
And the good news is, you can keep going like that. 	1
Implementation of the programme of activities for the Decade	0
People have used microscopes to look at the microbes that cover us, I know you're not paying attention to me, but ... 	1
Working group on the draft declaration on the rights of indigenous peoples	0
And excessive use of antibiotics, in particular in children, has been shown to be associated with, again, risk factors for obesity, for autoimmune diseases, for a variety of problems that are probably due to disruption of the microbial community. 	1
27. The team is composed of two professional staff members; one regular staff member and one indigenous secondment funded since May 1996 by the Government of Norway.	0
So, let's fire it up and see what it does. 	1
Five governmental observers took part in discussions related to funding of the activities of the Decade.	0
Thank you.  I also have with me a flame table. 	1
The seminar is due to be held at the United Nations Office at Geneva from 2 to 4 November 1998.	0
The songs are a little similar, but mostly I'm just interested in the idea that someday maybe we'll buy a song because we like the way it looks. 	1
The Fund is administered by a board of trustees.	0
So if we were to render these sounds visually, we might end up with something like this. 	1
For the purpose of implementing the law, the Government of Japan has allocated a sum equivalent to $2.33 million in the current fiscal year.	0
He's going to have to correct for that with steering. 	1
71. The Government of Australia is giving priority to addressing the disadvantaged state of indigenous people in key socio-economic areas.	0
Can we take this reflexive action that we see from the very best race car drivers, introduce it to our cars, and maybe even into a system that could get onto your car in the future? 	1
Sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography	0
"They're not sure this rises to the level of harassment, and they're not set up technically to find the device." 	1
The delegates spent the first three days telling their stories and developing a vision for change through artistic expression.	0
Here's Ramon —  — looking for a little attention from Dad that week. 	1
28. The Convention on the Rights of the Child (General Assembly resolution 44/25, annex) marked a significant evolution in international law.	0
So over the next year, I documented 40 of my other friends and trapped them in jars as well and created a piece known as Garden, which is literally a garden of humanity. 	1
36. The confusion created by the lack of a clear definition as to what constitutes the “sale” of a child has not helped the members of the Working Group on the Draft Optional Protocol to the Convention on the Rights of the Child in dealing with the sale of children, child prostitution and child pornography.	0
And if you punch the punch card clock a hundred times in one day, the piece goes black and is not to be reset until the next day. 	1
They include some degree of involuntariness on the part of the person being trafficked, either through the employment of deceit, coercion or actual force, abuse of authority, confiscation of travel documents, or debt bondage.	0
So how did his nose become his nose, his elbow his elbow, and why doesn't he get up one morning and have his nose turn into his foot? 	1
51. The “need” for children has put pressure on sending countries to respond quickly to the growing demand often without having the necessary infrastructure and mechanisms to proceed properly.	0
To begin with, I came to work with this virus that causes that ugly tumor in the chicken. 	1
These factors, no doubt, contribute to the problem, but all ethical, moral, political, economic and health reasons need to be analysed in order to gain a better understanding of how they affect the increase of sale and/or trafficking activities, particularly with regard to children.	0
What do they do in the beginning when they do? 	1
After crossing the border, the children are handed over to another person who poses as a brother, uncle, or friend.	0
And when we revert the cancer cell, it again does this. 	1
Thereafter, girls might be given to brothel owners, and both boys and girls are taken to work in factories.	0
Well, I definitely think these goals are worth building on and seeing through, and here's just a few reasons why. 	1
89. The Special Rapporteur would like to reiterate some pertinent previous recommendations:	0
But, of course, since then, the Web and mobile telephony, along with ubiquitous reality TV formats have spread all around the world. 	1
21. Based on relevant special studies, the expert group reviewed a number of specific methods that may be applicable for assessing the incidental impact of multilateral economic sanctions on non-target States, including (a) time series analysis of balance of payments changes; (b) stratified sample survey of firms or other affected entities; (c) gravity model of bilateral trade flows; (d) regression equation of income shocks; and (e) analytic hierarchy process for perception surveys.	0
Prince Charles has some similarities with Nicole Kidman. 	1
Typically, in assessing the overall welfare implications of sanctions, the main challenges to be addressed are: (a) how to separate the effects of sanctions from other factors causing economic hardship; (b) how to avoid double-counting of export, output and revenue losses; (c) how to net out redirected exports and the import component of lost production; and (d) how to estimate the incremental costs of acquiring the imports from other sources.	0
And here's some music translated into color. 	1
32. Basically, there are two major steps to be taken: the first step is to construct a hierarchy to synthesize the problems at hand; the second is to measure the priority ranking of each attribute in the hierarchy, by using a scaling range (e.g.. 1 to 9).	0
It's the bridge over the Drina River, the subject of a novel by Ivo Andrić, and it talks about how, in that very troubled part of Europe and the Balkans, over time there's been enormous building of walls. 	1
Although the International Monetary Fund (IMF) is well placed to provide financial assistance under its existing facilities to any member experiencing balance of payments difficulties, the World Bank and the regional development banks are well equipped to address, within the priorities of the investment programmes in the countries concerned, various sectoral and other development problems.	0
In follow-up, two customs corridors were established to accelerate the transit of goods through selected border-crossing points.17	0
On a typical cruise, they'll do 400,000 patient treatments. 	1
Obviously, such a list cannot be exhaustive and should be adjusted in each specific case, depending on the nature of sanctions, the structure and intensity of economic relations with the target country and other factors that may be particularly relevant (e.g., geography).	0
When he was fitted, over his extremely myopic eyes, he suddenly looked up and said, "Mama, veo el mundo." 	1
In turn, taking into account the concerns of States most likely to be seriously affected by such measures prior to their adoption would be an essential factor in ensuring the effectiveness of sanctions and minimizing collateral damage.	0
It shows role models to young men and women about fitness and about life that I would argue help create security for us. 	1
As for the implementation of paragraph 6 of the resolution, several organizations referred to their submissions for the preparation of the previous report of the Secretary-General on the subject (see A/52/308, sects. III and IV).	0
No one person, no one alliance, no one nation, no one of us is as smart as all of us thinking together. 	1
So what I'm going to do is randomly assign you to one of two groups. 	1
6. At its fifty-fourth session, the Commission on Human Rights took note with appreciation of the above-mentioned report of the Secretary-General and welcomed the steps taken by Governments and intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations to implement the Plan of Action, and to develop public information activities in the field of human rights.	0
Anyone in the audience want to take a stab? 	1
It encouraged Governments, as well as intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations, to undertake human rights education and information initiatives as a contribution to the commemoration of the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, and to continue that work, in accordance with the Plan of Action, for the duration of the Decade.	0
Right? So these have been calibrated to your level of expertise, because we want this to be difficult, and I'll tell you why, momentarily. 	1
In June 1998, notes verbales were addressed to all Governments, as were letters to non-governmental organizations, drawing their attention to General Assembly resolution 52/127 and soliciting information on their contribution to its implementation.	0
across a series of studies, is that you, the passengers, even though the tea was picked for you at random, will end up solving more puzzles than you, the drivers. 	1
Details of activities at the national, regional and global levels are provided in the report of the Secretary-General submitted to the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/92).	0
Application materials for the ACT project, as well as its description (in English, French and Spanish), can be requested from the Office.	0
And under what situations -- when -- would we see this pattern of results where the passenger is going to show better, more favorable outcomes, compared to the driver? 	1
As a contribution to furthering human rights education at the national level, one of the four discussion groups of the Seminar was devoted to the preparation of national plans of action for human rights education.	0
And this can happen in the medical domain, if you think about it, right? 	1
Main themes of focus are the legal protection of women migrant workers, women’s human rights, ethnic minorities and refugees, and the functioning of national institutions.	0
30. The International Federation of Associations of the Elderly will contribute to human rights awareness by commemorating the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration during its international meeting in October 1998 and by mobilizing its member organizations in this regard.	0
Matt Mills: Now, what's great about this is, there's no trickery here. 	1
The first expert meeting, held in October 1997, reviewed the draft handbook on conflict resolution.	0
If you have a good Wi-Fi connection or 3G, this process is very, very quick. 	1
64. An important teaching and educational tool is the established Professional Training Series, designed primarily to provide support to the training activities of the programme of technical cooperation in the field of human rights, as well as to assist other organizations involved in human rights education for professional groups.	0
67. The Human Rights Study Series reproduces studies and reports on important human rights issues, prepared by experts of the Commission on Human Rights and the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities.	0
So, what we call this is a silicon cottage industry. 	1
The Corner, which will stay in place during 1998, displays books, posters, cartoons, videos and messages on human rights issues by the Secretary-General and the High Commissioner.	0
91. In connection with International Women’s Day on 8 March 1998, the Office of the High Commissioner organized a round-table meeting which focused on violence against women and on the realization of economic, social and cultural rights.	0
So that was a very simple three-step screening process that could basically change the equation of how public health care works in so many different ways. 	1
On 26 March 1998, the Office organized a round-table meeting on the theme “Benchmarks for the realization of economic, social and cultural rights” as a contribution to efforts aimed at identifying such benchmarks and as a means of discussing strategies for monitoring the implementation of those rights.	0
We are going through some reference tests to compare it against professional equipment to see if there's a degree of change in efficacy and if it actually makes an impact in people's lives. But most importantly, what we are trying to do right now is we are trying to scale this up, because there are over 250,000 ASHA workers on the ground who are these amazing foot soldiers, and if we can 	1
The Department’s related activities are reported to the General Assembly on a regular basis and to other intergovernmental bodies under each specific area or issue.	0
I'm going to work on this one.  And I'm going to do this one." 	1
In addition, the Department reissues Geneva press releases on the Human Rights Committee, other treaty bodies and the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities in order to ensure wide dissemination.	0
And there's not just one of these, there's many of them. 	1
105. The Yearbook of the United Nations, published each year, devotes a separate three-chapter section to all aspects of human rights.	0
Now, the reason they used punch cards was that Jacquard, in France, had created the Jacquard loom, which was weaving these incredible patterns controlled by punch cards, so he was just repurposing the technology of the day, and like everything else he did, he's using the technology of his era, so 1830s, 1840s, 1850s, cogs, steam, mechanical devices. Ironically, born the same year as Charles Babbage was Michael Faraday, who would completely revolutionize everything 	1
Speakers included: Hillary Rodham Clinton, First Lady of the United States of America; Philip Alston, Chairman of the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights; the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Population Fund; Ambassador Kamalesh Sharma, Permanent Representative of India to the United Nations in New York; and Wole Soyinka, Nobel Prize Laureate for Literature.	0
The project has a number of parts to it. 	1
A collection of human rights lithographs presented to the Secretary-General by the King of Spain in 1984 travelled to four locations in Europe in 1998, with the design assistance and organizational support of the Department of Public Information.	0
Now, I'll just give you a little taste of what it looks like in motion with a video which shows just one part of the CPU mechanism working. 	1
Features speakers included the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, who presented the keynote address; the Deputy Secretary-General; the Special Adviser to the Secretary-General on Gender Issues and the Advancement of Women; Musimbi Kanyoro, General Secretary of the World Young Women’s Christian Association; and Patricia Flor, Chairperson of the Commission on the Status of Women.	0
Before the 2030s happen, we'll have it. 	1
The three-day event focused on the impact that the Declaration has had on societies around the world.	0
Would they surprise us? Would they intrigue us? 	1
A central focus of both workshops was how to teach human rights in the classroom.	0
And by doing so, we can differentiate the surfaces. 	1
Instead, I'm thinking about that cup of coffee I desperately need to wake me up. 	1
The Administration of Justice and Human Rights for East European Countries: Report of a United Nations Training Course (Moscow, 21–25 November 1988) (HR/PUB/89/2)	0
I first saw it when I was 19, and I immediately went out and got a poster of it, and in fact I still have that poster. 30 years later it's hanging in my house. 	1
The First Twenty Years: Progress Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Racial Discrimination (HR/PUB/91/4)	0
So I went to find out. I did some research and discovered, we have no idea who she is. 	1
Workshop on International Human Rights Instruments and Reporting Obligations: Preparation of Reports to United Nations Human Rights Treaty Bodies (Moscow, 26–30 August 1991) (HR/PUB/91/5)	0
In fact, we don't know who any of the models in any of Vermeer's paintings are, and we know very little about Vermeer himself. 	1
He's not quite a child, and he's not quite a man. 	1
I've written an entire novel about her, and I still don't know if she's happy or sad. 	1
Now this has been a huge problem for many years, basically since the late 1980s, when the varroa mite came and brought many different viruses, bacteria and fungal diseases with it. 	1
These are three hives on the rooftop of the Fairmont Copley Plaza Hotel, and they're beautiful here. I mean, we matched the new color of the inside of their rooms to do some type of a stained wood with blue for their sheets, and these bees are terrific, and they also will use herbs that are growing in the garden. 	1
The bees fly right into the outfield of Fenway Park. 	1
I want to make my friends understand: China is complicated. 	1
So even though China's is a totally censored Internet, but still, Chinese Internet society is really booming. 	1
That means keep the server in your hands. 	1
The first five days after the train crash, there were 10 million criticisms of the posting on social media, which never happened in Chinese history. 	1
So, the Chinese are very good at these puns and alternative wording and even memes. 	1
Not censoring in China has become a political tool. 	1
But also, it gave the Chinese a national public sphere for people to, it's like a training of their citizenship, preparing for future democracy. 	1
19 United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 1063, p.265.	0
But it didn't change the Chinese political system, and also the Chinese central government utilized this centralized server structure to strengthen its power to counter the local government and the different factions. 	1
It has always been of the view that the subject warranted special attention, particularly as any country or people, regardless of political creed or geographical location, is a potential victim of terrorist activities.	0
 Tom Hanks: Hello, Houston, this is Odyssey. 	1
3. Two important peacekeeping missions have been carried out in Central America under the authority of the Security Council: the United Nations Observer Group in Central America (ONUCA) (November 1989–January 1992) and the United Nations Observer Mission in El Salvador (ONUSAL) (July 1991–April 1995).	0
Jim went three miles went down, and I went about three miles away from the studio and photographed this in a garage. 	1
the very last moment of the shot is actually the steadycam shot. Everything else was shot on cranes and various things like that, and it literally was done over five different sets, two different boys, different times, and it all had to feel like it was all one shot, and what was sort of great for me was it was probably the best-reviewed shot I've ever worked on, and, you know, I was kind of proud of it when I was done, 	1
Other reform proposals were aimed at streamlining the Central American Parliament (PARLACEN), the Central American Court of Justice and the Central American Integration System (SICA) and at establishing a regional mechanism to coordinate international cooperation.	0
which is, you should never really be proud of stuff, I guess. 	1
The Group was dissolved following the conclusion of the second consecutive transfer of power to a democratically elected Government in January 1997.	0
Just now I was functioning in the role of the interpreter, and there I am, interpreter. 	1
Three major topics were discussed, namely, cooperation, trade and investment.	0
In fact, I think it's not better than it. The thing is --  -- it's more interesting to me. It's less boring for me. 	1
During its latest summit, held at Caracas in June 1998, OAS renewed its mandate to strengthen Latin American democracies, provide human rights protection, mine clearance and electoral assistance.	0
most of the week, except, as you can see in these pictures, on Fridays, from noon til one, and only during that time, various performers came and interpreted these strange and undefined pictographic glyphs.  Now this was a really exciting experience for me. 	1
In the socio-economic area, I indicated that there were a number of the peace accords on which implementation had yet to be completed.	0
Let's watch a little bit of this, and please notice the instrumentation. 	1
28. The United Nations remains committed to the consolidation of the peace-building process in El Salvador.	0
The strengthening of democratic institutions is assisted through various projects, specifically in the areas of judicial reform (creation of public defender systems in El Salvador and Guatemala) public security, offices of the human rights ombudsmen, fiscal reform and the process of decentralization.	0
Avoid it. Avoid it. Whoom. Kick it out of the way. 	1
These States were: Australia, 4 June 1998; Canada, 3 November 1997; Chile, 8 May 1998; France, 8 August 1997; Mongolia, 19 December 1997; the Netherlands, 10 December 1997; Portugal, 29 June 1998; and Switzerland, 2 December 1997.	0
I now decide where I'm going to be in that space, so I'm down on this small part of the bottom rib of the letter "E," and I'm thinking about it, and I'm imagining this space that's really high and above. If I asked you to reach out — you don't have to literally do it, but in mind — reach out to the top of the "E," where would you reach? 	1
13. At its seventeenth session, the Committee invited the Secretariat to advise States parties whose reports are overdue that advice on receiving assistance from the United Nations system in this regard may be obtained from the Division for the Advancement of Women.	0
The one you made.   Well done. Okay, good. Super. So --  So --  Thank you.  So -- three versions.  Oh.   Three versions of physical thinking, yeah? 	1
The first stage would consist of a general discussion and exchange of views on the subject of the proposed general recommendation during an open meeting of the Committee.	0
But I'm the oldest sixth grader you'll ever meet, so I get up every day with this tremendous amount of enthusiasm that I'm hoping to share with you all today. 	1
This draft would be discussed at the next session by working group II, which could invite resource persons and non-governmental organizations to take part in discussions incorporated into a revised draft, which would be distributed to all experts before the next session.	0
26. At its sixteenth session, in January 1997, the Committee had before it a report on reservations to the Convention prepared by the Division for the Advancement of Women (CEDAW/C/1997/4).	0
And you see how attentive these kids are to these seeds. 	1
And then when Rockefeller Center said, NBC, could you put this thing up on the walls? We were delighted. 	1
They introduced me to the New York City Strategic Alliance for Health, again, free resources, don't waste them. 	1
And thank God Trinity Wall Street noticed, because they gave us the birth of Green Bronx Machine. 	1
Nothing thrills me more than to see kids pollinating plants instead of each other. 	1
They are now, my first cohort is all in college, earning a living wage. 	1
We are growing our way into a new economy. 	1
What might not be quite as obvious to people is that during that same period the cost of higher education tuition has been increasing at almost twice the rate, for a total of 559 percent since 1985. 	1
So to understand this, let's look at one of those classes, the Machine Learning class offered by my colleague and cofounder Andrew Ng. 	1
So we now have the largest peer-grading pipeline ever devised, where tens of thousands of students are grading each other's work, and quite successfully, I have to say. 	1
Different ways of looking at her models, at her statistics, different ways of crunching the data in order to disprove her. 	1
He saw his job as creating conflict around her theories. 	1
The Government of Denmark recommends that the Government of Lebanon reconsider their reservations to [the said Convention].”	0
In surveys of European and American executives, fully 85 percent of them acknowledged that they had issues or concerns at work that they were afraid to raise. 	1
For this reason, the Government of Denmark objects to the said reservations made by the Government of Lebanon.	0
And when he dared to speak, he discovered much more inside himself and much more give in the system than he had ever imagined. 	1
Communication received from the Government of Sweden	0
The Secretary-General received from the Government of Sweden the following communication with regard to reservations made by Singapore:	0
The Convention will thus become operative between the two States without Singapore benefiting from these reservations.	0
But when we dare to break that silence, or when we dare to see, and we create conflict, we enable ourselves and the people around us to do our very best thinking. 	1
to this notion that we build on the work of others. 	1
He said, "Good artists copy. Great artists steal." 	1
We have no such aversion towards copying what other people have, because we do that nonstop. 	1
So I decided to look for a thousand different noes. 	1
It's a market town in the north of England, 15,000 people, between Leeds and Manchester, fairly normal market town. 	1
It used to look like this, and now it's more like this, with fruit and veg and herbs sprouting up all over the place. 	1
We tried to answer this simple question: Can you find a unifying language that cuts across age and income and culture that will help people themselves find a new way of living, see spaces around them differently, think about the resources they use differently, interact differently? 	1
And it's been the same in every single room, in every town that we've ever told our story. 	1
People are ready and respond to the story of food. 	1
In half a century of trying to help prevent wars, there's one question that never leaves me: How do we deal with extreme violence without using force in return? 	1
And I said, "Kids are getting killed there. 	1
And what I need to develop is self-knowledge to do that. 	1
She was leading a group of students on a protest in the streets of Rangoon. 	1
A number of States enter reservations to particular articles on the ground that national law, tradition, religion or culture is not congruent with Convention principles, and purport to justify the reservation on that basis.	0
So Peace Direct gets behind them to do that. 	1
(b) To adopt appropriate legislative and other measures, including sanctions where appropriate, prohibiting all discrimination against women;	0
In spite of these recommendations, to date few reservations to article 2 have been modified or withdrawn by any State party.	0
We're using the kind of skills that I've outlined: inner power -- the development of inner power -- through self-knowledge, recognizing and working with our fear, using anger as a fuel, cooperating with others, banding together with others, courage, and most importantly, commitment to active non-violence. 	1
And I see that we, ordinary people, can do what Aung San Suu Kyi and Ghandi and Mandela did. 	1
17. The Committee considers that those States parties which have entered reservations to the Convention have certain options open to them.	0
And he said, "Yes, we can prove it to you." 	1
(c) “Regularize” its situation by replacing its impermissible reservation with a permissible reservation;	0
And I was in prison awaiting trial, and my cellmate said to me, 'You know what you have to do? 	1
2. Conscious efforts by these countries to improve the productivity of their commodity production and to identify and exploit the emerging opportunities, particularly in non-traditional areas, are a prerequisite for many of them to escape from further marginalization.	0
And I'd just seen a film called 'Crash,' in which people get sexual pleasure from crashing cars into walls. 	1
An export drive on the part of the Asian countries can also be expected.	0
The importance of this market can be gauged by the fact that the combined GDP of the developing countries in the region amounted to about one third of that of the United States of America or Western Europe.	0
Many investment projects, which have been funded by dollar loans, have lost half of their value and may face serious cash flow problems.	0
I emailed "Chainsaw Al" Dunlap, the asset stripper from the 1990s. 	1
I said, "What are you going to do now?" 	1
I get a call from Caitria, hear the news, and start tracking the radar online to call the family back when another supercell was forming in their area. 	1
Prospects are for continued oversupply, which in mid-1997 already had almost prompted support buying on the part of the International Natural Rubber Organization (INRO).	0
As we watched, they became frustrated and left to go find somebody to help on their own. 	1
In addition, El Niño may reduce East Asian rubber production, at least in the short term.	0
We found Pastor Bob and offered to give the response some infrastructure. 	1
23. With few exceptions, prices of base metals experienced continued weakness during recent months.	0
 MO: Insurance won't cover it? CO: Juice boxes coming in an hour? 	1
Indeed, copper exports accounted for relatively large shares in total earnings of many of those countries, including Chile, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Papua New Guinea, Peru and Zambia (see table 2).	0
 CO: And then the rest of the community figured out that we had answers. 	1
Crude oil stocks have been rising following a warmer than average winter, and the globally weak demand has been compounded by the slowing of demand growth in the countries adversely affected by the East Asian crisis.	0
You build both gradually, until a moment of peak mobilization at the time of the election. 	1
This concern is particularly important for the least developed countries because of their low level of industrialization and their high degree of export concentration in a few commodities.	0
We're working on getting the software to places so people expect it, so people know how to use it and so it can be filled ahead of time with that micro-information that drives recovery. 	1
34. Diversification has been the main conventional remedy for commodity-dependent economies.	0
I want to talk to you today about something the open-source programming world can teach democracy, but before that, a little preamble. 	1
37. Beyond the role of individual firms, globalization has re-emphasized and modified the role of the global marketing chains that have characterized the commodity economy for many decades.	0
This is something we've faced several times over the last few centuries. 	1
Such clusters have some success in such countries as Brazil, but they have not developed sufficiently in many other commodity dependent countries.	0
That's what happens when the media's space expands. 	1
49. An interesting example of such interactive private-public modalities are the generic marketing drives undertaken by governments and sectoral associations in Colombia to market coffee or in Thailand to promote silk.	0
Now, that's fine for the commercial software industry. 	1
Recommendations for the international community	0
You can go and pick your Senator and then you can see a list of bills they have sponsored. 	1
This is the opening of a beautiful novel by Jose Saramago called "Seeing." 	1
14. At its 410th meeting, on 2 September 1998, the Committee reviewed the report of the Secretary-General on meeting statistics of United Nations organs that had met in 1997 (A/AC.172/1998/3).	0
And it was the birth of the global world. 	1
30. In view of the importance of meetings of regional and other major groupings of Member States for the smooth functioning of sessional bodies, and in view of the increased requests for meetings of regional and other major groupings, the Committee welcomed the fact that 81 per cent of the requests for such meetings had been met during the period from end-June 1997 to end-June 1998, which represented a marked increase of 13 per cent against the past reporting year (end-June 1996 to end-June 1997).	0
When the Soviet Union was still there, the rich and the powerful, they needed the people, because they feared them. 	1
47. The view was expressed that the problem of vacant conference servicing posts at Nairobi might be alleviated by the introduction of a managed assignment system that would provide non-pecuniary incentives for staff rotated to Nairobi from other duty stations.	0
For example, can you imagine that decent, civic, talented people are going to run for office if they really do believe that politics is also about managing mistrust? 	1
49. The Committee noted with appreciation the efforts by the Secretariat to improve utilization of the conference facilities at the United Nations Office at Nairobi, in particular with regard to the pilot project to provide remote interpretation from the United Nations Office at Vienna.	0
And the Americans who are in the room, are you not afraid that your presidents are going to govern on the basis of what they said in the primary elections? 	1
At its 412th meeting, on 4 September 1998, the representative of the Secretariat presented an oral report on the matter.	0
He said, "Listen, this is the best way to keep the mouths of my ministers closed. 	1
So in the world of product design, the beautiful baby's like the concept car. 	1
The General Assembly, in paragraph 23 of section B of its resolution 52/214 of 22 December 1997, requested the Committee on Conferences to review the late issuance of documents and to suggest remedial action for consideration by the Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
So this seemed like a problem that we could do something about. 	1
The Secretariat stated that although document processing capacity was adequate over the year, it was liable to be exceeded by peaks in submission.	0
It was noted that publications policy and its implementation were the responsibility of a number of entities besides conference services.	0
Here's what it looks like under actual use. 	1
The Committee noted with appreciation the efforts made by the Secretariat to address the concerns expressed by delegations on translation-related matters, including through continuous training for staff and the introduction of new technology, and encouraged the Secretariat to continue its efforts to improve quality and proficiency in all six translation services.	0
129. The Committee took note of the report contained in documents A/53/122 and Add.1.	0
That's why we have lights above and below the baby in Firefly, so if Mom does put a blanket over the baby, it's still receiving effective phototherapy from below. 	1
The Committee took the decision to defer the matter to its organizational session for 1999.	0
Lone Twin had come to Minto and worked with the residents, and they had created these dances. 	1
LIFT has always been a pioneer in the use of venues. 	1
The actors were right there in front of us, right there among the commuters, and we could hear them, but we might not have otherwise seen them. 	1
55. Executive Board of UNDP and UNFPA, second regular session [General Assembly resolutions 2029 (XX) and 48/162]	0
Once, when Min's older sister's friend got married, she brought a handbag along as a wedding present. 	1
Six skilled leatherworkers crafted 12 Signature handbags with perfect proportions and a timeless flair. 	1
Later, she married a fellow migrant worker, moved with him to his village, gave birth to two daughters, and saved enough money to buy a secondhand Buick for herself and an apartment for her parents. 	1
62. Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, twentieth session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 1982/33, 1985/17 and 1995/39]	0
Instead, I found young women who were smart and funny and brave and generous. 	1
67. Preparatory Committee of the Special Conference of States Parties to the Biological Weapons Convention in connection with a protocol on verification measures, first session [Final declaration of the Special Conference of the States Parties]	0
CA: One minute.  LC: You know, what really impressed me about the workers is how much they're self-motivated, self-driven, resourceful, and the thing that struck me, what they want most is education, to learn, because most of them come from very poor backgrounds. 	1
68. Board of Trustees of the United Nations Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations [General Assembly resolution 40/131]	0
So, if you really want to help these workers, start these small, very focused, very pragmatic classes in these schools, and what's going to happen is, all your workers are going to move on, but hopefully they'll move on into higher jobs within Apple, and you can help their social mobility and their self-improvement. 	1
It's just hard to see when you're suddenly sucked into the city. It looks like everyone's poor and desperate, but that's not really how it is. 	1
96. UNCTAD – Meeting of Experts within the framework of the Commission on Trade in Goods and Services, and Commodities [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]	0
So Procter &amp; Gamble says, "We don't care whether a store is incorporated or registered or anything like that. 	1
I just want to end by saying that if Adam Smith had framed out a theory of the flea market instead of the free market, what would be some of the principles? 	1
Cooperative development is a way forward. 	1
When you put it all together, it's quite a computational challenge: 3,500 victims, 1,800 adjacency requests, the importance of the overall physical specifications and the final aesthetics. 	1
153. UNCTAD – Commission on Investment, Technology and Related Financial Issues, fourth session [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]	0
For example, terrorism. Terrorists are always adapting in minor and major ways to new circumstances, and despite what you might see on TV, these adaptations, and the detection of them, are fundamentally human. 	1
154. Commission on Human Rights – Working Group on Arbitrary Detention, twenty-fifth session [Economic and Social Council decision 1997/260]	0
Computers don't detect novel patterns and new behaviors, but humans do. Humans, using technology, testing hypotheses, searching for insight by asking machines to do things for them. 	1
159. Special Conference of States Parties to the Biological Weapons Convention in connection with a protocol on verification measures [Final declaration of the Special Conference of the States Parties]	0
In October, 2007, U.S. and coalition forces raided an al Qaeda safe house in the city of Sinjar on the Syrian border of Iraq. 	1
It became quickly apparent to me that I couldn't follow the sorts of mental health care models that I had been trained in, one that relied heavily on specialized, expensive mental health professionals to provide mental health care in countries like India and Zimbabwe. 	1
199. UNCITRAL – Working Group on Insolvency Law, twenty-third session [General Assembly resolution	0
204. UNCTAD – Consultations of the Secretary-General and of the President of the Trade and Development Board [Trade and Development Board decision at its thirteenth executive session (8 July 1996) and General Assembly resolution 51/167]	0
It empowers ordinary people to be more effective in caring for the health of others in their community, and in doing so, to become better guardians of their own health. Indeed, for me, task shifting is the ultimate example of the democratization of medical knowledge, and therefore, medical power. 	1
Well, I think all of you can guess that 12 years on, we're still nowhere near that goal. 	1
Scientists have been studying in recent years the phenomenon that they often describe as flow, that the design of our systems, whether natural or social, channel the flow of whatever runs through them. 	1
250. Consultative Committee on the United Nations Development Fund for Women, thirty-ninth session [General Assembly resolutions 31/133 and 39/125]	0
But social media do teach us something. 	1
40. ICAO – Committee, one hundred and fifty-eighth session	0
You had rail networks that connected residential, industrial, commercial areas. You had auto networks. 	1
In China alone, 300 million people, some say 400 million people, will move to the city over the next 15 years. 	1
And we should all care about this whether you live in cities or not. 	1
52. IAEA –Technical Assistance and Cooperation Committee	0
The office building is basically obsolete for doing private work. 	1
I went back a couple of weekends ago, took this photograph of these fabulous new bike lanes that they have installed. 	1
You add shared use, and you can even go further. 	1
In this case, a project we're doing with Siemens. 	1
The Government of the Republic of Bolivia has not adopted any laws or measures of the kind referred to in the resolution.	0
It's a global imperative. We have to get this right. 	1
2. In accordance with resolutions 47/19, 48/16, 49/9, 50/10, 51/17 and 52/10, Brazil did not promulgate or apply any law, regulation or measure the extraterritorial effects of which could affect the sovereignty of other States, the legitimate interests of entities or persons under their jurisdiction, or the freedom of trade and navigation.	0
The police, investigating officers, were amazingly efficient. 	1
The Government of Cape Verde has not taken any measure counter to General Assembly resolution 52/10.	0
Straightforward, fair trial, full investigation. 	1
It happens to us in all the aspects of our life, all the time. 	1
A number of companies were unable to do business with Cuba because their products had been made in the United States or contained components from that country.	0
So these are some of the pictures that, in fact, I used when I testified, but more importantly were, to me as a scientist, are those readings, the photometer readings, which I can then convert into actual predictions of the visual capability of the human eye under those circumstances, and from my readings that I recorded at the scene under the same solar and lunar conditions at the same time, so on and so forth, right, 	1
They have included the freezing of Libyan assets in American banks, the imposition of restrictions on the transfer of technology to Libya, and a prohibition on Libyan students pursuing advanced studies in technology at American universities.	0
And what about, just, the whole economic structure? 	1
Article 1 of this Act prohibits natural and legal persons, whether public or private, residing in the territory or subject to the laws of Mexico, from committing acts which affect trade or investment where such acts result from the extraterritorial effects of foreign laws.	0
2. The position of the Government of Peru on this matter is based on the joint measures adopted by the Permanent Mechanism for Consultation and Concerted Political Action (Rio Group); on the Ibero-American Summits; on the Declaration on Respect for the Personality, Sovereignty and Independence of States adopted by the General Assembly of the Organization of American States on 2 June 1997; and on resolution CJI/RES/II-14/96, adopted unanimously by the Inter-American Juridical Committee, issued pursuant to resolution AG/RES.1364 (XXVI-0/96) of the General Assembly of the Organization of American States.	0
Poland is of the view that Cuban debt to Poland does not constitute an obstacle to the development of bilateral economic relations.	0
You can't imagine other businesses that you would think of going into that have these kind of numbers. 	1
It also urges States to take the necessary steps, as soon as possible, to end the economic, commercial and financial embargo that has been maintained against Cuba for more than 30 years.	0
We know from the sequencing of the human genome that it's shown us all of the A's, C's, G's and T's but that code, by itself, our DNA, is like looking at the ones and zeroes of the computer code without having a computer that can read it. 	1
4. The United Nations should take concrete measures and initiatives to ensure that the General Assembly resolutions are implemented quickly, in order to put an early end to the unilateral embargo policies against the Republic of Cuba.	0
The arrows indicate peak gray matter volume in prefrontal cortex. You can see that that peak happens a couple of years later in boys relative to girls, and that's probably because boys go through puberty a couple of years later than girls on average, and then during adolescence, there's a significant decline in gray matter volume in prefrontal cortex. 	1
And yet, this is a period of life where the brain is particularly adaptable and malleable. 	1
This is a 32-million-pound flagship academy school which was built quite recently in the U.K. and designed by one of Britain's top architects. 	1
 This study in Germany found the average noise level in classrooms is 65 decibels. 	1
I have to really raise my voice to talk over 65 decibels of sound, and teachers are not just raising their voices. 	1
We're at last starting to debate this issue, and the benefits that are available for designing for the ears in education, unbelievable. 	1
I don't know of one in the world, and the opportunity is there to transform our experience in our cities. 	1
Occasionally ethnic factors are replaced by political ones.	0
So I want you to imagine that these nine biscuits that I found in the bin represent the global food supply, okay? We start out with nine. 	1
In the RS, extreme ideologies of ethnic separation and supremacy are giving way to more pragmatic policies, based largely on the desire to obtain desperately needed economic assistance through cooperation with the international community.	0
This is what most of us think of when we think of food waste, what ends up in the garbage, what ends up in supermarket bins, what ends up in restaurant bins. We've lost another two, and we've left ourselves with just four biscuits to feed on. 	1
As of August 1998, few claims had been decided despite the fact that thousands of decisions were due.	0
In our homes, we've lost touch with food. 	1
Although specific cases of discrimination are often resolved after the intervention of international agencies, problems continue to be reported from throughout the region.	0
Feeding the 5,000 is an event I first organized in 2009. 	1
The Commission on Human Rights for Bosnia and Herzegovina, created by annex 6 of the Agreement, consists of the Human Rights Chamber and the Human Rights Ombudsperson.	0
And I get on the car, and I look, and I notice this couple, college-aged, student-looking kids, a guy and a girl, and they're sitting next to each other, and she's got her leg draped over his knee, and they're doing -- they have this little contraption, and they're tying these knots, and they're doing it with one hand, they're doing it left-handed and right-handed very quickly, and then she'll hand the thing to him and he'll do it. 	1
The decisions required respondent Parties to take specific actions in cases with such human rights issues as the death penalty, right to property, standards of arrest and detention, and enforcement of judicial decisions.	0
And at the next stop, a guy gets on the car, and he has this sort of visiting professor look to him. 	1
As of 31 July 1998, the Ombudsperson had registered 2,480 cases, published 35 final reports dealing with 154 individual cases and issued 13 special reports on more general human rights issues. Seventy-three cases were referred to the Chamber.	0
and instantly, he starts tying these knots, and even better than they were doing it, remarkably. 	1
And at that moment, when I heard that, I just got catapulted out of the subway car into a night when I had been getting a ride in an ambulance from the sidewalk where I had been stabbed to the trauma room of St. Vincent's Hospital in Manhattan, and what had happened was a gang had come in from Brooklyn. 	1
Hence, the process of exhumation and identification will be the only way of resolving the cases of the missing.	0
It's like I gave you a new car and you're complaining about not finding parking. 	1
Information received during this visit has been supplemented by the Zagreb and Vukovar offices of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights.	0
46. Membership in the Council of Europe and the goal of joining the European Union has had a positive influence on the Croatian Government and on the attitudes of many opinion leaders in the country.	0
But remarkably, the UN Environmental Programme has estimated the wealth of the country to be over 24 trillion dollars. 	1
47. The question of return, including the conditions to which people are returning, was the main subject of the Special Rapporteur’s discussions with Croatian Government ministers and officials.	0
We only know so much about the situation in the Congo and in the mines because of the kind of communication the mobile phone allows. 	1
In Western Slavonia, the Special Rapporteur met people who had returned to reconstructed houses around which a small area of ground had been cleared of mines.	0
We demand fair-trade food and fair-trade clothes. 	1
Goran Vusurovic’s new trial began in December 1997, but was then adjourned until June 1998.	0
It's a vibrant, global community of hackerspaces, and this is just the beginning. 	1
According to a non-governmental organization, the majority of people in the Balkans rely on national television networks, “so whoever holds the TV also holds power”.	0
The spirit of these labs, it's open, it's positive, but, you know, sometimes when people think of us, the first thing that comes to mind is bio-safety, bio-security, all the dark side stuff. 	1
Globus, Feral Tribune and Nacional, three independent weeklies, have been especially heavily targeted.	0
Any powerful technology is inherently dual use, and, you know, you get something like synthetic biology, nanobiotechnology, it really compels you, you have to look at both the amateur groups but also the professional groups, because they have better infrastructure, they have better facilities, and they have access to pathogens. 	1
And sometimes people ask me, "Well, what about an accident?" 	1
Reportedly, there is agreement between the two Commissions that exhumations of these bodies will take place for purposes of identification.	0
In his view, the hatred that is presently felt could be overcome by creating economic prospects so that people concentrate on the future rather than the past.	0
Six days after sentencing, Rukiqi was taken to hospital suffering from kidney injuries allegedly inflicted in the Pristina prison.	0
So, for example, we smile when we feel happy, but also, when we're forced to smile by holding a pen in our teeth like this, it makes us feel happy. 	1
97. In all the countries of the Special Rapporteur’s mandate, the human rights situation remains deeply affected by the failure to observe and implement basic democratic principles.	0
So this is what we find. Risk tolerance, which is the gambling, we find that when you are in the high-power pose condition, 86 percent of you will gamble. 	1
Minorities are especially prevented from returning to the centres of the cities.	0
So we bring people into a lab, and they do either high- or low-power poses again, they go through a very stressful job interview. 	1
In July 1998, a large Orthodox cross was destroyed by an explosion during celebrations of a Croatian football victory at Beli Monastir, Croatia.	0
You're going to stay, and this is what you're going to do. 	1
UNMIBH has stated that recruitment and return of minority police will be one of its primary goals for 1998 and 1999.	0
So I want to ask you first, you know, both to try power posing, and also I want to ask you to share the science, because this is simple. 	1
Proceedings in the main trial were also fundamentally flawed, with the court summarily rejecting 30 defence witnesses, also a violation of the European Convention.	0
They need their bodies, privacy and two minutes, and it can significantly change the outcomes of their life. 	1
In the election for the Serb member of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Presidency, Sloga candidate Zivko Radisic defeated the incumbent, Momcilo Krajisnik.	0
I remember quite vividly my father telling me that when everyone in the neighborhood will have a TV set, then we'll buy a normal F.M. radio.  And that's me, I was going to say holding my first abacus, but actually holding what my father would consider an ample substitute to an iPad.  So one thing that I took from home is this notion that educators don't necessarily have to teach. 	1
The composition of a new RS government will have an influence on the ability of Mr. Poplasen to carry out his own agenda.	0
26. The new Criminal Code, which came into force in 1998, contains provisions that seem inadequate to protect certain rights of women.	0
"I did the coursework because understanding computers is important to me, just like literacy and numeracy, and I made it through. I never worked harder on anything, never been challenged to this degree. 	1
35. The Special Rapporteur remains concerned about the fate of the Serb, Kosovo Albanian and Roma civilians and Serbian police officers abducted by armed Kosovo Albanians, believed to be the KLA, and has appealed directly for their release.	0
The driving force behind this project is my colleague Shmulik London, and, you see, just like Salman did about 90 years ago, the trick is to surround yourself with brilliant people, because at the end, it's all about people. 	1
The Special Rapporteur believes that an important step towards rebuilding confidence in Sandzak would be for the Serbian and Yugoslav authorities to investigate the atrocities that took place in the region during the war years 1992–1994.	0
And I was influenced by performance art -- so this is 20 years ago. I made a computer out of people. 	1
In the immediate wake of this decision, government officials explained to the Special Rapporteur that resources were exhausted and that a continued influx could pose a threat to the internal security of the Republic.	0
it made me wonder about computers and technology in general. 	1
On 23 October, the Belgrade court of petty offences found the owner and the editor-in-chief of the weekly publication Evropljanin guilty of having published material aimed at “destruction of the constitutional order” and fined the publication roughly US$ 230,000.	0
And then after a few years, we got CD-quality sound. 	1
Strong support has also been expressed for the establishment of a close network, linking the Centre with its interlocutors within the region, as a way of exchanging data and information related to disarmament and security.	0
It also held a discussion on the United Nations in the twenty-first century.	0
In response, UNHCR has entered into discussions with the International Save the Children Alliance (ISCA) about joint regional initiatives in the Horn of Africa and West Africa, with the objective of improving regional capacities to protect and care for children and adolescents, particularly unaccompanied minors, war-affected children and adolescents and those with particular educational needs.	0
It's only a matter of time before we'll be able to perform a Facebook- or Google-like search and see a complete picture of someone's behaviors in different contexts over time. 	1
Similar demographics and numbers apply to population groups who are internally displaced.	0
In the 21st century, new trust networks, and the reputation capital they generate, will reinvent the way we think about wealth, markets, power and personal identity, in ways we can't yet even imagine. 	1
The productivity of translation staff in respect of the total of 9 million words translated between 1994 and 1998 is significantly higher than the required Untied Nations rate.	0
Why is that? You know, because you're pissed off. 	1
A text of the note to be given to the parties appears in the annex to the present report.	0
It has also tried to cope with the increased workload by taking every opportunity to improve its efficiency.	0
And then other people will say, "No, actually, the big stories, the big developments are the founding of the world's major religions, which have changed civilizations and have changed and influenced how countless people are living their lives." 	1
The steam engine and the other associated technologies of the Industrial Revolution changed the world and influenced human history so much, that in the words of the historian Ian Morris, "... they made mockery out of all that had come before." 	1
43. There is a minimum that the Court requires in order to make its full contribution to conflict prevention and dispute settlement, one of the major tasks of our times.	0
Now, what we're in the middle of now is overcoming the limitations of our individual brains and infinitely multiplying our mental power. 	1
 We'd take them out of elite institutions, we'd put them into other elite institutions and we'd wait for the innovation. 	1
The Court, for its part, would see nothing but advantages if, in these cases, the parties agreed, in accordance with Article 46, paragraph 2, of the Rules of Court, to file their pleadings alternately.	0
And when you write for the Quarterly Journal of Economics, you have to use very dry and very circumspect language. 	1
It strongly urges parties to append to their pleadings only strictly selected documents.	0
And the lives of both the buyers and the sellers in these villages measurably improved." 	1
The following observations are submitted in response to that invitation.	0
So in March, 2012, just one month ago, some researchers reported in the journal Nature how they had tried to replicate 53 different basic science studies looking at potential treatment targets in cancer, and out of those 53 studies, they were only able to successfully replicate six. 	1
2. In this exercise, Mexico shares the belief that it is very important to provide the Court with the necessary tools to deal with the growing volume of cases.	0
And their first recommendation of how to fix this problem, because it is a problem, because it sends us all down blind alleys, their first recommendation of how to fix this problem is to make it easier to publish negative results in science, and to change the incentives so that scientists are encouraged to post more of their negative results in public. 	1
And then they went to see if these trials had been published in the peer-reviewed academic literature. And this is what they found. 	1
This note sets out options for legislative action, including an amendment to staff regulation 4.4.	0
It was pretty much a 50-50 split. Half of these trials were positive, half of them were negative, in reality. 	1
The only remaining criterion is the series of the Staff Rules under which staff are appointed.	0
Was the Internet actually a place that you could visit? 	1
Should this option be selected, the General Assembly may wish to consider the suggested amendment to staff regulation 4.4 set out under option B in annex II to the present report.	0
where more networks of the Internet connect to each other than anywhere else. 	1
Summary of United Nations Administrative Tribunal judgement No. 852, Balogun (1997)	0
And that connection is an unequivocally physical process. 	1
If so, other candidates shall be allowed to apply, under conditions to be defined by the Secretary-General, when no internal candidate meets the requirements of Article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter as well as the requirements of the post.	0
They looked for the unwired places, and that's meant North and South, primarily these cables to Africa. 	1
leveraged into this 9,000-mile path of light. 	1
In a concerted effort, relevant agencies will also pursue vigorously the reintegration processes they initiated in the countries of origin.	0
Suddenly, what we're finding with these concerts, away from the stage, away from the footlights, out of the tuxedo tails, the musicians become the conduit for delivering the tremendous therapeutic benefits of music on the brain to an audience that would never have access to this room, would never have access to the kind of music that we make. 	1
I'd like to end with a quote by John Keats, the Romantic English poet, a very famous quote that I'm sure all of you know. 	1
It was also recognized that positive State practice is, in many respects, a sine qua non for consistent international backing for refugee protection, while for its part UNHCR would make renewed efforts to meet its statutory responsibilities.	0
About 36 per cent of the food will be used for care and maintenance of refugees, 28 per cent to assist displaced and local affected people, 27 per cent for rehabilitation activities, 6 per cent to support nutritional programmes and 3 per cent for returnee/resettlement programmes.	0
And in this extraordinary setting, the costumes were like actors and actresses, or living sculptures. 	1
More than 130,000 refugees repatriated to Mali with the assistance of the international community.	0
Returnees have been actively participating in resettlement and rehabilitation activities, together with local populations.	0
It's in our galleries that we can unpack the civilizations, the cultures, that we're seeing the current manifestation of. 	1
UNHCR received earmarked funds in July 1998 to finance its participation in the joint UNHCR/UNICEF Liberia Children’s Initiative for the reintegration of refugee and internally displaced Liberian children.	0
Others are very uneasy. It's an intimidating place. 	1
Until such time, the return of urban refugees from Conakry and some other cities in the subregion to Freetown is being facilitated.	0
It's got to be stretching. How am I going to make — ?" 	1
57. Bilateral agreements have been signed with the World Bank and UNHCR to collaborate with and complement each other in rehabilitation, reconstruction and reintegration efforts in the countries that are emerging from post-conflict situations.	0
By April 1998, more than 18,000 of these children had been reunited with their families, while roughly 6,000 remain in 48 institutions across the country of origin awaiting reunions.	0
One, you're doing something that you should follow a procedure to, and it's a very difficult thing, you're sloppy, you get it wrong. How should you be treated? You should probably be fired. 	1
The meeting produced an inter-agency action plan addressing issues of prevention of separation, inter-agency collaboration, and fostering reunification and reintegration.	0
So what I want to leave you, then, is with the explanation of why I actually traveled 60,000 miles from my desk. 	1
As requested through a resolution adopted by the 1997 OAU Council of Ministers and Heads of State and Government summit sessions at Harare, UNHCR collaborated and will continue to cooperate with OAU in the preparations for the OAU Commission on Refugees’ ministerial meeting on refugees and displaced persons in Africa, scheduled to be held in Khartoum in December 1998.	0
To understand the world that live in, we tell stories. 	1
UNHCR will continue to collaborate with OAU to facilitate a structured and systematic approach to streamlining information-gathering and reporting and analysing conflicts.	0
I want to give you a demo of a prototype that we're working on that we'll launch later this fall. 	1
3. Intergovernmental Authority on Development	0
You can add pop-ups with live links and custom icons, or pull in content from any web service, like Flickr, or add articles and blog posts with links out to the full content. 	1
The working group, UNHCR, the SADC secretariat and a consultant met in May and June 1998 to draft an initial declaration on refugees.	0
Now here are live images being pulled straight from the feed. 	1
Despite an increase in population from 2.9 billion people in 1970 to 5.8 billion in 1996, per capita income growth in developing countries has averaged 1.3 per cent a year, according to the World Bank’s 1998 World Development Indicators.	0
Until the financial crisis in East Asia, the proportion of people living in poverty was declining in Asia, where most of the poor live.	0
Now the very key to the success of this map is in the omission of less important information and in the extreme simplification. 	1
More than 500 million people remain in poverty in South Asia.	0
Perceptions of the scope of education also are changing as societies realize the importance of life-long learning, that education does not end with childhood and youth.	0
And like a pearl necklace, all the stations and stops are nicely and neatly aligned along the line. 	1
13. According to the World Health Report 1998, at least 120 countries (total population above 5 billion) currently have a life expectancy at birth of more than 60 years.	0
And I built this city center bus map of the system, how it was five years ago. 	1
This year, 21 million deaths – 2 out of every 5 worldwide – will be among the under-50s, including 10 million small children who will never see their fifth birthday, although most children worldwide are now immunized against major childhood killers.	0
What's also important is, with a simplified network like this, it now would become possible for me to tackle the ultimate challenge and make a public transport map for the city center, one where I wouldn't just show rapid transport connections, but also all the local bus routes, streets and the likes, and this is what a map like this could look like. 	1
Weaker international commodity prices, aggravated by significantly reduced demand from Asia and elsewhere, are anticipated to weaken economic growth in commodity exporting developing countries.	0
I think it tries to be the best balance between actual representation and simplification -- the language of way-finding in our brain. 	1
The individual’s active, free and meaningful participation in development is the basis for the implementation of the 1986 Declaration on the Right to Development.	0
Farmers are facing challenges of drought from Asia to Africa, from Australia to Oklahoma, while heat waves linked with climate change have killed tens of thousands of people in Western Europe in 2003, and again in Russia in 2010. 	1
43. The United Nations reforms, announced in 1997 by the Secretary-General, provide a framework for collaborative action by the different organs and bodies of the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, which can support and encourage country-by-country efforts geared towards the goals of accelerating poverty reduction and the eradication of the worst aspects of poverty during the next two decades.	0
Infrastructure is going to be affected. 	1
But there might be some changes in store that you might not imagine. For example, planes require more runway for takeoff because the heated, less dense air, provides for less lift. 	1
At the same time, the United Nations system is promoting the synergies of this approach with its own Development Assistance Framework and the Minimum National Social Data Set.	0
Oh, and that's not even the tip of the iceberg. 	1
The Department of Economic and Social Affairs was designated by the General Assembly, in its resolution 48/183, as the preparatory body for the International Year for the Eradication of Poverty (1996).	0
68. The regional commissions have a mandate from the General Assembly to follow up on conference goals.	0
It cannot be used by people who aren't credentialed. 	1
Globally, UNICEF estimates that children account for at least half of the poor, which implies that more than 700 million children in the developing countries live currently in conditions of extreme poverty (on less than $1 a day).	0
A computer scientist can't get access to it without filing paperwork. 	1
These projects build rural roads and irrigation facilities, protect land from soil erosion and floods, develop markets, build public amenities, and enhance forest resources.	0
mathematicians who will do this sort of big data research, and the goal is to get 100,000 in the first year and a million in the first five years so that we have a statistically significant cohort that you can use to take smaller sample sizes from traditional research and map it against, so that you can use it to tease out those subtle correlations between the variations that make us unique 	1
As a follow-up to the first international conference on urban poverty as well as Habitat II, the International Forum on Urban Poverty was launched in Florence, Italy, in November 1997.	0
Both are fairly bad for your health.  If you look at it as a brand in those ways, what you'll come to realize is, it's a pretty flawed product. 	1
In this regard, WHO focuses its work at both the country and global levels.	0
UNU, for example, is carrying out a research and capacity-building programme oriented toward development in Africa from the perspective of the United Nations New Agenda for the Development of Africa in the 1990s and the United Nations system-wide Initiative on Africa.	0
There's a lady over there as well who lost her legs in this bombing. 	1
The greater use of participatory approaches in Bank work has also helped to ensure that the poor are heard in the formulation of strategies and projects.	0
We've got to start thinking about being more proactive. 	1
It also meant, then, if you can imagine this, that the people who bombed your children and your husbands were walking around the supermarket that you lived in. 	1
C. Working methods of the Special Committee	0
The advantages of dialogue are obvious. 	1
Since the provisions of the Charter had equal importance, the issue of assisting third States affected by sanctions should be taken into consideration together with the imposition of sanctions.	0
 Right? It's getting information. It's generating behavior that's useful.    Man: Ow! Ow!   BL: And sometimes, when things don't go our way, we get a little bit annoyed, right? 	1
They should be lifted as soon as the intended objective had been met.	0
The question "why?" is one of the most dangerous things you can do, because it takes you into uncertainty. 	1
37. The sponsor delegation placed particular emphasis upon the “humanitarian limits” of sanctions.	0
Medicines and basic foodstuffs should be exempted from the scope of sanctions regimes.	0
“6. Ensuring unimpeded and non-discriminatory access of the population of countries which are the object of sanctions to humanitarian assistance.	0
But changing the way I thought about science was surprisingly easy. Once we played the games and then started to think about the puzzle, I then realized that science isn't just a boring subject, and that anyone can discover something new. 	1
So I decided to go back to my alma mater, and, at the University of California, San Diego, and I proposed to open up a research center for engineering sciences for cultural heritage. 	1
Admittedly, it might be the case that a situation which was internal in origin might develop into a threat to international peace; but then that situation was no longer purely internal, and had instead taken on international dimensions.	0
First of all, they can give employees and customers more control. 	1
Some delegations were of the view that it should be deleted as unnecessary, since it merely repeated what was already in paragraph 1, at least once certain problematic elements were removed from it.	0
The album sold more copies than previous releases of the band. 	1
In particular, the reference in that paragraph of the annex to Article 24, paragraph 2, of the Charter should be incorporated.	0
The sense of co-ownership, the free publicity, the added value, all helped drive sales. 	1
70. With regard to section I of the proposal, the view was expressed that the proposition advanced in paragraph 5 was of great importance.	0
By applying a strict process, we give them less control, less choice, but we enable more and richer social interactions. 	1
As for paragraph 6, the view was expressed that it should not be formulated in terms of the settlement of disputes, but of the utilization of measures for the maintenance or restoration of international peace and security.	0
At the end of the day, as hyperconnectivity and transparency expose companies' behavior in broad daylight, staying true to their true selves is the only sustainable value proposition. 	1
And what's interesting about this view is, again, it's a view that's held by pro-globalizers like Tom Friedman, from whose book this quote is obviously excerpted, but it's also held by anti-globalizers, who see this giant globalization tsunami that's about to wreck all our lives if it hasn't already done so. 	1
The suggestion was also made that that paragraph should be merged with paragraph 3.	0
Now clearly, David Livingstone was a little bit ahead of his time, but it does seem useful to ask ourselves, "Just how global are we?" 	1
It's a little bit like, we wouldn't be having a conference on radical openness if we already thought we were totally open to all the kinds of influences that are being talked about at this conference. 	1
– As stipulated in Article 24, paragraph 2, of the Charter, in discharging its duties, the Security Council ‘shall act in accordance with the Purposes and Principles of the United Nations’.	0
“Article 109, paragraph 1, of the Charter confers explicitly on the General Assembly the power to hold a General Conference ‘for the purpose of reviewing the Charter at a date and place to be fixed by a two-thirds vote of the members of the General Assembly and by a vote of any nine members of the Security Council’.	0
Well, I'm the girl in that story, and the secret documents that I was interested in were located in this building, the British Parliament, and the data that I wanted to get my hands on were the expense receipts of members of Parliament. 	1
“Developments in the international arena in recent times have provided the United Nations with appropriate opportunities to play the role assigned to it under the Charter.	0
This is Birgitta Jónsdóttir. She's an Icelandic MP. 	1
The Special Committee should also contribute to the efforts to reform the Security Council, including its composition, and to improve its working methods.	0
You can try and find out how he's moving out assets from that country. 	1
Because that is what Julian Assange did. 	1
You've got to have skepticism and humility. 	1
At the outset, the sponsor delegation introduced a reordering of the paragraphs of the revised proposal and introduced a new paragraph 1.	0
By the same channel, the three officials would be informed about the final result, positive or negative, of the Board’s and of the experts’ activities.	0
Distinguished academics at the same time argued that democracies had this incredible range of side benefits. 	1
118. Several comments were made on paragraph 2 of the proposal dealing with the composition of the Board of Administrators or the Directors, their mode of election, their functions as well as the mode of funding of the Board’s activities.	0
It was also pointed out that such an approach would run counter to the current trend of the General Assembly which, in its resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997, had decided to phase out all gratis personnel by the end of 1998, and it would also run counter to the provisions of Article 101 of the Charter of the United Nations.	0
Our societies have never been so educated, have never been so energized, have never been so healthy, have never known so much, cared so much, or wanted to do so much, and it is a genius of the local. 	1
125. With reference to the funding of the Board’s activities, the sponsor delegation indicated that while the members of the Board would continue to receive their salaries from their missions, the operating costs of the Service could be financed by establishing a trust fund of voluntary contributions.	0
It's a question of what the citizens do. 	1
133. Some delegations expressed doubts whether there was any pressing or practical need for a reform of the type proposed.	0
And she sort of, she had no idea of the context in which she'd landed. 	1
It would be more appropriate to examine ways in which to encourage States to make declarations under Article 36, paragraph 2, of the Statute of the Court.	0
The mother and baby's homes were often run by nuns. 	1
Other delegations supported the suggestion, however, and proposed that interested delegations might undertake the drafting of such a questionnaire.	0
I was starting to stay out a little bit late, etc., etc. 	1
141. The sponsor delegation explained that it considered the inclusion of the above questionnaire in the Committee’s report useful since it set forth in an orderly and concrete manner the principal issues and possible problems which would arise from the proposal.	0
So this was an opportunity. If they were asking me whether I loved them or not, then I mustn't love them, which led me to the miracle of thought that I thought they wanted me to get to. 	1
142. Some delegations were of the view that the issues raised in the proposed questionnaire required an in-depth discussion which, for lack of time, it was not possible to have at the current session of the Special Committee. Consequently, consideration of the questionnaire should be postponed until the next session of the Committee.	0
"I will ask God for forgiveness and His light will shine through me to them. How fantastic." This was an opportunity. 	1
145. It was recalled that the review of the role of the Trusteeship Council had been on the agenda of the Special Committee for two years and that views expressed by Member States, both to the Secretary-General and in debates held in the Special Committee and in the Sixth Committee, clearly indicated the existence of different opinions on the topic.	0
It's not that I'd had the rug pulled from beneath me as much as the entire floor had been taken away. 	1
And this was the preparation that I was being given after 17 years as a child of the state. 	1
Other delegations were of the view that the Special Committee had proved its effectiveness and that there was no reason for shortening the Committee’s session.	0
This is an anecdote from his travels in South America. 	1
The point was also made in this connection that the date at which the Committee held its session was determined by priorities set by the General Assembly.	0
One of the features, though, of disgust, is not just its universality and its strength, but the way that it works through association. 	1
8. On the political level, the election, in March 1996, of Mr. Mohamed Taki Abdoulkarim to the office of President of the Republic put an end to the events which had been adversely affecting Comorian political life.	0
And what we found was that just taking a questionnaire next to this hand-sanitizing reminder made individuals report being more politically conservative. 	1
The members of the Government are appointed by the President of the Republic on the recommendation of the Prime Minister, the Head of Government.	0
Let me give you an example of what I mean by harmless but taboo sexual practice. We gave them scenarios. 	1
In addition, external balance-of-payments assistance was suspended and debt-service payments rose.	0
You can see that here by the different reflection on this side. 	1
29. The Comoros has instituted a number of structural reforms in order to embark on a course of sustainable development.	0
And as I went village to village, I remember one day, when I was famished and exhausted, and I was almost collapsing in a scorching heat under a tree, and just at that time, one of the poorest men in that village invited me into his hut and graciously fed me. 	1
33. Measures to benefit the private sector.	0
And third, the engagement in developing countries was with a narrow set of government elites with little interaction with the citizens, who are the ultimate beneficiaries of development assistance. 	1
36. Preservation of the environment and proper management of natural resources.	0
The United Nations system has instituted a harmonization of the programming cycles for the period 1997–2001 in order to further improve programme design and implementation.	0
This is what the map of Tandale looked like in August, 2011. But within a few weeks, university students were able to use mobile phones and an open-source platform to dramatically map the entire community infrastructure. 	1
The main objective of UNDP cooperation, in the context of its new country programme, is to support the efforts of the Comoros for sustainable human development and poverty reduction.	0
Two years ago, on April 8th, 2010, I called my father. 	1
It will help to follow up the implementation of the Convention on the Rights of the Child and to carry out advocacy activities aimed at decision-makers, society, families and children.	0
Having worked with lots of young children, I expected the institution to be a riot of noise, but it was as silent as a convent. 	1
The institution may be hundreds of miles away from the family home. 	1
Good morning. So magic is an excellent way for staying ahead of the reality curve, to make possible today what science will make a reality tomorrow. 	1
And so when I moved to New York City after college and got completely sucker-punched in the face by depression, I did the only thing I could think of at the time. 	1
And I thought, "Well, sir, I am not a strategist, nor am I specialist. I am merely a storyteller." 	1
Economic performance in Kyrgyzstan was even more robust, posting a GDP growth of about 10 per cent in 1997.	0
This cell is looking for foreign objects, bacteria, things that it can find. 	1
pipeline routes A number of pipeline projects are in the offing.	0
And if you look at the actual physical characteristics on the face of this beautiful horseshoe bat, you see a lot of these characteristics are dedicated to be able to make sound and perceive it. 	1
Bats in the tropics are major pollinators of many plants. 	1
They also feed on fruit, and they disperse the seeds of these fruits. Bats are responsible for pollinating the tequila plant, and this is a multi-million dollar industry in Mexico. So indeed, we need them for our ecosystems to function properly. 	1
* International Federation of Freight Forwarders Associations (FIATA) freight forwarders training centres	0
The Central Asian countries have acceded to some of these international legal instruments and continue to examine the possibility of acceding to many more.	0
In Europe alone, by 2050, there is going to be a 70 percent increase of individuals over 65, and 170 percent increase in individuals over 80. 	1
Ladies and gentlemen, and more importantly, Mo Bros and Mo Sistas —  — for the next 17 minutes, I'm going to share with you my Movember journey, and how, through that journey, we've redefined charity, we're redefining the way prostate cancer researchers are working together throughout the world, and I hope, through that process, that I inspire you to create something significant in your life, something significant that will go on 	1
1. We should like to state that the Socialist People’s Libyan Arab Jamahiriya considers that the draft guiding principles for international negotiations accord with the general principles of international law and, in particular, with the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties and that they would safeguard the legitimate rights of small States in negotiations at both the bilateral and multilateral levels.	0
Bring this campaign to these countries. 	1
The consideration of the item during the last session has also shown the effectiveness of consideration of this item when examined without politicizing the issues.	0
It wasn't as successful as we thought it would be. 	1
And he goes, "Listen, I know it's about men's health, I know it's about prostate cancer, but this is for breast cancer." 	1
United Nations Decade of International Law: draft guiding principles for international negotiations	0
1. In its resolution 51/55 of 10 December 1996, entitled “The maintenance of international security – prevention of the violent disintegration of States”, the General Assembly requested Member States to communicate to the Secretary-General their views on the issue.	0
It's that we expect them to bring us happiness. 	1
The United Nations, in accordance with its Charter, has a duty to continuously undertake adequate political, economic and social measures aimed at preventing instability, facilitating a solution to the open questions among States and preventing unsatisfactory economic and social developments to become violent conflicts.	0
And it's not just a lot of people, it's a really diverse group, people from a wide range of ages, from 18 to late 80s, a wide range of incomes, education levels, people who are married, divorced, widowed, etc. 	1
The recommendation is being implemented through the further refinement of the appointment and promotion process and the institution of record-keeping on the progress of each case through the different phases of the recruitment process in order to analyse the causes of delay and to further streamline the process.	0
But even since just 1995, '96, the way we communicate has been completely transformed. We email, we text, we skype, we Facebook. It's insane. 	1
ITC, in liaison with United Nations Headquarters, should review the accounting treatment of deferred charges and deferred income to ensure that it is consistent with best accounting practice (para. 13).	0
The ITC standard format for submissions of new publication proposals to the Publications Board, which contains a number of other elements required for the consideration of proposals, has been in use for several years and has been particularly valuable in the appraisal and approval of such proposals by the Board.	0
All right, well, what about online dating? 	1
For an analysis of the developing country versus industrialized country consultant/institution ratio to be meaningful, it would be necessary to look closely at the work assignment with a view to determining whether the work must be carried out at a UNU duty station or could be awarded to a consultant/institution elsewhere.	0
Most linguists agree that we started speaking somewhere between 50,000 and 100,000 years ago. That's a long time ago. 	1
In this connection, UNDP will establish corporate standards and guidelines to country offices on renovations, maintenance and alterations.	0
I would come home with my clothes reeking of woodsmoke. 	1
UNDP will look into the possibility of formulating an energy management policy for both headquarters as well as for its country offices.	0
I find in so many things that tension between what I can control and what I have to let go happens all the time, whether I'm creating a new radio show or just at home negotiating with my teenage sons. 	1
It was supposed to break, but that's okay.   That's part of the letting go, is sometimes it happens and sometimes it doesn't, because creativity also grows from the broken places. 	1
19. The Board recommends that UNDP establish clear arrangements for funding the full costs of the change management initiative (para. 135).	0
JB: It's so powerful. Richard Ford, who's won the Pulitzer Prize, says that dyslexia helped him write sentences. 	1
This has resulted in best practices being identified and disseminated.	0
In order to create, we have to stand in that space between what we see in the world and what we hope for, looking squarely at rejection, at heartbreak, at war, at death. 	1
As of 18 August 1998, 51 field offices had responded.	0
I'll find a way to get in, because I don't want to see this history disappear." 	1
The decision establishes a reserve fund for field office accommodation and specifies only that “75 per cent would be earmarked for field office accommodations, relating mainly to UNICEF participation in common premises with other United Nations organizations.	0
Time is unstoppable, and it transforms the event. 	1
I went to a local shop, I tried to buy her a sanitary pad packet. 	1
For more accurate and transparent financial reporting, UNRWA should disclose information on the changes in reserves and fund balances in its statement II in accordance with the requirements of the United Nations accounting standards (para. 22).	0
Then I used, tried to use the medical college girls. 	1
But here the problem is, one company is making napkin out of cotton. It is working well. 	1
The Agency is concerned about the lack of resources available to the Department of Finance.	0
The staffing of vacancies will enhance efficiency in financial operations and contribute to facilitating the necessary “re-engineering” of some of its processes.	0
Why is this? I used medical college girls. 	1
It is the same in the 21st century. That's why I am going to decide to give this machine only for poor women across India. 	1
The revision process has commenced and will be completed by the end of 1998.	0
Do your job simply, the girl will chase you. 	1
UNRWA has been in contact with the Office of the Canadian Auditor-General and has the opportunity of drawing on its training expertise at a moderate cost.	0
That's all. A school dropout saw your problem in the society of not using sanitary pad. 	1
The Agency should ensure strict adherence to its programme management procedures on acceptance and disbursement of project funds, as well as reporting on them to assure donors of the effective utilization of their contributions (recommendation 10 (b)).	0
There's 40 million people who need a wheelchair but don't have one, and the majority of these people live in rural areas, are by traveling long distances on rough terrain often under their own power. 	1
The appointment of a new Chief of External Relations will bring some stability and continuity to the function.	0
And the devices usually available to these people are not made for that context, break down quickly, and are hard to repair. 	1
In view of its implications for the General Fund’s cash flow, the Agency may wish to review its policy of advance authorization of funds to pre-finance projects prior to receipt of contributions, by limiting its application and strengthening its monitoring (recommendation 10 (c)).	0
So being a mechanical engineer, being at MIT and having lots of resources available to me, I thought I'd try to do something about it. 	1
UNITAR seems to have two possible solutions: for the pending inter-office vouchers exceeding $100, information will against be sought from UNDP offices, and they will remain pending a clear description of the expense.	0
And the final point I want to make is that I think this project worked well because we engaged all the stakeholders that buy into this project and are important to consider in bringing the technology from inception of an idea through innovation, validation, commercialization and dissemination, and that cycle has to start and end with end users. 	1
However, the promotion procedure is for the time being only a proposal.	0
Now what's powerful about this model is when you bring together all these stakeholders that represent each link in the chain from inception of an idea all the way to implementation in the field, that's where the magic happens. 	1
This is in this context I'm going to tell you about video games. When we say video games, most of you think about children. 	1
Contributions from Denmark, Norway, Sweden and the United States also enabled the Office to develop additional efforts linked to the Machel Study follow-up strategy, including the establishment of four regional policy officers for refugee children, the action for the rights of children training programme and conflict resolution and peace education initiatives.	0
33. UNHCR will seek guidance from the Executive Committee before engaging in further consultations with the Board of Auditors on this matter.	0
So it's the same way, like those action video games have a number of ingredients that are actually really powerful for brain plasticity, learning, attention, vision, etc., and so we need and we're working on understanding what are those active ingredients so that we can really then leverage them to deliver better games, either for education or for rehabilitation of patients. 	1
37. In this regard, the current situation is as follows:	0
Then, once they are done with the training, they come back a few days later and they are tested again on a similar type of mental rotation task. So this is work from a colleague in Toronto. What they showed is that, initially, you know, subjects perform where they are expected to perform given their age. After two weeks of training on action video games, they actually perform better, and the improvement is still there five months after 	1
Reports on the value of non-expendable property purchased by the implementing agencies out of UNEP funds should be obtained and the value of such property should be disclosed to the notes to the financial statements (para. 15).	0
Now, at this point, a number of you are probably wondering well, what are you waiting for, to put on the market a game that would be good for the attention of my grandmother and that she would actually enjoy, or a game that would be great to rehabilitate the vision of my grandson who has amblyopia, for example? 	1
UNEP has put in place all the necessary measures to ensure timely submission of audited expenditure statements; i.e., UNEP will withhold future cash advances to those organizations that have not provided audit certificates and will not enter into new contractual arrangements with supporting organizations that have not provided the necessary audit documents.	0
I'm Robbie Mizzone. I'm 13, and I play the fiddle. 	1
In its report on the biennium 1990–1991, the Board of Auditors recommended that the UNFPA Policies and Procedures Manual be updated without further delay. A task force created in October 1996 issued a major portion of the Manual in November 1997, however, it still remains only 80 per cent complete (para. 7 (a)).	0
The measures taken, or to be taken, by the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation (UNHHSF) to implement the recommendations of the Board of Auditors in its report for the biennium 1996–199711 are described below.	0
I had head injures. I had internal injuries. 	1
Financial statements should be prepared in conformity with the United Nations accounting standards (para. 9 (b)).	0
I was an athlete. That's all I knew. That's all I'd done. 	1
I had one arm in plaster, one arm tied down by drips. 	1
As an interim measure, further automation is planned to be achieved by adapting an accounting software package to integrate accounting data.	0
And we did. And he said, "Right. Now we're all connected." 	1
I'd lost so much weight in the hospital I now weighed about 80 pounds. 	1
As recommended, financial estimates and lessons learned are now being included together with the programmatic description.	0
I wanted my old life back. I wanted my body back. 	1
Emphasis will be placed on assessments at the programme and country levels in support of meeting the specific targets set in the action plans.	0
And then I thought to myself, maybe being at rock bottom is actually the perfect place to start. 	1
He said, "Would you like to have a go at taxiing?" 	1
UNDCP will give due consideration to these recommendations in order to continually improve the transparency of its evaluation of consultant performance.	0
In connection with activities undertaken to improve the roster, the Intranet system under consideration would facilitate easy integration of more detailed, standardized assessments of the performance of consultants into the central database.	0
Didn't know how on Earth I'd ever pass a medical. 	1
1. All field offices should be reminded of the importance of completing the receipt and inspection reports (para. 33).	0
And then I learned to fly in bad weather as well as fine weather and got my instrument rating. 	1
5. The Office should ensure that all systems are tested for year 2000 compliance, with sufficient lead time to address any deficiencies (para. 79).	0
I now know that it wasn't until I let go of who I thought I was that I was able to create a completely new life. 	1
8. The Office has addressed this concern pursuant to recommendation I (a) above.	0
I know that I'm not my body, and I also know that you're not yours. 	1
11. The Office should finalize the handbook on procurement procedures as a matter of priority (para. 25).	0
14. The Office agrees that proper planning of procurement actions will facilitate effective timely action and reduce the overall costs of procurement.	0
Let's consider for a while the option of monotasking. 	1
Furthermore, one of the comparative advantages of the Office is its ability to respond on a timely basis to changes in demand.	0
25. The Office has addressed this concern pursuant to recommendation I (c) above.	0
But there have always been, in Islam, a small group, a minority, who believe that jihad is not only an internal struggle but also an external struggle against forces that would threaten the faith, or the faithul. 	1
These cases are reviewed on the basis of merit.	0
On Fridays in his mosque, he gave sermons trying to reclaim the meaning of the word, but his congregants, the people who came to his mosque, they had seen the videos. They had seen pictures of the planes going into the towers, the towers coming down. 	1
It was dying well before he did, and now it's on its last legs. 	1
Come out of the station, West 4th near the park, brothers shooting hoops and someone remarks, 'Hey homes, where you get them Nik's?' I says to myself, 'Yeah. I likes 'em, I likes.' They were Q-tip white, bright and blinding my eyes. 	1
66. World Bank adjustment loans are supporting small-scale privatization in Bosnia and Herzegovina and accelerating privatization of medium-scale and large-scale enterprises in Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and the Russian Federation.	0
This is an example from Karen Burg's lab, where they're using inkjet technologies to print breast cancer cells and study its progressions and treatments. 	1
The programme aims at developing stable, fiscally sustainable decentralized frameworks, as well as the laws and regulations necessary both for private-sector participation in local infrastructure and services and for open, diversified and competitive subnational credit markets.	0
That was common practice in the industry, and those who held patents on airplanes were defending them fiercely and suing competitors left and right. 	1
For the remainder of 1998 and the 1999–2000 period, IFAD is considering additional investments of about $73.5 million in Albania, Azerbaijan, Bosnia, Georgia, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, the Republic of Moldova and Romania.	0
It isn't only the number of drugs that are patented. 	1
A new project in the Russian Federation will strengthen the capacity and capabilities of women managers and entrepreneurs to participate in market economy-oriented activities.	0
In the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, UNIDO-supported activities to attract FDI include the establishment of an investment promotion unit at the Ministry of Development, to be linked with the UNIDO World Investment Network Service; staff training; and dissemination of the UNIDO Investor’s Guide.	0
Nelson is a member of the expert advisory group of the Medicines Patent Pool, and he told me not so long ago, "Ellen, we rely in Kenya and in many other countries on the Medicines Patent Pool to make sure that new medicines also become available to us, that new medicines, without delay, become available to us." 	1
Unless you're prepared to get dung under your fingernails and root through the dung itself, you'll never see 90 percent of the dung beetle species, because they go directly into the dung, straight down below it, and then they shuttle back and forth between the dung at the soil surface and a nest they make underground. 	1
So we gave them some more tasks to deal with, and what we did here is we turned the world under their feet. And watch its response. 	1
The Assembly called upon all States that had not yet done so to consider taking the necessary action to sign or to ratify the International Convention against the Recruitment, Use, Financing and Training of Mercenaries, and urged them to cooperate fully with the Special Rapporteur in the fulfilment of his mandate.	0
II. Activities of the Special Rapporteur	0
The overthrow of President Tejan Kabbah and the seizure of power by a revolutionary council, which immediately demanded that Nigeria return Foday Sankoh, put an end to a fragile peace and caused a resumption of violence.	0
Are there any Lebanese here tonight, by applause? 	1
That Government was ultimately overthrown and the company expelled from the country.	0
29. The right to life, to proper legal and political institutions, to security, peace and the maintenance of the rule of law and democracy are definitely not matters which can be entrusted to private military assistance and training companies.	0
I went to Saudi Arabia. In Saudi Arabia, they go one, two, and then they stay on the same side: three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18 --  Next time you see a Saudi, look closely. They're just a little bit tilted. 	1
32. The Special Rapporteur has been informed of the presence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo of the London-registered firm Defence Systems Limited, which is responsible for guarding various mines and petroleum installations, as well as several embassies in Kinshasa.	0
But no, guys, really, it is exciting to be here, and like I said, you guys are doing a lot culturally, you know, and it's amazing, and it helps change the image of the Middle East in the West. 	1
The firm, which was established in 1981, is reported to have over 4,000 employees and to be operating in nearly 30 countries.	0
A lot of Americans don't know a lot about us, about the Middle East. 	1
33. The situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has again deteriorated.	0
I'm Iranian and American. I'm there. I know, I've traveled here. 	1
This is because the parties to a conflict have specific military needs which require the assistance and hiring of military professionals.	0
And it's vice versa, and it helps stop problems of misunderstanding and stereotypes from happening. 	1
Mercenaries, especially those hired to take part in combat activities and to train future members of battalions, columns or commando units, tend to be former soldiers or combatants and to be experienced in the use of sophisticated weaponry.	0
For example, I don't know if you heard about this, a little while ago in the US, there was a Muslim family walking down the aisle of an airplane, talking about the safest place to sit on the plane. 	1
The reality is that there are people who are prepared to become mercenaries and who ultimately do so because of the pay they receive for engaging in an unlawful activity in a country other than their own; their intervention is motivated directly by financial gain.	0
Granted, some mother tongues might sound a little threatening to the average American. 	1
It would in fact be appropriate to adopt a unified position which not only condemns mercenary activities but also proposes effective legal norms for preventing and punishing them, whatever form they take.	0
And 60 seconds is the amount of time it took for it to travel 250 kilometers to Managua. 	1
Pursuant to its article 19, the International Convention is to enter into force on the thirtieth day following the date of deposit of the twenty-second instrument of ratification or accession with the Secretary-General.	0
You know? This is a fantastic reaction from someone, very genuine video that they've shot in their back garden. 	1
The following 10 States have signed but not yet ratified the Convention: Angola, Congo, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Germany, Morocco, Nigeria, Poland, Romania, Uruguay and Yugoslavia.	0
There was only one video posted to that account, and the username was Rita Krill. 	1
The entry into force of the International Convention will help to characterize situations involving mercenaries more accurately, prosecute and punish offenders effectively, determine jurisdiction clearly in each case and facilitate extradition procedures and preventive cooperation among States.	0
But we started looking, and we used free Internet tools to do so. 	1
The present report therefore includes a discussion of the complaint brought by the Government of Cuba, currently under investigation, regarding attacks carried out by mercenaries, acting for third parties, to cause chaos and political destabilization in that country.	0
So we were able to call Rita, clear the video, make sure that it had been shot, and then our clients were delighted because they were able to run it without being worried. 	1
In carrying out their operations, these companies do not hesitate to hire mercenaries to take charge of the military aspects.	0
And the third one said, "I think the bridge does exist, but the dam upstream of the bridge was closed, so the river should actually have been dry, so this doesn't make sense." 	1
I didn't see anyone else. We took this photo next to the helicopter. 	1
The case files include all property lost in a single incident.	0
And it's not just with transportation, my love, but of course in other realms. Here's Fiverr.com. 	1
12. Losses due to theft correspond to 8,566 items with a total inventory value of $22,533,718, constituting 59.4 per cent of the overall losses by all means.	0
Last June 1, we launched. It was an exciting moment. 	1
The political and military situation is often unstable, and lack of infrastructure and communications may also have an adverse effect on efforts to secure property.	0
Industrial production, the whole point of industrial production is to provide a standardized, exact service model that is consistent every single time, and I'm really thankful that my smartphone is made using industrial production. 	1
Personnel, material and administrative measures to provide for the security and control of United Nations assets are systematically implemented in peacekeeping operations.	0
That is the diversity of what's going on. 	1
The area of property losses is no less affected in this regard.	0
A driver was telling me that they went to rent a car to go up the coast of France and the owner gave it to them, and said, "You know what, here's where the cliffs are, and here's all the beaches, and this is my best beach, and this is where the best fish restaurant is." 	1
If investigation reports are not completed both promptly and thoroughly, management will not be provided with the information necessary to take preventive action, and a whole range of measures to control loss of property may be delayed, particularly property survey action.	0
So you can have these really nice things that can't happen, and it's a kind of "Wow!" and I want to say "Wow!" 	1
Resource constraints in the absence of a military component often dictate the employment of local security guards, either individually or through a company.	0
What happens in Peer, Inc. companies is that you have tens and hundreds and thousands and even millions of people who are creating experiments on this model, and so out of all that influence and that effort, you are having this exceptional amount of innovation that is coming out. 	1
1 Disposal based on these criteria is not considered to be a “loss” to the Organization.	0
So chances are really, really good that your insula is going off right now, but I won't kid myself to think this means you love me. 	1
In doing so, it committed a flagrant violation of the territorial integrity and sovereignty of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, recklessly breaching the basic principles of the Charter of the United Nations and the Helsinki Final Act.	0
 So we've seen neuro-flapdoodle all over the headlines. 	1
2. For years now, the Republic of Albania has been the main source of threats to the peace and stability of its neighbours and the entire region.	0
SPECT imaging is a brain-scanning technology that uses a radioactive tracer to track blood flow in the brain. 	1
At the end of the course, the terrorists signed a pledge that they would serve loyally if called up “to liberate Kosovo” and were made aware that any disclosure to the Yugoslav authorities that they had undergone the secret training would be punished by death.	0
We haven't found a "buy" button inside the brain, we can't tell whether someone is lying or in love just by looking at their brain scans, and we can't turn sinners into saints with hormones. 	1
The answers shouldn't be simple, because the brain isn't simple. 	1
And that's how it started. And that's how, really, it's unleashed, because suddenly people from Facebook, friends and others, just understand that they can be part of it. 	1
A family leave programme for United Nations staff;	0
They have graphic designers. What?  Crazy, crazy. 	1
12. In the area of human resources management, the mechanisms of accountability may be seen in a hierarchy, matched at each level against specific delegated responsibilities and authorities.	0
And maybe that image will help us change something. 	1
15. Different levels of authority are defined in ST/AI/234/Rev.1; some matters are reserved to the Secretary-General, others are within the authority of the Assistant Secretary-General for Human Resources Management, the Controller, the heads of substantive departments or offices or the Heads of Offices away from Headquarters.	0
The lack of these three elements may result in arbitrary decisions, on the basis of which the United Nations Administrative Tribunal may be obliged to award damages.	0
We can just raise taxes a bit and close that gap, especially if we raise taxes on the rich. 	1
(d) All exceptions to the Staff Rules should be reported, with explanations for the basis of such decisions.	0
And when you think about the economy through these two different lenses, you understand why this crisis is so hard to solve, because the worse the crisis gets, the higher the stakes are, the more each side thinks they know the answer and the other side is just going to ruin everything. 	1
(d) Separation of duties: no one staff member should control all key aspects of an event or transaction.	0
They like Social Security. They like Medicare. 	1
As OHRM delegates day-to-day administrative events to programme managers, it will remain responsible for analysing trends and patterns in human resources management.	0
The rumors of its demise are always greatly exaggerated. 	1
41. Among the detailed replies received, most Member States noted that the right to freedom of association was guaranteed for members of their national civil service in the promotion and defence of their social and professional rights and interests.	0
And in fact, there's this other group of people who are not as divided as people might think, and that group is economists. 	1
The Organization is in the process of identifying the core competencies required of all staff and managers to serve as a basis for all human resources systems.	0
In 1913, we had this ugly battle over the Federal Reserve, when it was created, with vicious, angry arguments over how it would be constituted, and a general agreement that the way it was constituted was the worst possible compromise, a compromise guaranteed to destroy this valuable thing, this dollar, but then everyone agreeing, okay, so long as we're on the gold standard, it should be okay. 	1
In 1997, 8,217 participants studied in language courses, 3,439 at Headquarters and 4,778 at Offices away from Headquarters.	0
Now a fourth factor really becomes an obsession, which is, never betray the illusion. 	1
However, procedures are flexible at the stage of the oral component regarding the use of languages other than English or French.	0
 ["'It is today possible to realize the most impossible and improbable things.' — Georges Méliès"] Don Levy: Thank you. 	1
80. In resolution 51/226, the General Assembly underlined the importance of the concept of career service for staff members who perform continuing core functions.	0
It's called breakbone fever, because that's how you can feel. 	1
82. In paragraph 1 of section VI of resolution 51/226, the General Assembly expressed its concern about the practice of using consultants to carry out functions assigned to established posts and requested the Secretary-General to refrain from this practice.	0
Now, in fact, a single mosquito will only travel about 200 yards in its entire life. They don't travel very far. 	1
83. In paragraph 4 of section VI of resolution 51/226, the General Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to prepare, no later than the end of 1997, comprehensive policy guidelines on the terms of reference (including objectives, targets, and output delivery dates), selection, hiring and renewal of consultants and ensuring transparency and objectivity in the selection process, and to submit those guidelines to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) for review before consideration by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session under the item entitled “Financial reports and audited financial statements, and reports of the Board of Auditors”.	0
And that's what's happened. Mankind has transported these eggs all the way around the world, and these insects have infested over 100 countries, and there's now 2.5 billion people living in countries where this mosquito resides. 	1
It will be submitted through ACABQ in October 1998, and will also address the other issues referred to in paragraphs 9 and 13 of resolution 51/243.	0
The Tribunal has reported that, as at the end of July 1998, offers of employment were issued and accepted by 12 of the subject personnel, 2 offers are pending and 3 persons declined acceptance.	0
So it's not very effective, but it's probably the best thing we've got at the moment. 	1
They should now come together in a peaceful way in order to ensure the timely convening of the new Parliament and the formation of a new government that can work effectively for the reconstruction of the country, thus bringing back well-being and prosperity to the people of Cambodia.	0
Now if that male is carrying a gene which causes the death of the offspring, then the offspring don't survive, and instead of having 500 mosquitos running around, you have none. 	1
The floods, the most devastating in the past 36 years, completely ravaged the food production capacity of important agricultural areas in Bay, lower Shabelle, and lower Juba.	0
All right, now this might not sound as scary as an asteroid, but look at these graphs that Levin showed. 	1
In addition, a seed-bank system was set up to sustain future seed availability.	0
19. United Nations agencies restructured their assistance in an effort to improve and build the foundation for a more sustainable health-care system in Somalia.	0
Now that process feels great. It feels really satisfying. 	1
WHO promptly responded to the situation by launching a detailed investigation in collaboration with an international team of experts from the United States Centers for Disease Control (CDC), Epicenter, the Kenyan Ministry of Health, the South African National Institute of Viral Research, non-governmental organizations and Somali professionals.	0
Republicans like Republicans. That's not a surprise. 	1
Although a return to acute humanitarian crisis as a result of the recent flood emergency has been averted, political instability and the ensuing insecurity have continued to prevent the country, particularly southern and central Somalia, from moving into straight-forward reconstruction.	0
We've all seen versions of this graph, right, which shows the changes in wealth since 1979, and as you can see, almost all the gains in wealth have gone to the top 20 percent, and especially the top one percent. 	1
Taking these circumstances into account, UNDP has prepared a programme strategy for the period 1997–2000.	0
Especially, it destroys our ability to trust each other, to feel that we're all in the same boat, because it's obvious we're not. 	1
We're not all in the same boat, and that means nobody's willing to sacrifice for the common good. 	1
On the basis of the profiles, distributed in both English and Somali, the Project conducted a series of public consultations with political and civic leaders between January and March 1998, culminating in a set of commonly agreed priorities for collective action and research, which include basic institutions of government, reintegration of various dislocated social groups (internally displaced people, female-headed households), provision of social services, and various aspects of economic rebuilding.	0
Now let me be clear. I'm not blaming the women here. 	1
In order to increase the role of women in decision-making, UNIFEM and UNICEF jointly organized in the north-west and central zones two training workshops on women’s role in conflict resolution.	0
We are becoming a nation of just two classes. 	1
Now this is a social disaster, and liberals are very concerned about this. 	1
Finland also contributed to the globally operating international humanitarian and relief agencies, as core resources, a total of Fmk 43,000,000, some of which may also have been channelled to Somalia.	0
This progress illuminates the need for assistance to Somalia to be adapted to the varied realities of each geographical region and underlines the fact that any credible assistance programmes for Somalia must reflect the differing environments within which United Nations operations are undertaken.	0
I went to Gates Lane Elementary School in Worcester, Massachusetts, and I had wonderful teachers there, most notably in first grade Mrs. Alisch. 	1
Donor Governments need to consider funding United Nations assistance in Somalia in light of these new circumstances, to ensure that emergency as well as transitional and early developmental needs are sufficiently addressed.	0
I was clearly worried about my intellectual property when I was eight. 	1
Letter dated 2 October 1998 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the General Assembly	0
And when I was 17, I met my father for the first time, upon which I learned I had a brother and sister I had never known about. 	1
The present report is a review of the current humanitarian situation in Afghanistan, detailing humanitarian assistance provided by the United Nations and its partners over the past year and drawing attention to future prospects.	0
My grandparents, they were in the middle of it. 	1
The damage inflicted on drainage and irrigation systems by the floods will continue to affect thousands of livelihoods for some time to come.	0
For a two-year-old, that is like a tattoo.  You know? You only get one birthday per year. 	1
Yet what puzzled me most was Celine had given her informed consent to be a part of this trial, yet she clearly did not understand the implications of being a participant or what would happen to her once the trial had been completed. 	1
The mission was led by Mr. Martin Griffiths, Deputy Emergency Relief Coordinator, OCHA, and was mandated to discuss with the Taliban administration a number of issues, including privileges and immunities of the United Nations staff; participation of international and national female staff in United Nations assistance programmes; and access to health care and education.	0
But it would have done so at a price to hundreds of patients who, like Celine, were left to their own devices once the research had been completed. 	1
The document lays out the code of conduct for both the United Nations and the local authorities, sets up a mechanism to enhance cooperation and resolution of problems, and deals in a preliminary way with the gender issues that have plagued relations between the Taliban and the United Nations.	0
However, the inequalities that exist between richer countries and developing countries in terms of funding pose a real risk for exploitation, especially in the context of externally-funded research. 	1
After the expulsion, a letter was sent on 23 July 1998 from the United Nations to the Taliban representative at Islamabad, expressing grave concern about the decision taken by the Taliban and its repercussions on the general welfare and the health and nutritional status of the vulnerable population of Kabul.	0
The high prevalence of HIV drives researchers to conduct research that is sometimes scientifically acceptable but on many levels ethically questionable. 	1
As of 12 June 1998, a total of US$ 2.63 million was available from the unspent balance of funds requested for the February 1998 earthquake operation and new pledges from donors.	0
The final point I would like for you to consider tonight is what happens to participants in the clinical trial once the research has been completed. 	1
It is essential that donors provide funding to ensure that the affected population is adequately sheltered before winter sets in.	0
Now, researchers need to make every effort to ensure that an intervention that has been shown to be beneficial during a clinical trial is accessible to the participants of the trial once the trial has been completed. 	1
In addition, the programme provides support to the families of war victims through home-based training in daily living skills, self-care, and counselling.	0
Now, sunlight, of course, comes into this. 	1
Due to insecurity in northern Afghanistan, the polio campaign was not carried out in eight provinces.	0
What nitric oxide does is it dilates blood vessels, so it lowers your blood pressure. 	1
Sectoral areas for assistance include food and agriculture, water supply and sanitation, vocational training and income generation, health and education.	0
So we put patients with these subjects under the UV, and their NO levels do go up, and their blood pressure goes down. 	1
47. The urban rehabilitation component of the PEACE Initiative is implemented by Habitat, in partnership with other United Nations agencies.	0
And when we shone UV at them, or when we warmed them up to the same level as the lamps, but didn't actually let the rays hit the skin, this didn't happen. 	1
WFP organized and supported projects supporting training and income generation activities through female-headed non-governmental organizations.	0
So here, further data that ultraviolet -- that's sunlight -- has benefits on the blood flow and the cardiovascular system. 	1
53. In the first half of 1998, United Nations agencies and non-governmental organizations continued to support home-based schools for girls in the Taliban-controlled areas, and provided support to the education sector at Badakhshan and the central Highlands where boys and girls have access to education.	0
So you can look at the wavelengths of light that do that. 	1
More than 100 home-based schools were operating at Kabul, providing education to more than 6,500 children, half of whom were girls.	0
If you live up here, in summer the sun is coming fairly directly down, but in winter it's coming through a huge amount of atmosphere, and much of the ultraviolet is weeded out, and the range of wavelengths that hit the Earth are different from summer to winter. 	1
56. In accordance with UNDCP’s positive conditionality policy, drug control action plans for Kandahar and Nangarhar province (the pilot areas for drug control) were prepared and endorsed by the Taliban authorities in those areas.	0
Edinburgh in summer, the area beneath the curve is pretty good, but Edinburgh in winter, the amount of NO that can be released is next to nothing, tiny amounts. 	1
63. In addition to the activities listed above, several Member States have provided the following information on assistance to Afghanistan pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/211 A.	0
Finland also contributed Fmk 43,000,000 as core resources to the globally operating international humanitarian and relief agencies, part of which contribution may also have been channelled to Afghanistan.	0
73. In 1997, the Government of Luxembourg donated 10 million Luxembourg francs (Lux F) to ICRC for humanitarian relief and Lux F 6 million to WHO for medical assistance.	0
Common programming will allow each of these elements to reinforce the other, addressing broader issues in the search for a solution to the Afghan conflict and preparing the ground for sustainable aid activities.	0
82. Despite the manifold difficulties, United Nations agencies and the non-governmental organization community are currently continuing to achieve positive results.	0
So to lift this education and training worldwide is a very large task, something I'm very personally excited about as we travel around the world. 	1
9. The contract was subsequently amended on 15 and 19 November 1996 in order, inter alia, to revise the scope of work by reducing the number of outlets to be installed from 2,649 to 2,252 and to extend the system cut-over date to 15 November 1996 and final acceptance to 15 December 1996 for a total revised cost of $3,002,550.	0
2. The report covers the period from July 1996 to June 1998.	0
"Hurray! My boy finally started to lie!" 	1
In order to increase the number of library documents, the Centre continued to establish relationships based on the exchange of documents with some research and academic institutions.	0
A kid who has just started to lie is taking the first step as a storyteller. 	1
The Secretary-General wishes to express his gratitude to the Governments of Norway and Togo for their contributions and to the Government of Togo for its support of the Centre.	0
But parents tell them, "It will all be washed away by the waves." 	1
24. The Committee was encouraged to note that, despite the growing difficulties faced by the Palestinian economy, the international donor community had continued to make sustained and determined efforts to meet emergency needs and to promote the economic and social development of the Palestinian people.	0
51. The following topics were discussed by the participants: the Middle East peace process: current situation and prospects; the European position and the policy of the European Union; and international law, world public opinion and the role of non-governmental organizations.	0
But if you're a virus and you see this, you cross those little legs of yours and you think, "We rock." 	1
In their final statement, the non-governmental organizations expressed deep concern at the stalemate in the negotiations, resulting in particular from the unilateral actions of the Government of Israel.	0
Because it took a lot of crafty work to infect this bacterium. 	1
77. From September 1997 to August 1998, the Dissemination and Communications Unit of the Department, in accordance with its established pattern, distributed 9,436 hard copies of documents and, through electronic mail, 74 titles of documents related to the question of Palestine.	0
But if a young learner can't understand anything in science and learns to hate it because it all sounds like this, that will ruin their chances of success. 	1
The Centre at Washington, D.C., organized meetings for the 10 Palestinian media practitioners to observe the press conference at the White House and the Department of State of the United States of America, and provided administrative and logistical support for those journalists.	0
Their availability for work can be such that it's, "A few hours today. 	1
Six information centres provided media relations and logistical support for major seminars held on the question of Palestine.	0
You're going to have a busy lunchtime rush. 	1
The Committee believes that, as humankind prepares to enter the new millennium, it is incumbent upon the co-sponsors of the peace process, the Security Council and the international community as a whole to do everything within their power to achieve peace and reconciliation in the Middle East, which is so essential for international peace and security.	0
The Committee is also planning to convene a Bethlehem 2000 international conference in Rome in early 1999.	0
1 Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirty-first Session, Supplement No. 35 (A/31/35).	0
So she might have a sofa bed in her front room that she would like to let out. 	1
The list was adopted by the Council in its resolution 1191 (1998) of 27 August 1998 and was formally conveyed to the President of the General Assembly by letter dated 27 August 1998 from the President of the Security Council (A/52/1023).	0
There is a precedent for technology-enabled service that has been initiated by politicians in multiple countries and has been hugely successful: national lotteries. 	1
So I'm going to let all of you control this game using your voices. 	1
Editor of the statute-book of Finland, Finlands lag, 1961-1974. Húgo Aníbal LLANOS MANSILLA	0
So then, each time the big fish eats the little fish, he will increment the score, and the score will go up by one. 	1
None of the glamour that you see today existed. 	1
1997 UNCTAD Expert Meeting on Existing Agreements on Investments and their Development Dimensions.	0
By elevating to a higher socio-economic level, they also change their diet. 	1
1991-1993 On the OAS Working Group responsible for the drafting of the OAS Inter-American Convention on Legal Assistance in Criminal Matters.	0
The limited number of farmers that we have have been pushed out of their farming practices as a result of open market policy and bringing the big competitions, etc., etc. 	1
1974 At Group of 77 on the Law of the Sea, Nairobi.	0
I guess most of you by now realize that we do: 300 days of sun. 	1
1993 To the Graduate School of International Studies in Geneva. The Law of the Sea.	0
And as a chemist, one of the things I wanted to ask my research group a couple of years ago is, could we make a really cool universal chemistry set? 	1
1991 Presentation on the work of the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights to:	0
Now what would this mean, and how would we do it? 	1
Counsellor and later promoted to Minister in the Permanent Mission of Ecuador to the United Nations, 1959-1964.	0
This has really invigorated me day-to-day, when I wake up, to try and do something interesting with my day. 	1
Arreglo de controversias según el derecho del mar (Settlement of disputes according to the law of the sea) (1989).	0
The French E.U. official in charge of the funding rushed to block the painting. 	1
Grand Cross of the Gwanghwa Order of Merit for Diplomatic Service of Korea.	0
To the first question, 63 percent of people said yes, we like it. 	1
Author of ca 150 publications in Poland and abroad.	0
You can see it for yourself. There are colors, streetlights, new pavement with no potholes, trees. So it's beautiful; it's safe." 	1
International organizations have invested a lot in Albania during these 20 years, not all of it well spent. 	1
Major appointments and tasks carried out during this period:	0
Look at how the world looked in the 1960s, who had completed high school. 	1
Signed and tendered legal opinion thereon at the conclusion of the negotiations.	0
And that tells you that better degrees don't automatically translate into better skills and better jobs and better lives. 	1
Association Internationale de Droit Pénal	0
These countries have moved on from providing excellence for just some to providing excellence for all, a very important lesson. 	1
9. Traditional practices harmful to women and the girl child were addressed within the context of a number of United Nations world conferences which took place during this decade.	0
They took up the challenge, and Korea was able to double the proportion of students achieving excellence in one decade in the field of reading. 	1
The report of the Working Group was submitted to the Commission on Human Rights at its forty-second session, in 1986.49	0
High-performing systems also share clear and ambitious standards across the entire spectrum. 	1
28. UNICEF has addressed issues such as female genital mutilation, female infanticide, selective abortion, devi and devadasi in India and Nepal, early marriage, food taboos and other traditional harmful practices.	0
In addition, in its guidelines on the protection of refugee women,74 UNHCR notes that “women may also flee their country because of severe sexual discrimination, either by official bodies or in local communities”.	0
UNHCR acknowledges, in its document entitled Sexual Violence against Refugees: Guidelines on Prevention and Response,75 the statement by the Special Rapporteur on violence against women that traditional practices, including female genital mutilation, should be construed as a definite form of violence against women.	0
Then predictions can be made and tested. 	1
UNHCR has encouraged countries to consider that persecution faced by women because of perceived transgressions of social mores should be recognized as grounds for refugee status.	0
We're actually really lucky that this works, because no one really knows why the thoughts in our heads should actually relate to the fundamental workings of the universe. 	1
Guidelines on Gender Issues for Decision Makers, issued by the Australian Government in 1996,92 recognized that female genital mutilation may constitute persecution in particular circumstances.	0
The study went viral on the Internet and it attracted a lot of attention from the international media. 	1
52. The establishment and/or the strengthening of a concrete mechanism within a Government for the implementation of national policies, including effective legal measures for the elimination of all forms of harmful traditional practices, are crucial to the creation of a conducive environment for the enforcement of legal measures and the organization of broad-based coordinated public education and awareness-raising programmes.	0
In particular, Governments should review their national laws to ensure that women and girls are not adversely affected in this context by the coexistence and interaction of customary, religious and general laws.	0
Quite apart from its originality, the approach is a constructive one in that it takes into account the need to improve the living conditions of the population through the implementation of small carefully designed local projects with popular participation.	0
6. Since 8 June 1997, President Préval has been faced with an impasse in the Parliament, which on two occasions has refused to approve the nomination of the prime minister-designate.	0
So I travel the globe, and what I'm noticing is that everywhere where romanticism has entered, there seems to be a crisis of desire. 	1
Because therein lies the mystery of eroticism. 	1
14. Although the National Police has made considerable progress during the past two years, the many human rights violations committed by its agents remain cause for concern.	0
This new organ, under the authority of the Director-General of the Haitian National Police, allegedly conducts itself in a corporatist manner reminiscent of the troops of the former Haitian armed forces.	0
But then the second group is even more interesting. 	1
– 32 cases involving drugs, of which 15 have been reviewed;	0
Caretaking is mightily loving. It's a powerful anti-aphrodisiac. 	1
That in no way, however, diminishes all that remains to be done to strengthen the National Police and to cultivate a rapport between this arm of the justice system and the population it serves.	0
This concept naturally comprises the technical role of the police force, and the recognized need to maintain order and to crack down on crimes and offences.	0
Is it a place where you can express your infantile wishes? 	1
But no, in our mind up there are a host of things going on that we don't always know how to bring to the person that we love, because we think love comes with selflessness and in fact desire comes with a certain amount of selfishness in the best sense of the word: the ability to stay connected to one's self in the presence of another. 	1
The forms of violence which affect women and, in particular, young girls, are domestic and sexual in nature; they also affect disabled women.	0
The third child doesn't really come back. 	1
In other words, the victim is presumed to be at fault and responsible for the harm done to her.	0
So in this dilemma about reconciling these two sets of fundamental needs, there are a few things that I've come to understand erotic couples do. 	1
In reality, sensitivity to the rights of women as human rights should be incorporated into all levels of the educational system.	0
Erotic couples also understand that passion waxes and wanes. 	1
They have suffered for too long from the policies of politicians and are demanding to take their destiny into their own hands.	0
You understood exactly what I just said in English. 	1
Now suppose that that visceral difference makes you subtly dissociate the future from the present every time you speak. 	1
Item 5. Letter dated 11 July 1960 from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Cuba addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/4378).	0
Would you happen to have a hallway that's more than 10 meters long? 	1
Now effectively everything I'm going to tell you from now on is only comparing these basically nearly identical families. 	1
Letter dated 1 September 1983 from the Permanent Observer for the Republic of Korea to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15948);	0
Letter dated 2 September 1983 from the Acting Permanent Representative of Australia to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/15951).	0
Yes, because I just told you, we actually collect a lot of health data as economists. 	1
Item 29. Letter dated 4 February 1986 from the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/17787).	0
Smoking is in some deep sense negative savings. 	1
Item 30. Letter dated 15 April 1986 from the Chargé d’affaires a.i. of the Permanent Mission of the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/17991);	0
If savings is current pain in exchange for future pleasure, smoking is just the opposite. 	1
Letter dated 12 July 1992 from the Minister for Foreign Affairs of Croatia addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24265);	0
The idea is, let's have some sensors that listen to these storms, this electrical firing, and see if you can, in the same time that it takes for this storm to leave the brain and reach the legs or the arms of an animal -- about half a second -- let's see if we can read these signals, extract the motor messages that are embedded in it, translate it into digital commands 	1
Item 74. Oral report of the Secretary-General on the United Nations Angola Verification Mission (UNAVEM II).	0
And these objects are visually identical, but when the avatar crosses the surface of these objects, they send an electrical message that is proportional to the microtactile texture of the object that goes back directly to the monkey's brain, informing the brain what it is the avatar is touching. 	1
Item 82. Letter dated 18 December 1992 from the Secretary-General addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/24996).	0
This is a complete liberation of the brain from the physical constraints of the body and the motor in a perceptual task. 	1
8. Letter dated 3 December 1971 from the Permanent Representatives of Algeria, Iraq, the Libyan Arab Republic and the People’s Democratic Republic of Yemen to the United Nations addressed to the President of the Security Council (S/10409).	0
As fast as we can reset our computers, the brain activity shifts to start representing this new tool, as if this too was a part of that primate's body. 	1
11. Complaint by Iraq concerning incidents on its frontier with Iran (S/11216).	0
45. Complaint by Ukraine regarding the decree of the Supreme Soviet of the Russian Federation concerning Sevastopol.	0
73. United Nations peacekeeping: Dag Hammarskjöld Medal.	0
It's a ceremony. People are enjoying it. 	1
For the population as a whole, dislocation and disruption of families are not the only consequences of the disaster.	0
And he told me, "Well, what do you mean, you want to go? 	1
Source: Caribbean Development Bank, annual economic report for Montserrat, 1992; and Caribbean Development Bank country data: Montserrat, February 1998.	0
I got a scholarship but I needed to get myself here. 	1
Several homes in the north have also been converted into offices, shops and restaurants, further compounding the prevailing pressures on housing and shelter.	0
The first thing he sees when he opens his door is, it's me. 	1
However, as a result of the rapidly evolving situation and the changing priorities following the June 1997 eruption, a request for postponement of its adoption was made to the Executive Board by UNDP.	0
I learned that my mom had a right to own property. 	1
The details of that support have been finalized by UNDP, in close consultations with the UNDP country office in Barbados and the Governments of Montserrat and the United Kingdom.	0
The strategy is intended to serve the purpose of drawing greater attention to the country’s plight.	0
And the reason they wanted the school for girls is because when a girl is raped when she's walking to school, the mother is blamed for that. 	1
There are signs of a small but tangible increase in population levels, signalling the start of a significant new chapter in the country’s post-emergency development.	0
I want you to meet one of the girls in that school. 	1
The country’s NCC status, small population size and legal status with the United Kingdom, moreover, have all constrained efforts by UNDP over the last 12 months to allocate resources in excess of the limited allocations that have already been made from SPR and TRAC 1.1.3 funding.	0
A transformation had begun in her life. 	1
In view of its financial limitations, emphasis will have to be placed by UNDP, as the main United Nations system partner of the Government, on providing access for the country to the technical expertise and knowledge available throughout the United Nations system in a future cooperation programme.	0
Now she's the best student, not just in our school, but in the entire division that we are in. 	1
The annual natural growth rate is estimated at 3.1 per cent, but the actual population growth rate for the past decade has been 5 per cent.	0
 Now, David and Hidehiko and Ketaki gave a very compelling story about the similarities between fruit flies and humans, and there are many similarities, and so you might think that if humans are similar to fruit flies, the favorite behavior of a fruit fly might be this, for example --  but in my talk, I don't want to emphasize on the similarities between humans and fruit flies, but rather the differences, 	1
The total number of refugees and displaced persons is not known, but estimates range from 100,000 to 150,000.	0
And so I want to show you a high-speed video sequence of a fly shot at 7,000 frames per second in infrared lighting, and to the right, off-screen, is an electronic looming predator that is going to go at the fly. 	1
Moreover, the armed conflicts in the north of the country have caused physical damage to the health infrastructure.	0
13. The democratic process initiated in Djibouti after the signature of the peace agreement with the rebels has led to a new political system with many parties running for election.	0
The implementation of the programme has just begun.	0
Yes, the inequality goes in this direction, or I would posit it. 	1
The initiative supported the construction and equipping of two schools in peri-urban areas where the majority of war-displaced people live.	0
You can let the fly play a little video game by letting it fly around in a visual display. 	1
The Programme, for which $350,000 is available in 1998/99, has already started in districts of Djibouti and Dikhil and will be initiated in the coming months in the district of Tadjourah and later extended to the whole country.	0
The green trace at the bottom is the membrane potential of a neuron in the fly's brain, and you'll see the fly start to fly, and the fly is actually controlling the rotation of that visual pattern itself by its own wing motion, and you can see this visual interneuron respond to the pattern of wing motion as the fly flies. 	1
I should like to request you to have this letter circulated as an official document of the General Assembly, under item 55 of the provisional agenda.	0
They turned to a cutting-edge program called agile development that was just spreading from manufacturers in Japan to startups in Silicon Valley. 	1
Companies followed the waterfall method, right, in which executives issued orders that slowly trickled down to programmers below, and no one had ever consulted the programmers. 	1
UNIFEM’s work in bringing people from Government, United Nations agencies, trade organizations and non-governmental organizations together to explore this topic is being synthesized in a series of monographs focusing on the gender impact of regional trading practices.	0
I met a celebrity chef in New Orleans who said, "No problem, I'll just time-shift family dinner. 	1
30. UNIFEM worked with SADC to address the issue of women being vastly under-represented in development activities and policies in the 14 States that make up SADC.	0
UNIFEM addresses that situation by strengthening women’s capacity to advocate for themselves, influence the peace process, and create new, ethical frameworks for governance and development during reconstruction.	0
Every minute above that, we have to do one pushup. 	1
42. Projects approved for funding by the Trust Fund address a range of different manifestations of violence against women, including domestic violence and traditional practices recognized as forms of violence against women, such as female genital mutilation and the practice of “honour killings” of women.	0
50. UNIFEM work on the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women focuses on increasing the number of women’s groups working on and monitoring the implementation of the Convention; promoting non-governmental organizations understanding of and efforts to lift or narrow reservations to the Convention; improving the legal and social status of women; and ensuring that women are better informed about their rights.	0
UNIFEM and IWRAW/Asia-Pacific convened a training team made up of experienced non-governmental organization advocates from Malaysia, the Philippines, Costa Rica and the United States of America.	0
56. UNIFEM strategy with regard to mainstreaming the human rights of women has been to play a facilitating role, using its position within the United Nations system as the operational fund for women to create opportunities for national and international non-governmental organizations, Governments and other United Nations agencies to gather and engage in a substantive dialogue on how best to implement the commitments made to women’s human rights in various international arenas.	0
Recent scholarship has allowed us, for the first time, to identify the building blocks that successful families have. 	1
61. The inter-agency campaign to eliminate violence against women in Latin America and the Caribbean (coordinated by UNIFEM), and the Trust Fund in Support of Actions to Eliminate All Forms of Violence Against Women (administered by UNIFEM) are examples of synergy that can be created through inter-agency collaboration.	0
Greatness is not a matter of circumstance. 	1
UNIFEM, for example, has secured inter-agency participation on programmes to collect data disaggregated by sex in South Asia and advocate for women’s land rights in East Africa.	0
They created a global computer made up of people. 	1
III. The exercise of civil and political rights	0
I published everywhere. I wrote down and measured everything, and I said, in nine months, a group of children left alone with a computer in any language will reach the same standard as an office secretary in the West. 	1
The same Law further provides for the detention to continue for a period not exceeding one year at a time up to a total of five years.	0
There has been a consistent pattern of NLD-elected representatives being taken to their respective police stations and being held there overnight – in some instances, for two nights.	0
I got the camera angle wrong. That one is just amateur stuff, but what she was saying, as you could make out, was about neurons, with her hands were like that, and she was saying neurons communicate. 	1
Such was reportedly the case for more than 15 representatives elected from various constituencies.	0
The authorities refused to let her proceed, and she refused to return to Yangon.	0
I said, "You won't believe the children who told me and where they're from." 	1
“The reports coming from Myanmar regarding the refusal of the military authorities to allow Aung San Suu Kyi to travel freely give cause for great concern.	0
You already heard about that. You know what that means. 	1
“I urge the Government of Myanmar to work with Mrs. Suu Kyi and her supporters to resolve the current standoff peacefully and quickly.	0
The way you would put it to a nine-year-old is to say, "If a meteorite was coming to hit the Earth, how would you figure out if it was going to or not?" 	1
Moreover, the authorities continue to refuse the International Committee of the Red cross (ICRC) access to prisons and places of detention.	0
So we need to design a future for learning. 	1
However, the Special Rapporteur has recently received additional information from a former detainee who, in May 1996, was serving the final year of a seven-year prison sentence in Insein Prison in a cell close to the one where Mr. James Leander Nichols spent his last days.	0
It's a facility which is practically unmanned. 	1
The political prisoners made two demands: that the ruling State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) treat them as political prisoners, and that it enter into a dialogue with the NLD to solve the country’s problems peacefully.	0
Well, I was introduced as the former Governor of Michigan, but actually I'm a scientist. 	1
They were reportedly prohibited from bathing for one month and were forced to cry and make admissions of guilt.	0
And Electrolux was going to go to Mexico. 	1
Conditions for porters are described as brutal, with forced marches over mountains with heavy loads.	0
The Commission’s mandate was to consider whether, and to what extent, the alleged violations existed or had existed and to make any recommendations it deemed appropriate.	0
My father worked at this factory," he said. 	1
First, the proceedings and report of the Commission of Inquiry of the ILO clearly indicate that the attitude of the regime in Myanmar towards the Commission was the same as that which the regime had adopted towards the Special Rapporteur, the Commission on Human Rights and the General Assembly – that is to say, an attitude of total non-cooperation, in violation of the obligations that Myanmar had freely undertaken under the Charter of the United Nations and relevant ILO Conventions.	0
Forty-eight governors competed, convincing 48 state legislatures to essentially raise standards for high schoolers so that they all take a college prep curriculum. 	1
Myint Than asked her about her parents and ordered his soldiers to wait at the edge of the farm and arrest anyone who came to the farm.	0
And imagine what might happen, because every region has something to offer. 	1
He then raped Nang Zarm Hawm in the hut several times during the day and at about 4 a.m. burned Nang Zarm Hawm in the hut, and left the place with his troops.	0
You might take states like Iowa and Ohio -- two very important political states, by the way -- those two governors, and they would say, we're going to lead the nation in producing the wind turbines and the wind energy. 	1
The last two resolutions also requested him to submit an interim report to the General Assembly (A/52/496).This report comprises information received up to 31 August 1998.1	0
I was like, "25,000, isn't that a lot?" 	1
These conclusions are basically the same as those of the preliminary report of the Special Rapporteur (E/CN.4/1997/6/Add.2) and the joint mission of the Commission on Human Rights (A/51/942 and E/CN.4/1998/64).	0
How did you make all these people pay for music?" 	1
Since the country was not required to submit reports to treaty monitoring bodies during the year, the status with respect to overdue reports indicated in the report contained in document E/CN.4/1998/65, paras. 12 to 18, remained unchanged.	0
25. The rebels established the Congolese Movement for Democracy; the leader was the former political prisoner Arthur Z’Ahibi Ngoma,4 but the members were overwhelmingly Tutsi. It later became the Rassemblement Congolais pour la démocratie (RCD).	0
It has not been able to establish any credibility.	0
Clearly, we have never understood what is causing desertification, which has destroyed many civilizations and now threatens us globally. 	1
The Chief of Staff continued to be a despised Rwandan Commander.	0
This picture is a typical seasonal grassland. 	1
Today, we have young women like this one teaching villages in Africa how to put their animals together into larger herds, plan their grazing to mimic nature, and where we have them hold their animals overnight -- we run them in a predator-friendly manner, because we have a lot of lands, and so on -- and where they do this and hold them overnight to prepare the crop fields, we are getting very great increases in crop yield as well. 	1
Some of those released remain under house arrest or their movements are restricted and they are required to report to the authorities or to stay away from certain places.	0
But before we began, our land looked like that. 	1
And there are fallen trees in there now, because the better land is now attracting elephants, etc. 	1
66. On 18 February, Judge Selemani, who had been ordered to execute a sentence against the Communal President of AFDL in Kimbanseke, Songo Titi Lambert, for offences against the Magistrature, was arrested by order of the Provincial President of AFDL, Kay Kumuimba. Two other magistrates were forced to go into hiding.	0
On 16 January the Minister of the Interior maintained that some people did not understand the liberation and were obstructing it by creating NGOs, which were actually banned political parties.	0
He threatened that anyone who violated the ban would be tried before the military courts.	0
Chris Anderson: Thank you. I have, and I'm sure everyone here has, A) a hundred questions, B) wants to hug you. 	1
It's also pretty quiet, but a bit noisier.  But most deep-diving ROVs these days use hydraulics and they sound like the Ventana.  I think that's got to be scaring a lot of animals away. 	1
It is estimated that around 10,000 children are in military service.	0
It's a scream for help, a last-ditch attempt for escape, and a common form of defense in the deep sea. 	1
Although it is not yet known what its role is, it can become an important factor in the protection and promotion of human rights.	0
They have no ideology; they sided with the Interahamwe against the invaders but when Kabila appointed Banande and Banianga in representative posts, they chose him over Mobutu.	0
I thought to myself, "What now? Where do I turn?" 	1
9 February, in Kimbanseke, Willy Tshunza and his fiancée Christine (a Nigerian).	0
One day, before I realized fat kids are not designed to climb trees, I fell out of a tree and bruised the right side of my body. 	1
On 23 May, in Yatoko, Eastern Province, members of PIR stole food and animals from residents.	0
But I want to tell them that all of this left over when we finally decide to smash all the things we thought we used to be, and if you can't see anything beautiful about yourself, get a better mirror, look a little closer, stare a little longer, because there's something inside you that made you keep trying despite everyone who told you to quit. 	1
Mbanzulu Pépé Bikandu (FONUS member): arrested on 7 February.	0
Meanwhile, for the same year, the average salary for the CEO of a $5 million-plus medical charity in the U.S. 	1
Violations of the right to freedom of association	0
and have a lifetime of this kind of power and influence and popular praise still ahead of them. 	1
Do you know how many people we would've gotten if we put up fliers in the laundromat? 	1
6. Following submission of that report and the Commission’s reiteration of its request for the Government of Nigeria to cooperate fully with requests by the Special Rapporteur to visit Nigeria, the Special Rapporteur sent four communications dated 28 May, 22 June, 1 July and 8 August 1998 to the Government requesting permission to visit Nigeria in discharge of his mandate.	0
Within just five years, we had multiplied that 554 times, into 194 million dollars after all expenses, for breast cancer research. 	1
Here's how all of this impacts the big picture. 	1
Having received no response, the Special Rapporteur is concerned by reports that several such persons still remain incarcerated.	0
Local council elections are to take place on 5 December 1998.	0
If you're a little bit unhappy, the corners of your mouth turn down and you sniffle, and if you're very unhappy, tears pour down your face and you might sob. 	1
According to reports by UNICEF, a marked reduction in school-age children attending school has resulted from drastically increased primary and secondary school fees.	0
So that means that these flies have two abnormalities, or phenotypes, as we geneticists call them, that one finds in ADHD: hyperactivity and learning disability. 	1
61. Despite the recommendations of the Secretary-General’s fact-finding mission and the decisions of the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights, no qualitative changes have been made in the composition of tribunals or the processes to be employed by them in order to conform to article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and article 7 of the African Charter.	0
It was hunted to death for its feathers. 	1
What if you could find out that, using the DNA in museum specimens, fossils maybe up to 200,000 years old could be used to bring species back, what would you do? Where would you start? 	1
78. Prison conditions should be redressed as a matter of urgency and international observers should be provided access to detention centres.	0
Now along the way, George points out that his technology, the technology of synthetic biology, is currently accelerating at four times the rate of Moore's Law. 	1
79. Steps should be taken to ensure full and equal enjoyment by women of the rights and freedoms guaranteed by the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women and their equal participation should be encouraged at all levels of political, social and economic life of the country.	0
Genetically, the band-tailed pigeon already is mostly living passenger pigeon. 	1
4 On 20 August, General Abubakar announced the membership of the new Federal Executive Council and assigned portfolios to individual ministers on 22 August.	0
But they're about to create what they call a Green List, and the Green List will have species that are doing fine, thank you, species that were endangered, like the bald eagle, but they're much better off now, thanks to everybody's good work, and protected areas around the world that are very, very well managed. 	1
Initial steps towards such a review had begun in October 1997 with an expert assessment of the work of the Field Operation, in consultation with the Government of Rwanda.2	0
Thank you so much for presenting. SB: Thank you. 	1
They turn a social network from virtual to actual, and kind of rebooted the 21st century. 	1
26. The Operation carried out activities in the area of promotion and human rights education through projects implemented jointly by the Operation and Rwandan partners.	0
It was fought for, it was campaigned for, it was innovated for. 	1
The number of detainees in central prisons was 81,213, while 43,770 (excluding military and sector-level civilian detention centres) were held in communal detention centres and gendarmerie brigades.	0
During those discussions, the parties were informed of MINURSO’s plan to open 12 centres, 9 of which would operate concurrently.	0
The Secretary-General pointed out in his report that such restrictions were not in line with the practices in United Nations peacekeeping operations, and could have a negative public relations impact on the peace process.	0
A UNHCR mission had visited Laayoune from 26 August to 4 September 1998 to continue discussions with the Special Representative on a number of issues for coordination purposes.	0
So for a few hours, it all passed through China. 	1
5. On 24 June 1998, I held a working meeting with the Minister of Defence of Gabon, who headed a Committee Bureau delegation requesting United Nations support for a Committee proposal to organize joint military exercises aimed at increasing the capacity of countries members of the Committee to participate in peacekeeping operations.	0
21. I strongly encourage all countries members of the Committee to implement the principles and measures contained in the Bata Declaration, which they adopted unanimously, in order to promote lasting democracy, peace and development in Central Africa (see document A/53/258, annex II, appendix I).	0
One is that, even if you take the same source fuel and produce power at the power plant and use it to charge electric cars, you're still better off. 	1
Their decision to allocate funding to these organizations in order to strengthen their activities should be supported.	0
So in effect, even after you've taken transmission loss into account and everything, even using the same source fuel, you're at least twice as better off charging an electric car, then burning it at the power plant. 	1
To that end, I strongly urge countries which have not yet done so to sign the Non-Aggression Pact adopted by the Committee, and I invite all countries members to ratify it as quickly as possible.	0
I think that's really a profound difference, and people only experience that when they have a test drive. 	1
3. Pursuant to paragraph 10 of resolution 52/165, IAEA was invited to assist the Ad Hoc Committee in its deliberations and its representatives participated in the Committee’s second session.	0
So it's common -- don't expect to be out of here in 10 minutes. 	1
9. The Ad Hoc Committee held a general exchange of views at its 5th and 6th meetings, on 17 and 18 February 1998.	0
10. At its 6th meeting, the Ad Hoc Committee decided to conduct its work in the form of a working group of the whole.	0
For you, the dream here then is that -- I mean, who owns the electricity from those panels for the longer term? 	1
The point was made, however, that for it to be fully effective, the proposed convention should establish a clear and precise definition of the offences to be covered as well as a proper delimitation of its scope of application.	0
You're kind of building a new type of distributed utility. 	1
EM: Right, so the big innovation— CA: In fact, let's roll that video and you can talk us through it, what's happening here. 	1
(b) For the purposes set forth in subparagraph (a), the receipt or alienation without the permission of the competent authorities or through fraud, theft, forcible seizure, appropriation, possession, alteration or the transfer of any nuclear material, nuclear fuel, radioactive products or waste, or any other radioactive substances, any nuclear installations, nuclear explosive or radiation-dissemination devices and components thereof or objects of which they are components belonging to any of the States Parties regardless of their location, as well as acts constituting a demand by threat or use of force or by any other form of intimidation for the release or transfer of such material, sources, substances, installations or devices and/or components thereof or objects of which they are components;	0
The space shuttle was an attempt at a reusable rocket, but even the main tank of the space shuttle was thrown away every time, and the parts that were reusable took a 10,000-person group nine months to refurbish for flight. 	1
2. Exchanging information in the manner and conditions provided for under article 11 of this Convention and coordinating administrative and other measures taken to prevent the commission of such offences;	0
We dressed a cowboy as Johnny Cash and bolted the mannequin to the rocket.  CA: All right, let's see that video then, because this is actually amazing when you think about it. 	1
2. Any person in respect of whom proceedings are being carried out in connection with any of the offences set forth in article 1, paragraph 1, of this Convention shall be guaranteed fair treatment at all stages of the proceedings, including enjoyment of all the rights and guarantees provided for such proceedings under the legislation of the State in the territory of which that person is present.	0
1. States parties shall exchange information in order to prevent, suppress, uncover and investigate the offences set forth in article 1, paragraph 1, of this Convention and also in order to institute criminal proceedings against and punish persons guilty of committing those crimes.	0
(c) When becoming party to this Convention, such an organization shall communicate to the depositary a declaration indicating which States are members thereof and which articles of this Convention do not apply to it;	0
Is it going to land where it's supposed to? 	1
But it's taken a long time to get there. 	1
Written amendments and proposals submitted by delegations	0
It's called Hutchinson-Gilford progeria, and it is the most dramatic form of premature aging. 	1
These substances include materials, objects, instruments, equipment and products of biological origin containing nuclides whose concentrations or activities exceed those established by the standards of the competent State authorities;	0
Sam is 15 years old. His parents, Scott Berns and Leslie Gordon, both physicians, are here with us this morning as well. 	1
(b) Causing substantial damage to property or the environment;	0
SB: Well, research on progeria has come so far in less than 15 years, and that just shows the drive that researchers can have to get this far, and it really means a lot to myself and other kids with progeria, and it shows that if that drive exists, anybody can cure any disease, and hopefully progeria can be cured in the near future, and so we can eliminate those 4,000 diseases that Francis was talking about. 	1
I was in the third year of my seven-year undergraduate degree. 	1
Additionally, it includes cases where the conduct is likely to cause serious damage to the environment.	0
If we can design the invisible ecosystems in our surroundings, this opens a path to influencing our health in unprecedented ways. 	1
As paragraph 2 (b) already covers preparatory acts, subparagraph (d) refers only to the offence described in subparagraph (a).	0
This means that people in my group were doing a lot of vacuuming during this project. 	1
“(a) Killing or seriously wounding another person, or causing substantial damage to the environment or property”.	0
The way that you look at this data is, first, look around the outside of the circle. 	1
16. Proposal submitted by the Republic of Korea (A/AC.252/1998/WP.16)	0
Another facet of how microbes get around is by people, and designers often cluster rooms together to facilitate interactions among people, or the sharing of ideas, like in labs and in offices. 	1
“2. A State Party may also establish its jurisdiction over any such offence when:	0
I'm going to talk about the strategizing brain. 	1
So you want to be a little bit below the average number, but not too far below, and everyone else wants to be a little bit below the average number as well. 	1
Add the following paragraphs to the preamble:	0
Your intuition might tell you that too. 	1
That is, it looks as if the uninformed brain activity is happening first, and then it's followed by activity in the informed brain. 	1
There was also a proposal to make specific reference to the Purposes of maintaining international peace and security and strengthening friendly relations and cooperation among States (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.24).	0
And by the way, these were trials where their deals were made. 	1
It was suggested that the structure provided by the 1997 International Convention for the Suppression of Terrorist Bombings should be followed (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.13).	0
Obviously there's a big training effect, as you can imagine. 	1
(n) To divide the present article into two articles, the first covering the scope of the Convention and the second giving the definitions; and to redraft the first paragraph of present article 1 (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.25);	0
He had a bold idea that -- what he called the cognitive trade-off hypothesis. 	1
(o) To add at the end of subparagraph (b) of article 1 reference to illegal dumping of nuclear waste at sea or on the territory of other countries, as well as transporting such waste transnationally (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.32/Rev.1); or reference to illegal dumping of radioactive wastes or radioactive substance on high seas or inland (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.12);	0
We know chimps are faster and stronger. 	1
Divergent views were expressed concerning the inclusion of a specific provision on environmental damage.	0
None of them are close to where the chimps are. 	1
So here are some things we learned today. 	1
The suggestion was made to replace the draft ancillary offences with the text of article 2 (3) of the Terrorist Bombings Convention.	0
The suggestion was also made that a new paragraph should be added to the article, modelled on article 6, paragraph 3 of the same Convention (ibid.).	0
58. With respect to article 8, paragraph 2, the proposal was made to insert an additional paragraph modelled on it (see A/AC.252/1998/WP.34 and WP.35).	0
No sensible reform, and we cannot afford a world, a future, with no sensible reform. 	1
There was also the view that subparagraphs (a) and (b) of the article should be included in the working document in lieu of its articles 4 and 11.	0
So it's fair to ask, how is it possible for them to change this? 	1
1. Reiterating the commitment enshrined in the Charter of the United Nations to save succeeding generations from the scourge of war,	0
Back in 1995, we got a new wing next to the museum. 	1
3. The Director-General referred in particular to the draft declaration and programme of action that was before the General Assembly, informed his colleagues of activities being undertaken and/or envisaged by UNESCO in order to promote the culture of peace, inviting their collaboration, and stressed the importance of mobilizing the international community and Member States during the International Year for the Culture of Peace, which the General Assembly had proclaimed for the year 2000 (see Assembly resolution 52/15 of 20 November 1997).	0
The intent to strengthen multilateralism as an expression of the unity that guides our efforts to reinforce the principles and accomplish the purposes enshrined in the Charter of the Organization of American States;	0
So today we're going to show you one example of how you can use this. 	1
2. Considers the International Year as a propitious occasion to substitute the culture of war and violence which characterized the last millennium of human history with a culture of peace by promoting values, attitudes and behaviours which constitute the foundations thereof;	0
And if people were just trying to be happy, the moment they would get to the top, they would say, "This was a terrible mistake. 	1
12. The nations of South-East Asia, bound together by centuries of history and culture, have made significant progress in the last three decades to found a prosperous and peaceful community in the framework of ASEAN.	0
Every night he was enjoying his work, he was staying late, he was perfecting this PowerPoint presentation. 	1
The evolution of the Commonwealth itself attests to the expanded role of the association to deal more effectively with the growing challenges and complex issues facing member States.	0
Now we had another version of this experiment. 	1
Several countries have joined or returned to the association in recent years, and still others wish to join.	0
In this other version of the experiment, we didn't put people in this situation, we just described to them the situation, much as I am describing to you now, and we asked them to predict what the result would be. 	1
The Commonwealth fully endorses and supports the United Nations decision that the year 2000 be declared the International Year for the Culture of Peace in order to promote peace and non-violence.	0
I can't tell you who they were, but they were a big company in Seattle. 	1
So now this was tougher. What happened? 	1
The Economic and Social Council devoted the coordination segment of its substantive session of 1998 to the coordinated follow-up to and implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (see Council decision 1998/208).	0
The Secretary-General and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights launched in 1994 and 1997 campaigns to that end by sending letters to all heads of State, prime ministers and foreign ministers.	0
In three dimensions, we did a project last year at TEDGlobal with Autodesk and Arthur Olson where we looked at autonomous parts -- so individual parts not pre-connected that can come together on their own. 	1
A trend can be noted towards broadening the area of international consensus in human rights matters, also regarding some issues which in the past prompted strong controversies.	0
So today for the first time, we're unveiling a new project, which is a collaboration with Stratasys, and it's called 4D printing. 	1
22. A matter of particular concern are cases of inadequate or missing cooperation on the part of some Governments with the human rights machinery.	0
A single strand dipped in water that completely self-folds on its own into the letters M I T. 	1
Numerous examples mentioned in the High Commissioner’s reports to the General Assembly and the Commission on Human Rights illustrate progress in the development of cooperation between the United Nations and regional organizations of Africa, the Americas and Europe.	0
And we think there's a few key sectors that have fairly near-term applications. 	1
Non-governmental organizations are an important source of information for the United Nations human rights machinery.	0
So this isn't expensive pumps or valves. 	1
Five years after the call by the World Conference for its speedy completion and adoption (Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action, sect. II, para. 94), the draft declaration on the right and responsibility of individuals, groups and organs of society to promote and protect universally recognized human rights and fundamental freedoms has been submitted for final adoption by the General Assembly.	0
At the same time, respect for and observance of human rights is a precondition of sustainable development and democracy (see also chap. XII below).	0
I was the kind of kid who was always bugging Mom and Dad with whatever great fact I had just read about -- Haley's comet or giant squids or the size of the world's biggest pumpkin pie or whatever it was. 	1
This is not just the responsibility of public officials – all members of society should contribute to that end.	0
There was a big Watson logo in the middle of the stage. 	1
41. Many States have strengthened the ability of women to exercise their rights.	0
And I remember standing there behind the podium as I could hear that little insectoid thumb clicking. 	1
From domestic violence to brutalization in war, from harmful traditional practices to outright female infanticide, the status quo remains intolerable.	0
I read the other day about a program where you feed it a box score from a baseball or football game and it spits out a news article as if a human had watched the game and was commenting on it. 	1
47. Further worldwide efforts to improve the situation of women are necessary.	0
The advantage of volume, first, just has to do with the complexity of the world nowadays. 	1
50. Achievements at the national level also include the creation of institutions set up specifically for the protection of children, such as ombudspersons for children; civil liberties commissions for the rights of the child; national programmes on the rights of the child, as well as child welfare societies; and the establishment of municipal youth councils.	0
If we have those facts at our mental fingertips, we're going to be able to make informed decisions. 	1
It reaffirms their unique contribution to the development and plurality of society (sect. I, para. 20; and sect. II, paras. 28-32).	0
I don't want to be the last trivia know-it-all sitting on a mountain somewhere, reciting to himself the state capitals and the names of "Simpsons" episodes and the lyrics of Abba songs. 	1
In some cases, specific grievances and disputes have been mediated or are in the process of mediation.	0
It's always a terminator or a matrix or an astronaut getting sucked out an airlock in "2001." 	1
To date, no clear consensus has emerged on the terms of reference for such a forum.	0
Several new constitutions ensure the protection of minorities.	0
While encouraged by the number of responses received to a questionnaire sent to Governments, the group noted that more than one third of the States responding to the questionnaire expressly recognized the existence of problems of prejudice, xenophobia or racial discrimination against migrants in their respective countries.	0
But the most important thing about Romo is that we wanted to create something that was literally completely intuitive. 	1
74. Five years after the World Conference, the Special Rapporteur on the question of torture stated his disappointment at the high incidence of torture in many countries, while noting that it has substantially diminished in some, notably where United Nations field operations are in place pursuant to a peace agreement (see E/CN.4/1998/38).	0
The future of personal robotics is happening today, and it's going to depend on small, agile robots like Romo and the creativity of people like yourselves. 	1
OHCHR teams based in 22 Member States allow for an unprecedented level of sustained human rights support to project partners.	0
And somehow I said, "You know, you guys are hypocrites. 	1
And then all of a sudden I began thinking about the dogs and the fire hoses, and I got really scared, I really did. 	1
Some countries have adopted comprehensive plans of action for human rights education and established national committees to coordinate activities in this area.	0
And the real question is, what lessons did we learn? 	1
This has significantly enhanced support for national human rights initiatives.	0
And what made that institutional founding especially important is that Maryland is the South, as you know, and, quite frankly, it was the first university in our state founded at a time when students of all races could go there. 	1
In these processes, which connect human rights, governance and rule of law issues, assistance from the United Nations system is of paramount importance.	0
And so, the real question is, what is the challenge? 	1
The international community must commit itself to providing the tools to avert the vicious cycle: violations of human rights lead to conflict, which results in new violations, and soon.	0
Students are not taught to work in groups. 	1
The contributions of all actors are needed in this integrated effort: Governments and international organizations, as well as civil society, including non-governmental organizations, academic institutions, community initiatives and the media, all have vital roles to play.	0
He's not taking notes. We need to talk to him." 	1
And it's working so well that throughout our university system in Maryland, more and more courses are being redesigned. 	1
The international community must summon the will to adequately respond to current challenges and those that lie ahead.	0
And then he said something that gives me goosebumps. 	1
Take control of your health and get on with your life." 	1
In volume terms, purely private debt accounted for two thirds of the increase and public and publicly guaranteed debt for approximately one third.	0
Based on the other images we have, I'm really happy how it looks today. 	1
Resources were thus available for major debt reduction operations.	0
Legacy trained us on how to do care for me at home so that they could offload the hospitals and clinics. 	1
23. In 1997, activity within the Paris Club moderated, with the conclusion of fewer debt restructuring agreements as compared with earlier years: seven countries in 1997 against 15 in 1996 and 18 in 1995.	0
The technologies that are coming, high-performance computing, analytics, big data that everyone's talking about, will allow us to build predictive models for each of us as individual patients. 	1
At the end of the second stage (the completion point), multilateral debt relief proper would be extended provided that the debtor country had met the relevant performance criteria.	0
And it's in that spirit that I want to introduce you to one last friend, very quickly. 	1
There is certainly a need to strengthen HIPCs’ capacity to undertake such an analysis and appraise the implications of debt relief, and to elaborate future financing and borrowing strategies in the context of their overall macroeconomic policy and development objectives.	0
I'd like you to come back with me for a moment to the 19th century, specifically to June 24, 1833. 	1
As of April 1998, 15 bilateral donors have made contributions or pledges to the World Bank HIPC Trust Fund of more than $200 million.	0
After this, they were scientists, professionals with a particular scientific method, goals, societies and funding. 	1
37. The need to give a stronger impetus to the HIPC initiative was recognized by the Chancellor of the Exchequer of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland at the Commonwealth Finance Ministers’ meeting in September 1997.	0
And Whewell not only coined the term scientist, as well as the words anode, cathode and ion, but spearheaded international big science with his global research on the tides. 	1
Bosnia and Herzegovina concluded an agreement to restructure $1.3 billion debt of commercial banks under the aegis of the London Club: interest arrears were forgiven, while eligible principal of $400 million was exchanged for $400 million of uncollateralized bonds, also allowing repayments to be linked to the country’s economic performance.	0
It made me wish to add my might to the accumulated store of natural knowledge." 	1
The paths taken to the eventual solution of the debt problems are surprisingly diverse.	0
I mean, this nautical almanac published the lunar differences for every month of the year. 	1
Each month required 1,365 calculations, so these tables were filled with mistakes. 	1
And he does that every day, and every day, probably, that guy in the picture walks on by, because he sees that little boy, but he doesn't see him. 	1
The refinancing agreements were to be completed by March 1998 but would be voluntary on the part of creditors.	0
But she wasn't alone that day, because 4,000 other children died of diarrhea, and they do every day. 	1
We know, because in the mid-19th century, wonderful Victorian engineers installed systems of sewers and wastewater treatment and the flush toilet, and disease dropped dramatically. 	1
The two programmes were criticized for ignoring the need to settle the debt crisis.	0
But then you look at that already minuscule water and sanitation budget, and 75 to 90 percent of it will go on clean water supply, which is great; we all need water. 	1
The plan takes effect from 1 August 1998, and is centred around a new institution, the Indonesian Debt Restructuring Agency (INDRA).	0
So if you met an educationalist and said, "I can improve education attendance rates by 25 percent with just one simple thing," you'd make a lot of friends in education. 	1
That situation is not likely to change in the foreseeable future since the international creditor community attaches importance to the role that IMF is playing in two respects:	0
She gets a dose of healthy human feces, and the cure rate for this procedure is 94 percent. 	1
Furthermore, too much burden is put on the official sector in providing bail-out finance for private creditors without sufficiently involving the latter in an equitable burden-sharing arrangement.	0
So you'd be thinking by now, okay, the solution's simple, we give everyone a toilet. 	1
The calendar of implementation seems to indicate that at most three countries will be considered each year.	0
We need to understand software as well as just giving someone hardware. 	1
There seems, however, to be some convergence of views that a policy of lending into arrears potentially provides IMF and the official community with the opportunity to manage crises by signalling confidence in the debtor country’s policies and longer-term prospects.	0
Her entire life, she'd been using the banana field behind, but she installed the latrine in a few hours. 	1
At the same time, suspension of payments will lower the immediate foreign exchange requirements and reduce considerably the size of a rescue package.	0
80. In the case of bonds, there exists no framework for an orderly renegotiation of those debt securities.	0
 But most importantly, what they have done in Japan, which I find so inspirational, is they've brought the toilet out from behind the locked door. 	1
4 Most of the time, the rescheduling terms assumed by IMF financing projections are endorsed by Paris Club creditors, leaving very little room for the debtor country to negotiate during its meeting with Paris Club creditors.	0
Moreover, during several informal consultations on the development account, the view was repeatedly expressed that project proposals should contain measurable indicators of progress.	0
Here we're talking about traffic jams, or sometimes detours, or sometimes problems with just the way that things are connected and the way that the brain functions. 	1
However, many developing countries are still at the margin of the global economy, and will be unable to participate in it positively without a significant enhancement of their ability to connect to major international information networks.	0
We wait until the behavior becomes manifest. 	1
27. The implementation of the project will result in the strengthening of a network of development expertise on Africa with and among research centres and individual experts, and enhanced analytical and applied skills at the national policy-making level in support of economic and social policy-making.	0
(h) Developing research methodology expertise in the network.	0
For decision makers in developing countries and countries with economies in transition, the absence of access to a high-speed telecommunication system is a serious obstacle to obtaining internationally available information and data.	0
It seemed that we could be nothing more than genes and experience, but how to tease out the one from the other? 	1
The proposal aims to provide selected developing countries and countries with economies in transition with the basic Mercure satellite telecommunication earth stations and the associated local area network capacity (optional) with a view to strengthening their capabilities to access and exchange environmental and sustainable development information and data.	0
I'd been driving for an hour when I looked in my rearview mirror and saw my own brightening glance. 	1
The Habitat Agenda calls for Governments to further strengthen and/or establish broad-based participatory national committees.	0
Abed then showed me a picture of his mashed truck, and said that the crash was the fault of a bus driver in the left lane who did not let him pass. 	1
(c) Organization of four subregional training and transfer workshops: two in Africa, one in Latin America and one in Asia; these workshops are to be preceded by three regional Internet conferences to assess and match supply with demand for expertise and experience.	0
He'd lived an unholy life before the crash, and so God had ordained the crash, but now, he said, he was religious, and God was pleased. 	1
59. Under the overall objective of assisting the understanding by the international community of emerging challenges and persistent problems in global development, the objective proposed is to increase the involvement of developing countries research institutions in global policy analysis, particularly in the examination of emerging issues and critical trends in economic, social and environmental fields.	0
And so 27 violations -- driving through a red light, driving at excessive speed, driving on the wrong side of a barrier, and finally, riding his brakes down that hill -- reduced to one. 	1
(b) Upgrade economic and social databases in developing countries and improve access of their research institutions to global databases;	0
I wished to tell him that what makes most of us who we are most of all is not our minds and not our bodies and not what happens to us, but how we respond to what happens to us. "This," wrote the psychiatrist Viktor Frankl, "is the last of the human freedoms: to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances." 	1
(c) Continued support and methodological development of the core list of indicators of sustainable development, in close cooperation with the 22 testing countries, and capacity-building in those countries for fully implementing the indicators programme;	0
When I was 14 years old, I had low self-esteem. 	1
(e) Provision of assistance to developing countries in the area of indicators of sustainable development, through regional and subregional expert consultations to address technical issues and problems, identify solutions, and overcome bottlenecks and trouble spots;	0
(i) Organization of six expert group meetings (of 20 participants each) to exchange experience regarding the monitoring of and reporting on national efforts to implement the Copenhagen Declaration and the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development, and identification of obstacles to effective implementation and monitoring of progress;	0
Capacity-building and networking for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda in least developed countries (Habitat)	0
I realized society didn't value my passion. 	1
Research network for global policy analysis (Department of Economic and Social Affairs)	0
I felt my passion, heart and soul, had left my body. 	1
So we now know how to find these troublemakers and tell them, "Gentlemen, that's enough. 	1
DPI Department of Public Information DPKO Department of Peace-keeping Operations	0
We're able to drive down area 25, down to a more normal level, the frontal lobes of the brain, and indeed we're seeing very striking results in these patients with severe depression. 	1
UNESCO United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization	0
At the P-5 level, for example, the number of women on geographical appointments increased from 59 in June 1988 to 139 in June 1998, a 18.9 percentage point increase during the period.	0
In the Secretariat, women from those regions also account for the highest proportion of women staff compared to men.	0
Or at least, they shouldn't if they're interested in reproducing. That --  is not the way any human being speaks casually. 	1
Where required, the Office of Human Resources Management, in consultation with the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, will establish occupational targets for the recruitment, placement and promotion of women.	0
We see this general bagginess of the structure, the lack of concern with rules and the way that we're used to learning on the blackboard, and so we think that something has gone wrong. 	1
34. The quarterly newsletter, Network, published by the Office of the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women, serves as a forum for the dissemination and exchange of information on gender issues.	0
No one's laughing.  And yet, there it is, so you assume there's been some kind of hiccup. 	1
It provides regular updates on gender statistics, recent resolutions, administrative instructions, and other policies and issues concerning gender.	0
Then Susan says "lol, I know," again more guffawing than we're used to when you're talking about these inconveniences. 	1
It's not as sophisticated as the language of The Wall Street Journal. 	1
At the United Nations Office at Vienna, a gender training programme will be offered to approximately 200 staff starting in November 1998.	0
For instance, opportunities for movement to the Professional category are limited by the number of posts set aside for the G-P examination. Moreover, there is a notable lack of mobility of General Service staff between departments: out of a total of 168 General Service staff who were promoted between 1 July 1997 and 30 June 1998, only four moved between departments and offices.	0
As it happens, he was writing about what had become French. 	1
56. Based upon the above staffing profile, the following scenarios have been developed to illustrate the impact of different recruitment and promotion targets on the representation of women.	0
Only 60 years later, it travels at 80 percent of the speed of sound, and we don't travel any faster today because commercial supersonic air travel turned out to be a bust. 	1
While there will normally be a sufficient pool of women qualified for promotion to the P-3 level, the pool of qualified women diminishes in size with each succeeding grade due to the lower representation of women at those levels and accompanying variations in their representation by occupational group.	0
They're powerful enough to cut growth in half. 	1
Moreover, a number of the women who would otherwise be eligible for promotion to the P-5 and D-1 vacancies were only recently promoted to their present grades, thus further limiting the pool of eligible internal women candidates.	0
And here's my theme: Because of the headwinds, if innovation continues to be as powerful as it has been in the last 150 years, growth is cut in half. 	1
The commitment and active support of Member States is also vital.	0
Now the history that we've achieved is that we've grown at 2.0 percent per year over the whole period, 1891 to 2007, and remember it's been a little bit negative since 2007. 	1
6. The United Nations system has, to date, made considerable progress in advancing the status of women and their human rights.	0
The restoration of peace to Liberia was achieved with substantial technical and logistical support from ECOWAS, the United Nations and the international community in general.	0
The bedrooms were cold. They were unheated. 	1
They had put in underground sewer pipes, and as a result, one of the great scourges of the late 19th century, waterborne diseases like cholera, began to disappear. 	1
(e) Resettle the majority of the country’s 900,000 internally displaced persons;	0
Electrification, central heat, ownership of motor cars, they all went from zero to 100 percent. 	1
The next donors’ meeting will be a regular Donors’ Conference chaired by the World Bank and is tentatively scheduled for December 1998.	0
The problem we face is that all these great inventions, we have to match them in the future, and my prediction that we're not going to match them brings us down from the original two-percent growth down to 0.2, the fanciful curve that I drew you at the beginning. 	1
Mindful of these needs, UNDP has sponsored a project to promote good governance which is being executed by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat.	0
This is a log scale, so what looks like steady growth is actually an acceleration in real terms. 	1
Productivity is at an all time high, but fewer people now have jobs. 	1
It got so bad that, when he was asked what strategy he would use against a computer, Jan Donner, the Dutch grandmaster, replied, "I'd bring a hammer." 	1
(d) Accelerated learning programme. This programme will assist over-age children who have missed a few years of primary-school education to cover a normal grade’s work in from three to four months in order to move through two or three grade levels in a one-year period;	0
Interpreter: So I tried to disappear into JR's eye, but the problem is JR uses only models with big eyes. 	1
UNOL has also been assisting the Ministry of Education in a programme initiated by the Carter Center, to put in place a national strategy for human rights education within the school system.	0
38. In March 1998, with UNDP financial support, the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) completed a study to update the costs of two major civil airports in the country – Roberts International and James Spriggs Payne airports.	0
And this one, this is about food safety in China. 	1
And the repeated struggles in life create artwork, no matter in what form. 	1
12. Facilitating access by youth to legislative and policy-making bodies, through their representatives, in order to involve them closely in the formulation, execution, follow-up, monitoring and evaluation of youth activities and programmes and to ensure their participation in development;	0
We have not only shown that bacteria can be the solution to plastic pollution, but also that being open to uncertain outcomes and taking risks create opportunities for unexpected discoveries. 	1
34. Preventing the participation, involvement and recruitment of children in armed conflicts, in accordance with international law;	0
I just want you to think a little bit about what the experience of driving is like now. 	1
35. Promoting and protecting the rights of peoples, including youth, living under colonial or other forms of alien domination or foreign occupation, particularly those peoples' right to self-determination;	0
Get into your car. Close the door. You're in a glass bubble. 	1
63. Promoting youth entrepreneurship in rural areas with a view to assisting youth to embark on self-managing and self-financing activities;	0
That guy's been on the road probably for the last half hour. 	1
On the threshold of a new millennium, young people are full of hope and commitment.	0
We can predict the accident and we can predict who, which cars, are in the best position to move out of the way to calculate the safest route for everyone. 	1
I want you to consider for a moment if you really don't want the distracted teenager behind you to know that you're braking, that you're coming to a dead stop. 	1
The third World Youth Forum is an example of how a cross-sectoral approach can be used successfully.	0
So today I'm going to tell you ten things that you thought everybody knew, but it turns out they don't. 	1
7. Based on the Braga initiative on debt crisis, governments, the international community, including the IMF, the World Bank and other United Nations agencies, should work in partnership with youth NGOs to organize regional seminars before the year 2000 to assess the impact of the debt crisis on young men and women in countries with such debts.	0
No need to go to the recent calls list if you're trying to call somebody just hit the call button again. 	1
8. We recommend that youth organizations, in cooperation with Governments, United Nations agencies and organizations, IGOs, and international financial institutions, establish where they do not exist and strengthen existing national, subregional, and regional youth networks and agencies.	0
So it turns out there's a keyboard shortcut that lets you jump directly to the beep like this. 	1
27. We recommend that youth organizations commit themselves to develop and implement effective strategies on human rights education.	0
And I realized that I had hit upon something that I think has this huge potential to change the world. 	1
B. Statements by senior United Nations officials	0
You know, rocket designers who use solar panels or fuel cells, I mean a few watts or kilowatts -- wow, that's a lot of power. 	1
And so I hope that maybe I'll have an opportunity to kind of explore my rocketry passion at the same time that I explore my nuclear passion. 	1
Chairperson Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women	0
Well, I said to her, "You know, kids don't learn from people they don't like." 	1
2. A list of States parties to the Convention is contained in annex I to the present report.	0
I wondered, "How am I going to take this group, in nine months, from where they are to where they need to be? 	1
3. The Committee held its eighteenth session at United Nations Headquarters from 19 January to 6 February 1998.	0
And it was difficult, it was awfully hard. 	1
The Committee held 24 plenary meetings (360th to 383rd), and its two working groups each held 9 meetings.	0
How do I raise the self-esteem of a child and his academic achievement at the same time? 	1
The Convention was still subject to a large number of reservations and even though laws and policies to implement the Convention had been introduced, de facto implementation was still impeded by entrenched attitudes that were in contradistinction to the principles of the Convention.	0
Ms. Desirée Bernard attended from 19 to 23 January, Ms. Silvia Cartwright from 19 to 23 January and 29 January to 6 February, Ms. Aída González from 22 January to 6 February, Ms. Ginko Sato from 2 to 6 February and Ms. Hanna Beate Schöpp-Schilling from 27 January to 6 February 1998.	0
He said, "Then why'd you put a smiley face?" 	1
You see, "-18" sucks all the life out of you. 	1
In the light of the information provided, the working group agreed to suggest to the Committee that this practice be adopted as a normal practice of pre-session working groups.	0
 Never. You won't like them all, and the tough ones show up for a reason. 	1
52. The Committee takes note of the willingness expressed by the State party’s delegation to strengthen the national machinery for the advancement of women and to engage non-governmental organizations in the realization of the goals of the Platform for Action adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women.	0
We worked with a lot of companies in Brazil that put money into this project, the government. 	1
97. The Committee notes with satisfaction the delegation’s oral responses, reflecting willingness to give further consideration to areas and concerns raises by the Committee.	0
The Committee observed that in the absence of gender-sensitive policies and measures to counteract negative effects, these changes may have a negative effect on women’s enjoyment of their human rights and impede the implementation of the Convention. Principal subjects of concern	0
114. The Committee requests that the Government of Croatia include more detailed information on the implementation of the provisions of article 6 of the Convention in future reports.	0
Maddie's using temperature to extend this phenomenon to a new scenario. 	1
Although the constitution criminalizes any act of discrimination on the ground of sex and, furthermore, the practice of lobola has been made illegal, tradition and customary law still ensure continued discrimination.	0
She said, "You know, they're like, really smart, talented -- " I said, "I know, I know."  She said, "They don't want, like, the angry black man." 	1
142. The Committee notes with concern that much of the violence against women, especially in society and in the domestic sphere, is not recognized by law.	0
 So I said, "No, I'm gonna be good, Honey, I'm gonna be good. I am." 	1
149. The Committee expresses concern that women in rural areas often suffer more as a result of prevailing negative attitudes and discriminatory traditional practices.	0
The Committee views the absence of a national machinery with adequate resources and personnel as a severe constraint to the implementation of the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action.	0
As a profession, we have to stop this. The science is clear. 	1
This is reflected in the absence of any special temporary measures to remedy the situation, as well as the lack of Government willingness to consider any such measures.	0
We know that the problem begins immediately. 	1
She also outlined steps taken by the Government of Bulgaria to translate and disseminate the Convention widely throughout the country.	0
The situation of the Roma minority had been raised during the consideration of Bulgaria’s proposed membership of the European Union and further measures would be implemented in cooperation with the Union.	0
215. The Committee was informed of the measures taken by the Government of Bulgaria to implement the Beijing Declaration and the Platform for Action.	0
I'm going to make a prediction.  This year, somewhere between 44 and 52 percent of those kids will be on grade level. 	1
226. The Committee notes that the Bulgarian constitution enshrines formal equality between women and men.	0
Our job as educators, there's some stuff we know that we can do. 	1
This makes it difficult for the Government to promote new concepts of men’s and women’s roles without appearing to interfere, once again, with individual choices and desires.	0
When the safety of America is threatened, we will spend any amount of money. 	1
The Committee notes the Government’s undertaking to give priority to international cooperation on this issue and looks forward to information about the progress achieved in the State party’s next report.	0
Well, that matters to kids, and it helps get them through. 	1
248. The Committee expresses concern that information has not been provided on the social, economic and political status of women of different ethnic and religious minorities in Bulgaria.	0
Like, I remember one day I found my dad convulsing, foaming at the mouth, OD-ing on the bathroom floor. 	1
The Committee notes that countries undergoing transition have a unique political opportunity to improve the situation of women as an integral part of the successful transition to democracy and a free market economy.	0
The Committee views this as an example of the Government’s ability to take highly effective steps to improve the situation of women.	0
The federal government has a lot on its plate, and state governments are going to have to step up. 	1
It also stated its belief that culture is not a static concept and that the core values in Indonesian society are not inconsistent with the advancement of women.	0
I know this. I've spent most of my career researching these programs. 	1
284. The Committee is very concerned at the existence of laws that are not in accordance with the provisions of the Convention.	0
So for example, states compete very vigorously to attract new auto plants or expanded auto plants. 	1
(b) Economic rights, including ownership and inheritance of land; access to loans and credits; entitlement to social, health and other benefits in the labour sector and the requirement that a wife obtain her husband’s consent for night employment;	0
So there is a benefit to state residents that corresponds to the costs that they're paying by paying for these business tax breaks. 	1
296. The Committee notes the information on the situation of migrant women, which has been presented in the form of a supplement to the report.	0
As another example, if we look at what determines an individual's wages, and we do statistical exploration of that, what determines wages, we know that the individual's wages will depend, in part, on that individual's education, for example whether or not they have a college degree. 	1
It is concerned that the Government lacks the mechanisms to respond to abuses of Indonesian women abroad.	0
So specifically, if you hold constant your education, you stick in percentage of college graduates in your metro area, you will find that has a significant positive effect on your wages without changing your education at all. 	1
310. The Committee recommends that the Government address the issue of trafficking in women and prostitution, in accordance with article 6 of the Convention, and establish, inter alia, socio-economic and health programmes to assist women in this context.	0
There's a lot of research evidence that those folks will stick around the state economy, and there's a lot of evidence that having more workers with higher skills in your local economy pays off in higher wages and job growth for your local economy, and if you calculate the numbers for each dollar, we get about three dollars back in benefits for the state economy. 	1
This is indicative of the political will of the Government to carry out its commitments under international human rights law, and especially its desire to achieve full compliance with its obligations under the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.	0
Is that something that you are still invested in, that you still believe in the notion of investment? 	1
While the high percentage of women employed in free-trade zones is laudable, because it gives them a financial footing, women workers suffer considerable discrimination in income and benefits.	0
Actually, truthfully, we moved to Los Angeles -- thinking we were moving to America, but anyway -- It's a short plane ride from Los Angeles to America. 	1
In addition, special programmes had been launched to support women victims of violence.	0
An awful lot of kids, sorry, thank you --  One estimate in America currently is that something like 10 percent of kids, getting on that way, are being diagnosed with various conditions under the broad title of attention deficit disorder. 	1
The National Institute of Adult Education addressed its action to a population comprised mainly of women and also offered non-formal employment training services.	0
  Children are not, for the most part, suffering from a psychological condition. 	1
361. The representative stated that women in the paid labour force had to cope with the double burden of work and family responsibilities and tended to be concentrated in the lower paid professions.	0
The national machinery had launched policies and programmes to improve the situation of women in rural areas, such as the conformation of a rural women national network, in order to link governmental organizations, with the goal of promoting integral development.	0
383. The Committee acknowledges with satisfaction the considerable number of women working in the judicial system and that women occupy 19 per cent of high-level judicial posts.	0
I want to know what my cholesterol level is compared to everybody else's on a standard scale. 	1
It notes that if there is trafficking in women, that this is a serious violation of their human rights.	0
 And sit staring out the window with a bottle of Jack Daniels. 	1
The specialized agencies and other entities would be informed well in advance of this practice, as would the countries to be considered by the pre-session working group.	0
I was at a meeting recently in Los Angeles of -- they're called alternative education programs. 	1
So I looked at the countries whose students perform well academically, and looked at what they're doing to help their teachers improve. 	1
(b) Working paper containing a draft of the contribution of the Committee to the fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights concerning reservations to the Convention prepared by a member of the Committee (CEDAW/C/1998/WG.II/WP.2);	0
I think what video offers for us is a certain degree of reality. 	1
Report of the Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women on its nineteenth session	0
We can reach them. There are paths that enable us to reach them. 	1
(d) To refrain from engaging in any act or practice of discrimination against women and to ensure that public authorities and institutions shall act in conformity with this obligation;	0
How might we think differently about our relations with distributed groups of people? 	1
23. The Committee concludes that it has certain responsibilities as the body of experts charged with the consideration of periodic reports submitted to it.	0
States parties had made efforts to respect and implement the Convention through the passage of legislation and other measures.	0
Okay, just wait for this one. This is good. 	1
52. Ms. Khan informed the Committee that, in her personal capacity, she had made a statement at a non-governmental meeting on women and fundamentalism, held from 16 to 18 April 1998 in Barcelona, Spain.	0
Maybe take some more stuff out of your pockets and throw it down, and maybe some chapstick, whatever. 	1
The Board focused on ways to enhance the capacity of countries to make the most effective use of resources allocated to population programmes.	0
It's really going to be seven billion pairs of hands, each following their own passions, and creating this world in their backyards and in their kitchens. 	1
70. The Committee is pleased to note that, according to the legal system of Slovakia, international treaties, including the Convention, have been promulgated in Parliament and take precedence over domestic legislation.	0
Saying we'd like to die at home is not a plan. 	1
That perception reflects a misunderstanding of such critical concepts as gender roles, indirect discrimination and de facto inequality.	0
Don't assume the natural choice is your spouse or child. 	1
The Committee is also concerned that charges cannot be brought against an abuser by the police independent of the victim and that securing a conviction often requires the corroboration of independent witnesses.	0
89. The Committee is concerned that the Government did not answer the Committee’s question as to why women in Slovakia are faced with the dilemma of choosing between work and raising a family.	0
100. The Committee considered the initial report of South Africa (CEDAW/C/ZAF/1) at its 387th, 388th and 393rd meetings, on 24 and 29 June 1998 (see CEDAW/C/SR.387, 388 and 393).	0
In addition to potentially socially isolating yourself when you're out and about looking at your phone, it's kind of, is this what you're meant to do with your body? 	1
105. The representative reported that only 6 per cent of African women 20 years and older had graduated from tertiary education, while 20 per cent of African women had not had any formal education.	0
108. The representative concluded by reiterating the Government’s firm commitment to bringing its legislation in line with the Convention as well as to fully implementing the Convention and the Beijing Platform for Action and to providing services that will improve the quality of life for women in South Africa.	0
And the other really unexpected surprise was the camera. 	1
Like if I smoked, I'd probably just smoke instead. 	1
It notes in particular that, given the persistent overall high levels of crime and violence in the country, there is a danger that efforts to address violence against women, although identified as a priority area in the National Crime Prevention Strategy, may become submerged in the larger struggle against violence in society.	0
It also urges the Government to undertake research into the causes of the high incidence of rape so that effective preventive measures can be developed.	0
UNICEF reports that in 2011, 6.9 million children under five died from preventable, poverty-related diseases. 	1
127. Notwithstanding the implementation of several temporary special measures in the political field and appointments to decision-making posts, the Committee is concerned whether such measures have become acceptable.	0
Does it really matter that we're not walking past them in the street? 	1
In that regard, particular attention should be paid to public bodies dealing with business and economic matters to facilitate women’s achievement of decision-making positions in those fields.	0
The fact that they're not right in front of us, the fact, of course, that they're of a different nationality or race, none of that seems morally relevant to me. 	1
144. The representative described several temporary special measures which had been adopted by the Government, including education committees relating to women, the appointment of women to decision-making positions and poverty alleviation measures to improve the economic status of women.	0
This is a couple at a later stage of life, Charlie Bresler and Diana Schott, who, when they were young, when they met, were activists against the Vietnam War, fought for social justice, and then moved into careers, as most people do, didn't really do anything very active about those values, although they didn't abandon them. 	1
156. The Committee is very concerned about religious and customary laws and practices in the family context that violate women’s human rights.	0
It also welcomes the establishment of family courts following the adoption of the Family Code.	0
And that did make me feel a little bit better, because I have given more than 5,000 dollars to the Against Malaria Foundation and to various other effective charities. 	1
It also expresses concern at the persistence of gender stereotypes, which results in a large number of adolescent girls terminating their education at an early age to marry or to undertake domestic work.	0
I discovered that, if I worked on a larger scale and with bigger materials, my hand really wouldn't hurt, and after having gone from a single approach to art, I ended up having an approach to creativity that completely changed my artistic horizons. 	1
205. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Panama of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of Panama, and particularly Government administrators and politicians aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps that are required in that regard.	0
So I got out of school, I got a job, I got a paycheck, I got myself to the art store, and I just went nuts buying supplies. 	1
Traditions and customary practices, including female genital mutilation, affected implementation of the Convention.	0
I slept on the floor and I ate takeout, and I asked people to call me and share a story with me about a life-changing moment. 	1
217. The representative concluded by emphasizing difficulties caused by lack of resources, noting that the high level of foreign debt servicing, combined with the low levels of international aid, meant that there were few resources to implement programmes, including those for the advancement of women.	0
The last iteration of destruction was to try to produce something that didn't actually exist in the first place. 	1
219. While expressing its appreciation for the high-level delegation, including the Principal Secretary to the Ministry of Community Development, Women’s Affairs and Children, and her candid oral presentation, the Committee regrets that the report lacks sufficient information and statistics and thus fails to deliver a complete picture of the progress made in the implementation of the Convention since the country compiled its initial report, which had been considered in 1990.	0
In the course of this Goodbye Art series, I created 23 different pieces with nothing left to physically display. 	1
226. The Committee is concerned that the constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania did not explicitly define gender discrimination.	0
When I think back to my three years away from art, away from my dream, just going through the motions, instead of trying to find a different way to continue that dream, I just quit, I gave up. 	1
239. The Committee notes the establishment of a women’s development fund. The Committee requests that detailed information on the mandates, budget and projects of the fund be included in the next report.	0
Now in terms of the whole world's population, that already puts me in the top 1.95 richest people, which raises the question of, who is it I'm working for? 	1
249. The representative noted that a Women’s Commissioner on the Human Rights Commission had been designated for the first time in New Zealand.	0
It solves the same problem, but instead of spending several million pounds, you spend several hundred pounds. 	1
Notwithstanding the national strategy for poverty alleviation introduced by the Government, the feminization of poverty is a reality in the country, and is worsening in rural areas and indigenous settlements, as well as in areas declared emergency zones.	0
Let me introduce you to my brand new project, "Baroque in Rock," which became a golden disc most recently. 	1
318. The Committee recommends, as a matter of priority, the inclusion in gender equality programmes of a component to promote the gradual elimination of such harmful stereotypes, and a general awareness-raising campaign to eradicate them.	0
If you had asked me 10 years ago whether or not we would ever be able to sequence the genome of extinct animals, I would have told you, it's unlikely. 	1
Moreover, the Committee is deeply disturbed by the instances of sexual violence against rural and indigenous women and the high rate of sexual abuse of teenagers and girls in emergency zones.	0
Fortunately, we find millions of their remains strewn across the permafrost buried deep in Siberia and Alaska, and we can actually go up there and actually take them out. 	1
340. The Committee recommends that the Government of Peru review its law on abortion and ensure that women have access to full and complete health services, which include safe abortion, and to emergency medical attention when complications arise from abortions.	0
The Committee welcomes the amendments of the National Act in 1997 and the news that the Government is considering the withdrawal of its reservation to article 9 of the Convention.	0
I've always known that the age of design is upon us, almost like a rapture. 	1
(k) The concluding comments include reference to any commitments of the State party made at the Fourth World Conference on Women;	0
It was amazing to see. And it's a beautiful game. 	1
I've had to do away with a few concepts of design past. 	1
The third sentence, John is dropped, and we have, "Mary was beaten," and now it's all about Mary. 	1
And then what is the role of the various institutions in our society that are helping to produce abusive men at pandemic rates? 	1
And I just want to give you the highlights of the bystander approach, because it's a big thematic shift, although there's lots of particulars, but the heart of it is, instead of seeing men as perpetrators and women as victims, or women as perpetrators, men as victims, or any combination in there. 	1
I'm using the gender binary. I know there's more than men and women, there's more than male and female. 	1
How do we speak up? How do we challenge our friends? 	1
Utilities are still rewarded when their customers waste energy. 	1
My journalism is about hard core evidence. 	1
If you have extreme diseases, you need to get extreme remedies. 	1
And we know they use some of that brainpower for just living complicated lives, but what do we really know about dolphin intelligence? 	1
And in some parts of the world, they use tools, like sponges to hunt fish. 	1
Two are human words, and one is a dolphin vocalizing. 	1
They've got better things to do in the wild. 	1
And I spent four years with my colleagues Adam Pack and Fabienne Delfour, working out in the field with this keyboard using it with each other to do requests for toys while the dolphins were watching. 	1
I'm going to drop the rope, see if they come over. 	1
Which brings up a critical question: Why is this time different, if it really is? 	1
This gives us the chance to imagine an entirely different kind of society, a society where the creators and the discoverers and the performers and the innovators come together with their patrons and their financiers to talk about issues, entertain, enlighten, provoke each other." 	1
through images and text, and most of the actors who are now starring in the movie adaptation, they were already involved in these books portraying characters into a sort of experimental, theatrical, simplistic way. 	1
Because this guy is the busiest man on the planet. 	1
Well, I said as a joke in a production meeting -- and this is a true story, by the way — I said, "Why don't we turn this guy into a hologram? 	1
Because, you know, he is everywhere and nowhere on the planet at the same time, and he's an illuminated being in my mind, and he's in between reality and virtual reality, so it would make perfect sense to turn this guy into a hologram." 	1
II. Seventh session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice	0
So I want to tell you that, if you have some crazy ideas in your mind, and that people tell you that it's impossible to make, well, that's an even better reason to want to do it, because people have a tendency to see the problems rather than the final result, whereas if you start to deal with problems as being your allies rather than your opponents, life will start to dance with you in the most amazing way. 	1
A/53/380 IV. Implementation of the recommendations of the Office for Internal Oversight Services	0
So, for example, you can be a pitcher or a catcher, and that corresponds to whether you perform a sexual act or receive a sexual act. 	1
A joint project of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and the Centre for International Crime Prevention is under way in the Russian Federation to control drug trafficking and organized crime.	0
The Centre has contributed to the background analysis for a possible strategy for the reduction of illicit drug crops cultivation, which was recently considered by the General Assembly at its special session devoted to the fight against the illicit production, sale, demand, traffic and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances and activities.	0
11. The discussion guide for the regional preparatory meetings as well as that on the workshops, ancillary meetings, symposia and exhibits were reviewed by the Commission and have been finalized.	0
And you also can't get to second base and say, "I like it here. I'm going to stay here." 	1
And lastly, what's the expected outcome of baseball? 	1
The goal of the publication is to assist developing countries in the collection, maintenance and analysis of crime and criminal justice data and information.	0
By the way, the wages for librarians went up faster than the wages for other jobs in the U.S. over that same time period, because librarians became partners of computers. 	1
Finally, the European Institute for Crime Prevention and Control, affiliated with the United Nations (HEUNI), is publishing the European and North American Analysis of the Results of the Fifth United Nations Survey of Crime Trends and Operations of Criminal Justice Systems (1990-1994).	0
Computers became tools, and they got more tools that they could use and become more effective during that time. 	1
The Centre will submit to the Commission at its ninth session a report on the use and application of the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for Non-Custodial Measures (The Tokyo Rules) (resolution 45/110, annex); the Guidelines on the Role of ProsecutorsSee Eighth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders, Havana, 27 August-7 September 1990; report prepared by the Secretariat (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.91.IV.2), chap. I, sect. C, resolution 26.	0
In order to program them, you have to understand six-dimensional vectors and quaternions. 	1
Activities under each of the subprogrammes are discussed below.	0
The African Institute intends to publish the study on its home page.	0
Instead, what the quad can do is perform the maneuver blindly, observe how it finishes the maneuver, and then use that information to modify its behavior so that the next flip is better. 	1
(d) Reinstatement of core Professional staff ($87,749);	0
How do we make a machine do what an athlete does seemingly without effort? 	1
What happens when we couple this machine athleticism with that of a human being? 	1
IV. Control of supply of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances	0
Young people involved in such programmes met for the first time at a drug abuse prevention forum held at Banff, Canada, from 14 to 18 April 1998.	0
Our democracies are trapped by systems too big to fail, or, more accurately, too big to control. 	1
18. The majority of the reporting Governments appeared to have fewer activities in the field of treatment, rehabilitation and social reintegration of drug addicts than in the field of prevention.	0
Our democracies are undermined by the growing inequality and the growing concentration of power and wealth, lobbies, corruption, the speed of the markets or simply the fact that we sometimes fear an impending disaster, have constrained our democracies, and they have constrained our capacity to imagine and actually use the potential, your potential, in finding solutions. 	1
24. In response to the decision of the international community, UNDCP, in cooperation with other United Nations entities, is providing support to the Governments of producing countries for planning alternative development measures.	0
My European counterparts, some of them, at least, said, "You can't do this. 	1
The experience gained through more than two decades of alternative development, from the design stage to the implementation of projects and programmes, will be used to assist those countries in developing or strengthening national strategies and plans, as well as interventions at the community level.	0
There will be havoc in the markets again." 	1
With respect to demand reduction efforts targeting the highlands of east Asia, a three-week workshop on community-based drug demand reduction was held at Bangkok in February and March 1998, facilitating the exchange of experiences among the representatives of countries in that subregion.	0
 Bruno Giussani: You seem to describe a political leadership that is kind of unprepared and a prisoner of the whims of the financial markets, and that scene in Brussels that you describe, to me, as a citizen, is terrifying. 	1
And this has always been the case, throughout history. 	1
It has mapped out a series of public information activities to raise the awareness of individuals and societies of the consequences of drug trafficking and drug abuse.	0
Because we need an international legal framework for robotic weapons. 	1
UNDCP also has substantial project activities in sub-Saharan Africa, central and eastern Europe and south Asia and at the global level.	0
II. Status of adherence to the 1988 Convention 3-7 3	0
Legislation adopted and published during the reporting period includes the following: amendments in lists of controlled substances, usually to bring the domestic scope of control into line with treaty provisions; comprehensive drug control laws dealing with the organization of licit drug-related activities, the prohibition and repression of illicit activities and the treatment and rehabilitation of drug abusers; and amendments to penal codes providing for more severe penalties for drug trafficking or establishing new forms of criminal offences.	0
I was in the campaign with other Saudi women and even men activists. 	1
For 1997, only 22More responses to the questionnaire for 1997 are expected by the end of 1998. States had returned the questionnaire at the time the report was being drafted, and 6 of them had reported not having made or received requests under the articles concerned.	0
Article 17 of the 1988 Convention provides cooperative measures for the suppression of illicit drug trafficking by sea.	0
A friend once asked me, she said, "So when do you think this women driving will happen?" 	1
The exhibit, which was displayed in the lobby of the General Assembly after the special session, will be shipped to the United Nations Office at Vienna for display there.	0
C. Measures to promote judicial cooperation	0
So let's have my dragon-king burn this black swan concept. 	1
(c) Implementation of law enforcement measures for, inter alia, the effective detection, investigation, prosecution and conviction of criminals engaging in money-laundering activities.	0
Status of adherence to the international drug control treaties as at 30 June 1998	0
In September 2007, I was invited as a keynote speaker of a macro hedge fund management conference, and I showed to the conference a prediction that by the end of 2007, this bubble would change regime. 	1
Participants in advisory meetings are not dealt with in this report.	0
First step, the medical doctor went away for about six months. 	1
And for a whole house, the nine healthy living practices, we test, check and fix 250 items in every house. 	1
26. When necessary, in order to obtain the expertise required and where the market rates for highly specialized and technical services exceed the remuneration levels referred to above, a supplementary amount may be authorized by the Office of Human Resources Management for consultancies.	0
And we'll go a lot further than that; the people living in the house are actually a major part of the solution. 	1
(b) Note that, for the Repertory, volumes III (Articles 55-72 of the Charter of the United Nations) and IV (Articles 73-91) of Supplement No. 5 (covering the years 1970 to 1978) would be completed by the end of 1999 and volume VI (Articles 92-105 and 108-111) of Supplement No. 6 (covering the years 1979 to 1984) would be completed by mid-1998;	0
(c) Note that Supplement No. 10 of the Repertoire (covering the period 1985–1988) would be completed by 1998;	0
We went in with no grand plan, no grand promises of a great program, just the offer to build two toilets for two families. 	1
14. It may be recalled that the Secretary-General anticipated that volumes III (Articles 55-72) and IV (Articles 73-91) of Supplement No. 5 of the Repertory (covering the period 1970-1978) would be completed by the end of 1999, and that volume VI (Articles 92-105 and 108-111) of Supplement No. 6 (covering the period 1979–1984) was to be completed by mid-1998 (A/52/317 and Corr.1, para. 59 (b)).	0
What I find amazing is that Africa is transcending its geography problem. 	1
A. Redeployment of financial resources for the preparation of the Repertoire	0
Now, this is the reality of Kenya, where we live now, and other parts of Africa. 	1
Imagine a weather station that can be attached to this. 	1
Instruments of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession are to be deposited with the Secretary-General of the United Nations.	0
Accept, Sir, the assurances of my highest consideration.	0
Matters brought to the attention of States parties	0
It goes hand in hand with doubt, in a never-ending conversation with it, and sometimes in conscious defiance of it. 	1
The Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women proposed that the pre-session working group should meet at the end of the previous session.	0
In fact, most of us do, whether we're atheist or theist or anywhere in between or beyond, for that matter, what drives us is that, despite our doubts and even because of our doubts, we reject the nihilism of despair. 	1
10. The Special Adviser also informed the Committee about the expert group meetings which the Division had organized or co-hosted on the themes “Adolescent girls and their rights”, “Gender-based persecution”, “Women’s enjoyment of economic and social rights” and “Caregiving for older persons - Gender dimensions”, in preparation for the forty-second session of the Commission on the Status of Women.	0
And she was doing the work in the middle of the day, and one thing particularly caught her notice, which was, in the middle of the day she met a lot of men who were at home, middle aged, late middle aged, and a lot of them seemed to be on oxygen tanks. 	1
I said, "She's not a movie star, and she's not a celebrity, and she's not an expert, and Gayla's the first person who'd say she's not a saint. 	1
68. While understanding the difficult economic situation and the difficulty of reaching durable solutions to the refugee problem, the Committee expresses its concern about the precarious material and psychological conditions of women refugees.	0
So for many of us, about 75 million Americans, the appropriate response to insulin resistance may actually be to store it as fat, not the reverse, getting insulin resistance in response to getting fat. 	1
122. Non-governmental organizations and research organizations specializing in gender and development issues had been consulted during the preparation of the report and were also active in promoting gender equality.	0
It's making a little bit fun of getting older, and, you know, people might like it. 	1
136. The Committee commends the Government for putting in place clear and relevant national policies for women, which are consistent with international agreements, particularly the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women.	0
To people like this, I point out we use anesthetic ink. 	1
143. The Committee expresses concern that the Ministry of National Affairs, Employment Creation and Cooperation, as the National Machinery for the Advancement of Women, has no real power or responsibility to initiate and implement policy measures to eliminate discrimination against women.	0
166. The Committee requests the wide dissemination in Zimbabwe of the present concluding comments in order to make the people of Zimbabwe, and particularly its government administrators and politicians, aware of the steps that have been taken to ensure de facto equality for women and the further steps required in this regard.	0
170. Although no fundamental changes in health or social insurance had occurred since 1994, certain health insurance benefits had been transferred to the State social allowance system in 1995, with the goal of unifying State social allowances and benefits and thus providing support under a single system to families with children.	0
Now these look like very different forms of humor but actually they bear a great similarity. 	1
The Committee considers the absence of data on the extent and prevalence of such violence in the Czech Republic to be a critical deficiency. It also expresses concern about the lack of information on any preventive measures and/or programmes to support victims of violence, raise public awareness of the issue and sensitize health professionals and law-enforcement personnel on the topic.	0
See, that's probably not going to be New Yorker humor. 	1
200. The Committee recommends that the Government of the Czech Republic give impetus to the establishment of an adequately resourced national machinery with a clear mandate to implement, coordinate and monitor the provisions of the Convention.	0
203. The Committee recommends a comprehensive study and analysis of the effects of the economic and socio-political transition of the country on women.	0
And so, this benign, that's true of "No, Thursday's out. How about never — is never good for you?" 	1
Economic conditions had also been severe.	0
If we're in a purposeful mood, that makes us anxious. 	1
In cooperation with women’s non-governmental organizations, the commission produced a national action plan.	0
The great Sam Gross cartoon, this happened after the Muhammad controversy where it's Muhammad in heaven, the suicide bomber is all in little pieces, and he's saying to the suicide bomber, "You'll get the virgins when we find your penis." 	1
This is of concern, as women, and particularly elderly women, are most likely to be adversely affected by poverty.	0
Now that's a little puzzling, right? It doesn't quite come together. 	1
273. The Committee notes with satisfaction the combined second and third periodic reports of Indonesia, which are frank, detailed and demonstrate a desire to move the women's agenda forward.	0
278. The Committee expresses approval of the fact that Indonesia has established a Ministry for Women in the 1970s, even before its ratification of the Convention.	0
You think of crocodiles as doing their ugly thing, sitting in a pool of water. 	1
Cloning was science fiction. It had not happened. 	1
The Committee points out that such coercion contravenes the Government's obligations under the Convention to ensure women's reproductive rights to freedom of choice and informed consent with respect to methods of family planning.	0
And I thought, when I became director of the Australian Museum, I put a team together. 	1
And then the Tasmanian devil is going to pop a thylacine out the south end. 	1
It provided an opportunity for assessing developments that had occurred in various governmental and societal sectors, but also for identifying obstacles and areas for further change.	0
You've taken the bits of one animal and you've mixed them into the cell of a different kind of an animal. 	1
326. The Committee notes with satisfaction the revision of the agrarian reform law giving women the right to inherit land, a reform of particular importance to rural women.	0
And the key question for me was to ask Peter, has it changed? 	1
Emphasizing that legal measures alone are not sufficient, the Committee notes the failure of the Government to undertake comprehensive and systematic public awareness and information campaigns to change stereotypical attitudes that are detrimental to women’s equality.	0
And I'd like to ask the question. We need to think about this. 	1
356. In order to implement the commitments made at the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing, Mexico had established a national machinery for the advancement of women, under the Ministry of the Interior, which was in charge of putting into practice the National Programme for Women: Alliance for Equality, the document containing Mexico’s strategies for the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action.	0
The national machinery had launched policies and programmes to improve the situation of women in rural areas, such as the conformation of a rural women national network, in order to link governmental organizations, with the goal of promoting integral development.	0
Now, most political scientists will tell us that a one-party system is inherently incapable of self-correction. 	1
She underlined the commitment of the Mexican Government to continue to design policies aimed at granting women and girls equal treatment and opportunities.	0
376. The Committee recognizes with satisfaction that the Convention serves as a framework for both the National Programme for Women and the National Human Rights Commission and that the efforts to implement the Convention are implicit in the National Development Plan.	0
The second assumption is that in a one-party state, power gets concentrated in the hands of the few, and bad governance and corruption follow. 	1
In the larger central committee of 300 or more, the percentage of those who were born into power and wealth was even smaller. 	1
404. The Committee suggests that Mexico evaluate areas, such as the private sector, that are not covered by affirmative action and, in its next report, submit a consolidated evaluation of all affirmative-action initiatives.	0
He started as a village manager, and by the time he entered the Politburo, he had managed areas with a total population of 150 million people and combined GDPs of 1.5 trillion U.S. dollars. 	1
407. The Committee also requests the Ministry of Agrarian Reform to continue its institutional intervention to persuade public land (ejido) assemblies to allocate to women the parcels of land to which they are entitled.	0
Such a plan could include taking legal action, training judicial, law enforcement and health personnel, informing women about their rights and about the Convention and strengthening victims’ services.	0
I was asked once, "The Party wasn't voted in by election. 	1
It strongly recommends that new legislation should not discriminate against prostitutes but should punish pimps and procurers.	0
Although the Committee considered that a model of flexible cooperation should be created between the Committee and the Special Rapporteur, it considered that it might be useful to nominate a focal point from among its members to develop a closer relationship with the Special Rapporteur.	0
Corruption will be curbed, but not eliminated, and China will move up 10 to 20 notches to above 60 in T.I. ranking. 	1
The Committee recognized the effective contribution of the Glen Cove meeting to the work of the human rights treaty bodies and encouraged the convening of similar meetings to explore thematic issues relating to women’s enjoyment of rights.	0
EXL: There's a vibrant civil society in China, whether it's environment or what-have-you. 	1
For all of these different critically important problems or critically important areas that we want to solve problems in, we basically know nothing at all. 	1
Countries, thus, needed to address discrimination based on gender to guarantee women’s right to health.	0
This is what we base our decisions on in global health: little data, old data, no data. 	1
463. Recognizing that the transformation of social values and creating a culture of respect for the human rights of women is a lengthy process, and that implementation of these rights must take place at national level, she described several country-based initiatives of the Development Fund concerning the Convention.	0
And go out into the field just carrying one PalmPilot, which can hold the capacity of tens of thousands of paper forms? 	1
472. Members also invited the High Commissioner for Human Rights, as part of her initiative to emphasize the importance of women’s human rights in the context of the Convention, to consider including:	0
How was I training folks, and what were the bottlenecks and what were the obstacles to doing it faster and to doing it more efficiently? 	1
The Committee decided to approve the following provisional agenda:	0
I'd been trained that the way you distribute technology within international development is always consultant-based. 	1
The report focuses on activities undertaken by the organizations of the United Nations system.	0
And so I thought, what would happen if we built software to do what I'd been consulting in? 	1
No one has to speak to me, you just have to hear about it and go to the website. 	1
Camfed, another charity based out of the UK -- Camfed pays girls' families to keep them in school. 	1
It may be recalled that the mid-term review concluded that the Special Initiative was complementary to the New Agenda and that it was designed to facilitate and could become an impetus for the implementation of all elements of the New Agenda.	0
They used to track the disbursements, the attendance, the grades, on paper. 	1
28. ECA has established the African Centre for Civil Society which is entrusted with enhancing cooperation among African Governments and civil society and encouraging Governments to support an enabling environment for the growth of non-governmental organizations and organizations of civil society.	0
One cloud that people rarely miss is this one: the cumulonimbus storm cloud. 	1
For example, in Accra, UNICEF organized a meeting of local governmental authorities, non-governmental organizations and United Nations agencies to discuss measures that should be taken by local governments in fulfilling their responsibilities for the well-being of Africa’s children.	0
We don't live beneath the sky. We live within it. 	1
You're not going to change the world by lying on your back and gazing up at the sky, are you? 	1
It includes current resources through 1999; a four-year period of interim ESAF (2000–2004, with a commitment capacity of about SDR 1.0 billion per year), and a self-sustained ESAF starting in 2005, with a commitment capacity of about SDR 0.8 billion per year.	0
Furthermore, most African countries continue to rely on a single commodity for more than three quarters of their total exports.	0
So you can probably piece the rest together. 	1
54. UNEP was also involved in a number of joint activities with the Water Sector Coordination Unit of the Southern African Development Community (SADC), geared towards building capacities of SADC member States in the development and management of water resources.	0
And now, looking at this picture, which speaks for itself, we see modern agriculture, which I also refer to as intensive agriculture. 	1
A joint UNDP/WMO project on drought monitoring which provides countries with timely information and warnings on weather patterns is currently being implemented.	0
In less than 40 years, there will be 9 billion of us. 	1
The project covers institution-building and water quality and ecological monitoring in six countries – Benin, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, Nigeria and Togo.	0
This is the cover of an extraordinary article published in Nature in 2009, which really launched the discussion about the phosphorus crisis. 	1
However, the performance of some mining industries has been encouraging: gold production in Ghana increased by 10 per cent in the first half of 1997 and the oil sector grew faster than commodity production in 1997.	0
And everyone agrees: Politicians and scientists are in agreement that we are headed for a phosphorus crisis. 	1
This generally poor record, mainly due to erratic changes in weather conditions in a region where most countries depend overwhelmingly on rain-fed agriculture, points to serious gaps in food supply for the majority of African countries.	0
By 2050 there will be 9 billion of us, and according to the U.N. Food and Agriculture Organization, we will need to produce twice as much food in 2050 than we do today. 	1
66. The resumption of agricultural progress will require considerable improvements in production techniques and increases in actual production in the coming years.	0
So, we will have less phosphorus, but we'll need to produce more food. 	1
Assistance has been provided to a number of African countries in the preparation of round-table meetings with a view to mobilizing resources for sustainable food security, agriculture and rural development.	0
Remember that 80 percent is destined to be lost. 	1
The project has a complementary component dealing with the use of sisal wastes for bio-energy.	0
Beyond one millimeter, the root is ineffective. 	1
77. In response to the need to intensify the struggle against malaria, UNICEF, in collaboration with Governments, donor agencies and other partners, has escalated its effort in malaria prevention and control.	0
Even though it is present in the soil, it is in insoluble form. 	1
In it, the highest priority has been accorded to supporting effective and sustainable multidimensional country-level responses.	0
On the other side, the dose was reduced to 50 percent, and just look at the yield. 	1
81. The United Nations system, through UNFPA, has also been involved in the efforts to integrate population policies and promote reproductive health.	0
To that end, the Asia/Africa Forum for the Economic Empowerment of Women, organized by the Department of Economic and Social Affairs, UNDP, and the Governments of Japan and Thailand, adopted a framework for action.	0
86. With regard to the recommendation to pursue the 20/20 concept of mutual commitment for basic social programmes, UNICEF, UNDP and other United Nations agencies have undertaken a number of activities.	0
Well, he was the former oil minister of Nigeria under President Abacha, and it just so happens he's a convicted money launderer too. 	1
Well, when he was oil minister, he awarded an oil block now worth over a billion dollars to a company that, guess what, yeah, he was the hidden owner of. 	1
They have also initiated programmes and adopted common positions on such issues as regional and subregional cooperation and integration, governance and human rights, democracy, peace, security and stability, debt, and environment, including combating drought and desertification.	0
Well, the answer to that question, and who was really involved and what really happened, well that's going to probably remain locked away in the secretive company registries of the British Virgin Islands and elsewhere unless we all do something about it. 	1
The most prominent and recent of these initiatives are the OAU Mechanism for Conflict Prevention, Management and Resolution and the Cairo Agenda for Action: Relaunching Africa’s Socio-economic Development.	0
And how about the oil, gas and mining companies? 	1
They contribute, in varying degrees, to the achievement of the objectives of the Agenda.	0
Well, because there's a lot at stake. In 2011, natural resource exports outweighed aid flows by almost 19 to one in Africa, Asia and Latin America. Nineteen to one. 	1
Section III analyses trends in resource flows and their composition.	0
That's one billion people in the world live in slums. 	1
It is estimated 3 that the latter gap averaged 9 per cent of GDP during the first half of the 1990s for Africa.	0
As an architect, wood is the only material, big material, that I can build with that's already grown by the power of the sun. 	1
Figure IV. Net ODA flows from DAC countries to Africa, 1995 and 1996	0
If we built a 20-story building out of cement and concrete, the process would result in the manufacturing of that cement and 1,200 tonnes of carbon dioxide. 	1
The debt profile of African countries for the years 1995 and 1996 is given in table 5.	0
It's really just the structure that we're talking about. 	1
(d) Assess the debt sustainability of middle-income countries in Africa and elsewhere and extend appropriate debt relief, if needed;	0
They explored the keyboard. They played around with it. 	1
(a) Take a proactive role in fostering financial intermediation and improve the efficiency of their financial systems;	0
I went down, and the bonobos had had access to percussion instruments, musical toys, but never before to a keyboard. 	1
African Governments should adopt specific savings targets and policies for promoting domestic savings as part of their overall macroeconomic policies and programmes.	0
He approached me with a vision of doing these things not for people, for animals. 	1
6 Defined as net resource flows minus the interest payments on long-term debt and profit remittances on account of FDI.	0
We participate in the Apps for Apes program Orangutan Outreach, and we use iPads to help stimulate and enrich the animals, and also help raise awareness for these critically endangered animals. 	1
Since the issuance of the Secretary-General’s reform proposals in July 1997 and, in particular, in the context of the establishment and launching of the Strategic Planning Unit in the Executive Office of the Secretary-General, intensive consultations have been conducted with UNU senior management on ways and means to enhance further the contribution of the United Nations University to the work of the Secretariat and the deliberations of intergovernmental bodies.	0
PG: I think we want to engage as many people here as possible in helping us think of smart interfaces that will make all this possible. 	1
Furthermore, the membership of the Council is mandated by the UNU Charter, and any change would therefore require an amendment to the Charter.	0
Using the Internet, I found a variety of statistics on pancreatic cancer, and what I had found shocked me. 	1
In addition, the Secretary-General also believes that a codified system of administrative rules and procedures specifically developed for the University would establish a basis for prudent and effective management, taking into account the special characteristics of the University.	0
 Coming up is the sound of a woodpecker. 	1
Despite a number of changes of direction, by the will of historical fate the main arteries of the Great Silk Road passed through the territory of Kyrgyzstan.	0
And while a picture may be worth 1,000 words, a soundscape is worth 1,000 pictures. 	1
Kyrgyzstan and the countries of the Great Silk Road region	0
If somebody suddenly asks me, "Where's your home?" 	1
Global financial flows and their impact on developing countries: addressing the matter of volatility	0
And it really seemed like my concerns of the previous day vanishing. 	1
Concern remained, however, about the degree of exposure to potential financial volatility.	0
The Asian miracle became the Asian crisis.	0
The area near these walls, which nobody bothers to pay attention to, had been left free from major intervention, and this is where I first found my treasures. 	1
The art of policy-making consists in recognizing when change is necessary in policies and/or institutions, when change is possible, and how change can be brought about effectively.	0
 In the privacy of my room, covered in sawdust, I would saw, trim and polish wood all night long until a bow took shape. 	1
13. Therefore, institutions need to be sufficiently robust to withstand the consequences of perceptions of policy shortcomings; in particular, loss of confidence of short-term investors should not threaten economic collapse.	0
to tell my mom, in the audience today: Mom, I was really sorry, and I will be more careful with open fire from now on. 	1
This could be the case, for example, if it were deemed that substantial amounts of local corporate assets had been acquired by foreign firms at distress-sale prices owing to a crisis.	0
So we're living in the age of the global plutocracy, but we've been slow to notice it. 	1
35. The difference of views has been especially sharp in the case of the Japanese economy in recent years and can be seen in the efforts of partner countries to encourage policy changes in Japan.	0
But today, that superstar effect is happening across the entire economy. 	1
Thus, in these countries, as well as in the emerging-market economies, regulatory systems and early warning mechanisms need to be strengthened.	0
There are even, and this is my personal favorite example, superstar dentists, the most dazzling exemplar of whom is Bernard Touati, the Frenchman who ministers to the smiles of fellow superstars like Russian oligarch Roman Abramovich or European-born American fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg. 	1
Although originally conceived in the context of a proposed Asian Fund, a new cooperative surveillance arrangement has been established by the member countries of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN).	0
Think about Amazon, Apple, Google, Starbucks. 	1
Above all, however it would perforce “bail in” the private creditors that accepted being exposed to such situations: they would have every incentive to accept a “voluntary” debt restructuring should an emergency arise, rather than write off their loans.	0
The third thing, and this is what worries me the most, is the extent to which those same largely positive forces which are driving the rise of the global plutocracy also happen to be hollowing out the middle class in Western industrialized economies. 	1
In its original formulation, financial liberalization did not extend to international financial flows.	0
After all, in a totally free labor market, we could find jobs for pretty much everyone. 	1
11 For a review of budgetary targets, see World Economic and Social Survey, 1997 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.97.II.C.1 and corrigenda), chap. V; see also Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean, The Fiscal Covenant: Strengths, Weaknesses, Challenges (LC/G.1997(SES.27/3)), of 23 April 1998.	0
The attraction of the peg, particularly in the currency board variant, is that it can be a potent tool for fighting high inflation, in which case it can be seen as an alternative to discredited central-bank currency management.	0
2. The Shrine of Saint Kourmoutas in Lapithos has been profaned and defiled (see photograph 1b).*	0
For example, the one on the left here allows me to add a little bit of reverb to my sound, which gives me that --  -- flavor. 	1
And I'm not a DJ, and I'm not a musician, so I'm a little bit scared of that. 	1
D. The rule of law and the independence of the judiciary	0
And I was also really interested in wireless as well. 	1
He stated that such practices violated the spirit of the confidentiality of the vote.	0
There's lots of different things we've created. 	1
33. The memorandum noted that while there had been no serious efforts to investigate these incidents, government authorities had in many cases promptly concluded that they were robberies, personal disputes or acts of revenge.	0
And I used to get in an argument that really gave me a stomachache. 	1
The memorandum called for rigorous investigations to allow accurate and credible determinations in each case after consideration of all aspects.	0
Science is objective, consciousness is subjective, therefore there cannot be a science of consciousness. 	1
It stressed again that the problem of impunity, unless corrected, will continue to undermine efforts to establish the rule of law as well as public confidence in the judiciary.	0
Okay, so these twin traditions are paralyzing us. 	1
And I have only one real message in this lecture, and that is, consciousness is a biological phenomenon like photosynthesis, digestion, mitosis -- you know all the biological phenomena -- and once you accept that, most, though not all, of the hard problems about consciousness simply evaporate. 	1
It was reported that factory workers were threatened with the loss of their jobs if they voted for the opposition.	0
You cannot get rid of it by showing that it's an illusion in a way that you can with other standard illusions. 	1
50. Article 124 of the election law prohibits intimidation and/or undermining the secrecy of the ballot.	0
The disappointment of robotics derives from the fact that we don't know how to make a conscious robot, so we don't have a machine that can do this kind of thing. 	1
However, at the district, commune and village levels, lower-ranking party members and activists faced threats and intimidation.	0
They included reports of armed soldiers, police and militia in and around registration stations in violation of the election law and local officials such as commune and village chiefs, militia and other unidentified persons standing outside registration stations with walkie-talkies, which were perceived as intimidating.	0
70. These were positive steps though they may be interpreted as perpetuating the authority of military commanders to decide whether or not a soldier will be sent to court.	0
People are actually trusting businesspeople more than they're trusting governments and leaders. 	1
And if you think about it, reputation has now become a currency. 	1
In order to avoid further confrontation and violence, the court was compelled to hand the two men over to the same gendarmerie unit rather than releasing them.	0
They said, obviously tried to dissociate themselves from drugs, but said, "It reminds me of one thing and that's the value of the brand has stayed consistent."  Which backs up my point and shows he didn't even break a sweat when he said that. 	1
The Supreme Court has so far been unable to handle the case, as the file has been with the Ministry of Justice since late December 1997.	0
were saying that they're comfortable using an independent or branded currency. 	1
The co-Ministers of the Interior, on 9 December 1997, ordered the provincial police commissioner to instruct five suspected police officers to present themselves to the court for investigation.	0
Nobody taught us how to deal with such kinds of disabilities, and as many questions as possible started to come to our minds. 	1
For the next eight days Danh Teav was denied any outside contact, despite repeated requests by his lawyer and wife to see him.	0
Other information obtained by the COHCHR indicates that the five other men had also been tortured in order to force them to implicate Danh Teav in the murder he was accused of.	0
And really, this was the change, and from our side, we said, "What are our strengths that we really can bring to Mario?" 	1
98. Further efforts by the Government are needed to demonstrate its determination to strictly enforce the prohibition of torture by police and military investigators, including through the prosecution of torturers.	0
Such temporary provision of nutritional supplements in emergency situations by a United Nations agency cannot substitute for regular and adequate prison rations which it is the basic responsibility of a Government to provide.	0
So we prowl from house to house looking for flies captured in spider webs and we set them free. 	1
103. The Special Representative is concerned about the great number of escapes from Cambodian prisons.	0
She acquired a nurse's uniform, and she snuck in every night to sit by my side. 	1
Even such basic requirements as providing a copy of the Labour Code to workers is seldom fulfilled by management.	0
My mother comes out, and he asks her for money, but she doesn't have enough. 	1
We only can create a vision of the future, how it might be, a vision which reveals disruptive ideas, which is inspiring, and this is the most important reason which breaks the chains of common thinking. 	1
113. The Special Representative notes with appreciation the adoption on 6 October 1997 of the Law on Abortion which lays down the procedures and conditions for abortion.	0
So that's why it looks maybe a little bit weird, especially to the people who deal with structures in general. 	1
It is estimated that between 70,000 and 120,000 people are infected with HIV.	0
So we see a clear need of active health promotion, especially in the case of the old people. 	1
Violence in the home remains of particular concern to the Special Representative.	0
My belief is that the airplane of the future will get its own consciousness. 	1
This will be very different in the future. 	1
117. The Special Representative is alarmed by reports of an increasing number of cases of rape.	0
It takes a lot of weight, and it follows the classical design rules. 	1
120. Trafficking of children and women for the purpose of prostitution continues.	0
So you really align them to wood, and you take this wood and make morphological optimization, so you make structures, sub-structures, which allows you to transmit electrical energy or data. 	1
A recent phenomenon is the use of drugs, including glue and amphetamines, by street children.	0
For two years, I volunteered on an ambulance in Jerusalem. 	1
As you see now, I'm walking around like crazy, meshugenah. 	1
The traditional lifestyles and livelihoods of Hill Tribes in the north-eastern provinces have been disrupted owing to the unabated illegal logging that is taking place.	0
Arabs were saving Jews. Jews were saving Arabs. 	1
143. Prison conditions in Cambodia continue to be very poor and the problem of the delayed and insufficient provision from the State budget of funds for food and necessities for prisons remains.	0
Arabs and Jews, they don't always get along together, but here in this situation, the communities, literally, it's an unbelievable situation that happened, the diversities, all of a sudden they had a common interest: Let's save lives together. 	1
146. The Special Representative is concerned about the lack of progress in the field of women’s rights.	0
I never imagined that one day I'd be speaking at TEDMED. 	1
After the 1998 election, still fewer than 10 per cent of the members of the National Assembly are female.	0
A training curriculum on workers’ rights was completed.	0
Many people have harmed me in my life, and I remember them all, but the memories grow pale and faint in comparison with the people who've helped me. 	1
In each office, a Cambodian Human Rights Officer is supported by an international United Nations Volunteer Adviser.	0
Throughout all of this, what I would ultimately realize was that each voice was closely related to aspects of myself, and that each of them carried overwhelming emotions that I'd never had an opportunity to process or resolve, memories of sexual trauma and abuse, of anger, shame, guilt, low self-worth. 	1
1 See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1993, Supplement No. 3 (E/1993/23), chap. II, sect. A.	0
7 Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-first Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/51/40), vol. I, annex V, para. 19.	0
And I remember the most moving and extraordinary moment when supporting another young woman who was terrorized by her voices, and becoming fully aware, for the very first time, that I no longer felt that way myself but was finally able to help someone else who was. 	1
This type of society is not only possible, it's already on its way. 	1
I want to go back to Indonesia where I was about 21, 22 years, a long time ago, on a fellowship. 	1
6. The Special Representative was particularly interested in reviewing with the Government of Rwanda the progress achieved in the establishment and functioning of the National Human Rights Commission following the discussions he had had on this subject with all Government officials during his previous visits to Rwanda, discussions which were summarized in his report to the Commission on Human Rights (E/CN.4/1998/60, para. 39).	0
And there were these incredible artists that felt for me like an eternity as they performed. 	1
I love that people are willing to fill in the blanks. 	1
25. The Government of Rwanda is very much aware of the necessity to move forward in order to enable the National Human Rights Commission to become operational.	0
The Special Representative also takes note of efforts by the Rwandan Patriotic Army to assist international organizations in bringing food to displaced populations.	0
And it was the sand castle, the idea of nurture versus nature, that we build these civilizations -- she speaks about it at the end, Helen Mirren's Prospera -- we build them, but under nature, under the grand tempest, these cloud-capped towers, these gorgeous palaces will fade and there will -- leave not a rack behind. 	1
In essence, a functioning judicial system has been installed, representing a significant improvement over the situation four years ago.	0
The Specialized Chamber of the Byumba Court of First Instance tried 51 persons accused of various degrees of participation in the genocide under one case.	0
I'm on the precipice looking down into a dead volcano to my left. 	1
It is hoped that those verdicts will serve as the first step on the path to eradicating impunity.	0
Also, the rate of new arrests has significantly decreased compared to 1997.	0
Now, the car you see in front of you is quite complicated. 	1
Overall prison capacity in Rwanda is less than half the actual population in detention.	0
The cooperation of these organizations with international partners should continue to be encompassed under a comprehensive program.	0
So the wiggly lines at the top, all the colors, this is the normal sort of data you would see on a monitor -- heart rate, pulse, oxygen within the blood, and respiration. 	1
This in turn underlines the need for better training of police inspectors in human rights standards and investigation techniques.	0
And meanwhile, we'll take our little three-month-old baby, keep taking it to the track, keeping it safe, and making it faster and better. 	1
However, severe overcrowding in prisons is still a matter of grave concern, and the reported increase of the mortality rate in prisons is alarming.	0
81. Civil society, in particular human rights groups and national non-governmental organizations, play an important role in the reconstruction of justice and the establishment of a rule of law in Rwanda.	0
10 See the recommendations of the Special Rapporteur on violence against women in her report on her mission to Rwanda (E/CN.4/1998/54/Add.1).	0
Research says that mastery of other languages demands mastery of the mother tongue. 	1
Consideration of effective measures to enhance the protection, security and safety of diplomatic and consular missions and representatives	0
7. The following five eminent individuals served as honorary members of the Committee in an advisory capacity: Ms. Robin Chandler Duke, Chairperson, Population Action International; Mr. Miguel de la Madrid Hurtado, former president of Mexico; Mr. Dirk van der Kaa of the Netherlands; Ms. Shidzue Kato of Japan; and Ms. Victoria Sekitoleko, Minister of Agriculture, Animal Industry and Fisheries of Uganda.	0
The poor woman tried to translate this for him: "From them I extended my hands and stole you --"  And here's the pickle: "And because you belong to them, I returned my hands and left you." 	1
Those proposals are still under review in the Committee.	0
This is beyond just missing our chance of being modern and civilized. 	1
The two bodies meet periodically to discuss documentation, notably the following: the report being prepared by UNFPA for the international forum on the implementation of the Programme of Action to be held at The Hague, Netherlands, from 8 to 12 February 1999; the quinquennial review and appraisal being coordinated by the Population Division, with one chapter (on population programmes and resources) being written by UNFPA; and the report of the Secretary-General, being coordinated by UNFPA in consultation with the Population Division to be submitted to the General Assembly at its special session for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action.	0
It could bring the Arabic language back to being number one. 	1
7. The Commission at its thirty-first session and the Economic and Social Council, at its special session on coordinated follow-up to international conferences, held from 10 to 13 May 1998, and at its substantive session of 1998, continued to provide guidance on matters pertaining to the United Nations system-wide efforts and country efforts to promote the implementation of the Programme of Action and monitor progress in meeting the commitments, objectives and goals of the Conference.	0
At the first meeting, held during the thirty-first session of the Commission, the Chairman underscored the importance of United Nations system involvement in the five-year review process and detailed the nature of the review.	0
We've made a system which is basically a live production machine, a real-time music production machine, and it enables me to, using nothing but my voice, create music in real time as I hear it in my head unimpeded by any physical restrictions that my body might place on me. 	1
The NGO Forum will provide non-governmental organizations with the opportunity to formulate their contribution to the international forum and the special session.	0
 There's always got to be a bit of a dance at the start, because it's just fun, so you can clap along if you want. 	1
I'm going to lay down a bass sound now. 	1
The conference, being convened by the organization Health, Empowerment, Rights and Accountability, has requested representatives from all regions to provide a regional overview of the implementation of the Programme of Action, specifically focusing on the financing and partnership commitments.	0
It is possible, and you can do it very simply using this machine. It's really fantastic. Check it out. 	1
The regional report is expected to be available by 15 December 1998.	0
I tend to win those arguments, because I know the tricks. 	1
28. The main outcome of the meeting of the ECLAC Ad Hoc Committee on Population and Development is contained in ECLAC resolutions 571 (XXVII) and 572 (XXVII).	0
But those aren't the important arguments. 	1
In that context, in its resolution 571 (XXVII), ECLAC urged Governments to ensure that reproductive health and gender equality are considered a central component of all strategies for social development and of their plans to eradicate poverty.	0
First, what do good arguers win when they win an argument? 	1
35. The Round Table on Ensuring Reproductive Rights and Implementing Sexual and Reproductive Health Programmes, including Women’s Empowerment, Male Involvement and Human Rights, took place at Kampala, from 22 to 25 June 1998.	0
Of those three, the argument as war is the dominant one. 	1
Here's a quick video to show you how it works. 	1
In the follow-up and implementation phase a significant role can be played by the University, particularly in relation to capacity- building and impact evaluation.	0
So in conclusion, I've found the five senses theory to be a very useful tool in evaluating different experiences in my life, and then taking those best experiences and hopefully incorporating them into my designs. 	1
The research and analysis of adequate evaluation methodologies, along with ways of establishing more systematic arrangements to facilitate the sharing of information and good practices with the building of effective institutional memory, are very important aspects that need further attention.	0
Greater efforts are being made to increase awareness of the work of UNU.	0
Now Nanny's great other insight was to think, perhaps we should get Derek something to play, and sure enough, she dragged this little keyboard out of the loft, never thinking really that anything much would come of it. 	1
1. Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery	0
This is a photo of you, Derek, playing at the Barbican with the Royal Philharmonic Pops. 	1
Trafficking has also been the subject of several regional non-governmental organizations consultations, which have highlighted the complex nature of the problem, including a consultation on the theme “The trafficking of newly independent States’ women abroad”, held at Moscow from 3 to 5 November 1997; a consultation on the theme “Organizing against trafficking in women and sexual exploitation regionally and globally”, held at Dhaka from 26 to 29 June 1998; and a transnational training seminar on trafficking in women, held at Budapest from 20 to 24 June 1998.	0
 Well, forget the terminology, Derek. Fantastic. 	1
15. At its twenty-third session (see E/CN.4/Sub.2/1998/14), the Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery addressed trafficking in women and girls under several agenda items, and adopted a number of recommendations in this regard.4	0
DP: Very interesting, Adam, yes. Long-haul flights. Yes. 	1
17. The Subcommission invited the Committees on the Elimination of Discrimination against Women and the Rights of the Child to elaborate general recommendations to clarify State reporting procedures with regard to traffic in persons and related practices of sexual exploitation.	0
DP: He played "Chopsticks." AO: And played "Chopsticks." 	1
These have included a project directed at girls in Russian orphanages that aims to educate them on trafficking and sexual slavery and provide them with information on available assistance.	0
I am the only architect in the world making buildings out of paper like this cardboard tube, and this exhibition is the first one I did using paper tubes. 	1
33. Measures to encourage victims of trafficking to identify traffickers and act as witnesses in criminal prosecutions should also be explored.	0
We stayed there for six years without paying any rent. 	1
These might include restrictions on deportation where victims are prepared to act as witnesses, and witness protection measures.	0
36. Broad-based ongoing educational and awareness-raising campaigns, including the media, to combat domestic and international trafficking should be introduced nationally, subregionally, regionally and internationally.	0
That is our profession, even historically it's the same, even now we are doing the same. 	1
Research into the precise scale and extent of trafficking and the modus operandi of traffickers should be encouraged so as to provide a concrete basis for legal and policy change.	0
So I thought, even as architects, we can be involved in the reconstruction of temporary housing. 	1
Finally the priest, finally he trusted me to rebuild. 	1
O. The former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia . 368–384 55	0
Year 2010 in Haiti, there was a big earthquake, but it's impossible to fly over, so I went to Santo Domingo, next-door country, to drive six hours to get to Haiti with the local students in Santo Domingo to build 50 units of shelter out of local paper tubes. 	1
As at 31 July 1998, there were 33 States parties to the Second Optional Protocol, an increase of three in the past year.	0
If you're an average sort of person, 36 percent of your life will be spent asleep, which means that if you live to 90, then 32 years will have been spent entirely asleep. 	1
Sixty-second session (16-20 March 1998): the Working Group on Communications and the Working Group on Article 40 were composed of Mr. Ando, Mr. Bhagwati, Mr. Buergenthal, Mr. El Shafei, Ms. Evatt and Ms. Medina Quiroga; Mr. Ando was elected Chairman/Rapporteur.	0
And our ignorance about sleep is really quite profound. 	1
2 Jamaica withdrew from the Optional Protocol, with effect from 23 January 1998.	0
The outcome of the eighth meeting was discussed at the sixty-first session and the outcomes of both meetings were discussed at the sixty-second session of the Committee.	0
One of the things that the brain does is indulge in micro-sleeps, this involuntary falling asleep, and you have essentially no control over it. 	1
So at this point in the talk, this is a nice time to think, "Well, do you think on the whole I'm getting enough sleep?" 	1
At the same time, the Committee appreciates the detailed and updated information provided orally bythe delegation in the course of its consideration of the report.	0
And last year, we published a study which showed that a gene that's been linked to schizophrenia, when mutated, also smashes the sleep. 	1
2. Factors and difficulties affecting the implementation of the Covenant	0
So we have evidence of a genuine mechanistic overlap between these two important systems. 	1
In the field of law reform, the Committee notes with appreciation the criminalization of torture in the Penal Code.	0
In terms of the neuroscience, by understanding these two systems, we're really beginning to understand how both sleep and mental illness are generated and regulated within the brain. 	1
The Committee recognizes that eight years of war with the Islamic Republic of Iran and the conflict following Iraq's invasion of Kuwait caused the destruction of part of the country's infrastructure and considerable human suffering, and produced a very difficult economic and social situation in Iraq.	0
 Euler discovered at the time the world's biggest prime:  - 1. 	1
The Committee regrets that many of its questions relating to allegations of serious violations of rights were not answered.	0
 But one of the great things about the search for massive primes, it's not just finding the primes. 	1
The application of this decree should be suspended without delay and steps should be taken to repeal it.	0
These are the largest prime numbers we knew decade by decade, each one dwarfing the one before as computers took over and our power to calculate just grew and grew. 	1
And during that time, since I've left university, these numbers have got bigger and bigger, each one dwarfing the last, until along came this man, Dr. Curtis Cooper, who a few years ago held the record for the largest ever prime, only to see it snatched away by a rival university. 	1
The Committee considered the second periodic report of the Sudan (CCPR/C/75/Add.2) at its 1628th and 1629th meetings, on 28 October 1997, and at its 1642nd meeting, on 5 November 1997, adopted the following observations.	0
It's got a remarkably clear yes/no answer, and just requires phenomenal grunt. 	1
The Committee is deeply concerned about the practice of female genital mutilation in the Sudan, particularly because it is practised on female minors, who may suffer the consequences throughout their lives.	0
How lucky are we to live in this age when mind and machine can work together? 	1
The Government of the Sudan should bring all places of detention under the control of the Prison Service, take the necessary measures to bring prison conditions into line with article 10 of the Covenant and with the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners, and cooperate with the international community and non-governmental organizations in this regard as appropriate.	0
In 2005, our prime minister was assassinated, and the country came to a complete standstill, so we organized a five-kilometer United We Run campaign. 	1
The Committee emphasizes that the enjoyment of the rights protected by article 25 of the Covenant requires full recognition of freedom of expression and the right to impart and receive ideas of all kinds, including those in opposition to the Government.	0
When the opposition party decided to shut down part of the city center, we negotiated alternative routes. 	1
You know, the marathon has really become one of its kind. 	1
The Committee also welcomes the statistics provided by the delegation on the participation of women in the labour force in the private and public sectors, although it regrets that they were not disaggregated so as to reveal the number of women occupying senior posts.	0
The culture of giving and doing good has become contagious. 	1
The Committee notes in particular the persistence of political attitudes that are intolerant of dissent or criticism and adverse to the promotion and full protection of human rights, the lack of legislative limits on the powers of the executive, and the growing concentration of powers, including legislative powers, in the hands of the executive, without judicial control.	0
The Committee notes with concern that the number of crimes for which the death penalty is applicable under the Criminal Code is still very high, and that decrees defining new crimes punishable by death, such as Presidential Decree No. 21 of 21 October 1997, have recently been enacted.	0
The Committee recommends that, in order to combat impunity, steps be taken to ensure that all allegations of ill-treatment and unlawful use of weapons by security and police officials be promptly and impartially investigated by an independent body, that the perpetrators be prosecuted and punished, and that the victims be compensated.	0
Steve Ramirez: My first year of grad school, I found myself in my bedroom eating lots of Ben &amp; Jerry's watching some trashy TV and maybe, maybe listening to Taylor Swift. 	1
Now, as it turns out, I'm a neuroscientist, so I knew that the memory of that person and the awful, emotional undertones that color in that memory, are largely mediated by separate brain systems. 	1
The Committee notes the statement of the delegation of Belarus that legislation on conscientious objection to military service is envisaged.	0
If you were to just completely ignore human ethics for a second and slice up my brain right now, you would see that there was an amazing number of brain regions that were active while recalling that memory. 	1
Now one brain region that would be robustly active in particular is called the hippocampus, which for decades has been implicated in processing the kinds of memories that we hold near and dear, which also makes it an ideal target to go into and to try and find and maybe reactivate a memory. 	1
The many restrictions imposed on the media, in particular the vaguely defined offences, are incompatible with article 19, paragraph 3, of the Covenant.	0
XL: So we clipped part of this sensor, and attached that to a switch to control the cells, and we packed this switch into an engineered virus and injected that into the brain of the mice. 	1
After a kind of long, awkward period of time, Steve broke the silence. 	1
The Committee expresses its appreciation for the constructive dialogue with the delegation which enabled it to gain a deeper understanding of the human rights situation in Cyprus, in particular of the mandates and functioning of the national machineries in place to protect and promote human rights in the country.	0
In relation to cases of alleged brutality, ill-treatment and torture by the police, the Committee urges the State party to take firm measures to ensure an effective remedy to any victim of such human rights violation.	0
What I do in my art is I skip the canvas altogether, and if I want to paint your portrait, I'm painting it on you, physically on you. 	1
I wanted to think about what else I could put shadows on, and I thought of my friend Bernie. 	1
The last time I'd painted, I was 16 years old at summer camp, and I didn't want to teach myself how to paint by copying the old masters or stretching a canvas and practicing over and over again on that surface, because that's not what this project was about for me. 	1
Educational campaigns should be undertaken and institutional mechanisms should be established to address all forms of violence against women, and to provide assistance to victims of violence.	0
I was teaching myself how to paint in all these different styles, and I wanted to see what else I could do with it. 	1
Let me start with the study that made me rethink my whole approach to stress. 	1
The Committee fixed the date for the submission of Zimbabwe’s second periodic report as June 2002.	0
The Committee reiterates its concern about the constitutional provisions relating to the declaration of a state of emergency.	0
(a) The Committee is particularly concerned with article 55 of the Code in accordance with which a suspect may be placed in “incommunicado” detention until a decision is taken as to whether he should be committed to stand trial, and with the fact that during this period the judge may restrict contact by the suspect with a lawyer.	0
Before they went through the social stress test, they were taught to rethink their stress response as helpful. 	1
The Committee notes that the reservations entered by Finland upon ratification of the Covenant with respect to articles 10(2)(b) and (3), 14(7) and 20(1) are still in force and recommends that consideration be given to the withdrawal of these reservations.	0
They also asked, "How much time have you spent helping out friends, neighbors, people in your community?" 	1
You're saying that you can trust yourself to handle life's challenges. 	1
C. Principal subjects of concern, suggestions and recommendations	0
CA: Thank you so much, Kelly. It's pretty cool. 	1
It also recommends that the State party abrogate those provisions of the Code of Criminal Procedure which prevent a prostitute from being considered as a suitable witness in trials.	0
One of the most exciting scientific findings has been the discovery of widespread trophic cascades. 	1
If legislation is to be enacted for the purpose of authorizing interrogation techniques, such a law should explicitly prohibit all forms of treatment prohibited by article 7.	0
Why shouldn't all of us have a Serengeti on our doorsteps? 	1
Noting that segregation involves substantial isolation and may be extended over long periods of time, the Committee recalls its General Comment 20 (44) in which it noted that prolonged solitary confinement of a detained or imprisoned person may violate article 7.	0
In motivating people to love and defend the natural world, an ounce of hope is worth a ton of despair. 	1
The Committee is concerned that Arab women citizens of Israel have in some cases been required to relinquish their citizenship should they marry a Palestinian and apply for residence in the occupied territories.	0
My grandfather was a cab driver for 40 years. 	1
The Committee urges early implementation of measures currently under consideration to facilitate civil marriages and civil burial for those who do not belong to a religion.	0
Our latest engagement is the Cleveland Museum of Art, which we've created an engagement called Gallery One for. 	1
Widespread and indiscriminate attacks against the civilian population, involving the loss of innumerable human lives, and a general climate of violence heighten the responsibilities of the State party to re—establish and maintain the conditions necessary for the enjoyment and protection of fundamental rights and freedoms in Algeria.	0
Voice 9: We were actually in a meeting when someone barged in and said, "Oh my God, a plane has just crashed into the World Trade Center." 	1
The Committee is also concerned at the lack of timely or preventive measures of protection to the victims from police or military officials in the vicinity and at the persistent allegations of collusion of members of the security forces in terrorist attacks.	0
Voice 15: So I switched on the television. 	1
And so these oral histories, which we've actually been capturing already for years, are then mixed together with interviews that we're doing with people like Donald Rumsfeld, Bill Clinton, Rudy Giuliani, and you mix together these different players and these different experiences, these different reflection points about 9/11. 	1
In 1987, in the month our eldest son Gerard was born, I got my first blind computer, and it's actually here. 	1
The Committee recommends that the persons responsible be subjected to appropriate disciplinary or penal sanctions and, further, that the Government strengthen training programmes on human rights for the police and establish permanent mechanisms for ongoing instruction with the participation of international agencies and experts in the field.	0
Optical character recognition units then only operated usually on one font, but by using charge-coupled device flatbed scanners and speech synthesizers, he developed a machine that could read any font. 	1
The Roma population are a matter of particular concern.	0
One is another American inventor Ted Henter. 	1
The Committee further recommends that the State party continue to encourage minority participation in the design, organization and functioning of the educational system, in particular at the secondary and higher educational levels, and provide for the training of teachers of minority languages in public establishments.	0
Ted was a motorcycle racer, but in 1978 he had a car accident and lost his sight, which is devastating if you're trying to ride motorbikes. 	1
The Committee recommends that the State party disseminate widely the text of its initial report, as well as the present concluding observations.	0
He then turned to being a waterskier and was a champion disabled waterskier. 	1
The restoration of political pluralism, by means of amending the Constitution, has enabled the whole population to participate in all aspects of public affairs (art. 25).	0
I'm going to ask that we play it at the speed I read it. 	1
Many limitations on freedom of expression have been eased on the Tanzanian mainland for the press, radio and television (art. 19).	0
  RM: You know, when you're marking student essays, you want to get through them fairly quickly. 	1
There remain unanswered several concerns of the Committee, which were noted by the delegation, and it is anticipated that full, up—to—date answers will be provided in the fourth periodic report.	0
So today, computer viruses and trojans, designed to do everything from stealing data to watching you in your webcam to the theft of billions of dollars. 	1
At its sixty-second session, Mr. Eckart Klein submitted to the Committee a draft general comment on article 12.	0
And, just to kind of tear down a myth here, lots of people think that when you get infected with a computer virus, it's because you went to a porn site. 	1
There was a general discussion of the draft in plenary.	0
Right? Well, actually, statistically speaking, if you only visit porn sites, you're safer. 	1
The working group of the sixty-third session discussed and amended the revised draft and submitted it to the plenary.	0
People normally write that down, by the way.  Actually, about 80 percent of these are small business websites getting infected. 	1
1 On 29 October 1997, the Chairperson wrote to the Ambassador of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea emphasizing that the Human Rights Committee is the only competent body established by the Covenant to address questions relating to States parties’ reports submitted under article 40 of the Covenant.	0
Well you, my friend, you've came to the right place. 	1
But regardless, it's amazing how many products and services are available now to cybercriminals. 	1
At its thirty-fifth session, the Committee decided to designate a Special Rapporteur to process new communications as they were received, i.e., between sessions of the Committee.	0
Chasing 250,000 pieces of malware a day is a massive challenge, and those numbers are only growing directly in proportion to the length of my stress line, you'll note here. 	1
The rule also provides that the Committee is not precluded from examining a communication if it is established that the application of the remedies in question is unreasonably prolonged.	0
Article 6, paragraph 5, prohibits the imposition of the death sentence for crimes committed by persons below 18 years of age.	0
Your wireless network name is so unique that I was able to pinpoint it with no hacking or clever, clever tricks. 	1
Follow-up consultations with the Permanent Mission of Ecuador were conducted during the sixty-first session (see para. 493 below).	0
The State party provides information about recent legal measures taken to protect cultural sites and provides examples of their successful application.	0
The State party notes that Mr. Del Cid was assisted by specialist lawyers during his trial, and that these lawyers should initiate actions to claim the compensation recommended by the Committee.	0
I had never thought about insects living in complex societies. 	1
We need a beautiful diversity of flowers that blooms over the entire growing season, from spring to fall. 	1
So let the small act of planting flowers and keeping them free of pesticides be the driver of large-scale change. 	1
Switzerland 18 September 1992 18 September 1997	0
They should also abstain from acting as experts, consultants or counsels for any Government in a matter that might come up for consideration before the Committee.	0
We used a measure of ecological diversity to get this. 	1
And those algorithms, whilst being kind of useful, are also very, very narrow, and we can do better than that, because we can realize that their complexity is not random. 	1
Rather, it could be much more like this. 	1
But decades of work in psychology has shown that this just isn't true. 	1
i At its fifty-third session (1415th meeting), following the consideration of a report of Haiti submitted pursuant to a special decision, the Committee decided to extend the deadline for the submission of the initial report of Haiti from 5 May 1992 to 31 December 1996.	0
In a study we published just a few months ago, we have an answer to this question, because what was unusual about this study is we arranged for people to have a very stressful experience. 	1
And when I began looking into these cases, I was wondering, where do these bizarre memories come from? 	1
But probably the worst was I suspected that a woman was innocent of abuse that was being claimed by her grown daughter. 	1
Therapists can't ethically plant false memories in the mind of their patients even if it would help the patient, but there's nothing to stop a parent from trying this out on their overweight or obese teenager. 	1
Most people cherish their memories, know that they represent their identity, who they are, where they came from. 	1
IRAQ Representative Mr. Dhari K. Mahmood, Director-General of the Ministry of Justice	0
Ms. Irma Ertman, Deputy Director General, Ministry for Foreign Affairs	0
The ignorant are clearly unenlightened, unaware, uninformed, and present company today excepted, often occupy elected offices, it seems to me. 	1
Consequently, the possibility of termination, denunciation or withdrawal must be considered in the light of applicable rules of customary international law which are reflected in the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties.	0
Another one, a kind of popular one, is the iceberg idea, that we only see the tip of the iceberg but underneath is where most of the iceberg is hidden. 	1
It should not be the practice to have all concluding observations adopted at the end of the session; efforts should be made to have concluding observations discussed in plenary (in private session) whenever a text is ready and time is available, at the discretion of the Chairperson.	0
And finally you get your Ph.D., where it turns out you know a tremendous amount about almost nothing.  What's really disturbing is the trend line that goes through that because, of course, when it dips below the zero axis, there, it gets into a negative area. 	1
CCPR/C/81/Add.13 Initial report of Israel	0
I'll give you an example from my own lab, my own particularly smelly question, since we work on the sense of smell. 	1
CCPR/C/61/GUI Guidelines for the exercise of their functions by members	0
I guess it comes down to our education system, so I'm going to talk a little bit about ignorance and education, because I think that's where it really has to play out. 	1
And initially, that archaeologist would be baffled. 	1
Vice-Chairpersons: Mrs. Judith Karp (Israel)	0
And he asked that particular person, what do crows and fish have in common? 	1
You know, I can eat a fish. I can't eat a crow. 	1
It further welcomes the planned study on the health of mothers and children, and looks forward to receiving a copy of the results from the two studies once they are completed.	0
And even down in grade school, things have changed. 	1
32. The Committee notes the need for further reforms in the field of juvenile justice and treatment of young offenders to ensure full implementation of articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention.	0
And we can only meet the terms of employment in the modern world by being cognitively far more flexible. 	1
42. The Committee recommends that the State party strengthen the existing overall priority which is given in the national budget to child-related programmes in accordance with article 4 of the Convention.	0
The Committee recommends that further steps be taken towards decentralization of social services so as to afford children outside the capital open and easy access to basic social services and education.	0
My father was born in 1885, and he was mildly racially biased. 	1
(c) Factors and difficulties impeding the implementation of	0
That is, they had moved so far from the concrete world that they could even ignore the appearance of the symbols that were involved in the question. 	1
I was suicidal, and if you were to look at my life on the surface, you wouldn't see a kid who was suicidal. 	1
State intervention in religious principles and procedures seems to be most unfortunate for the whole generation of boys and girls among the Tibetan population.	0
My pain, more than anything in 19 years on this planet, has given me perspective, and my hurt, my hurt has forced me to have hope, have hope and to have faith, faith in myself, faith in others, faith that it can get better, that we can change this, that we can speak up and speak out and fight back against ignorance, fight back against intolerance, and more than anything, learn to love ourselves, 	1
116. The Committee shares the State party's concern that there has been an upsurge in recent years of kidnapping and abduction of children.	0
The Committee suggests that further attention be accorded to reviewing the effectiveness of procedures available to children for the presentation and investigation of complaints of their abuse or neglect, in the event of such violations arising from, inter alia, domestic violence and abuse in institutions or detention facilities.	0
And the Israelites dig in along the northern ridge, and the Philistines dig in along the southern ridge, and the two armies just sit there for weeks and stare at each other, because they're deadlocked. 	1
146. The Committee welcomes the decision of the Government to hold a press conference in Nepal prior to the consideration by the Committee of its initial report, as a means to create awareness in the public at large of the international commitments undertaken to promote and protect children's rights.	0
And a slinger is someone who has a leather pouch with two long cords attached to it, and they put a projectile, either a rock or a lead ball, inside the pouch, and they whirl it around like this and they let one of the cords go, and the effect is to send the projectile forward towards its target. 	1
The Committee is also concerned about the gap between existing legislation and its practical implementation.	0
153. As regards the implementation of article 4 of the Convention, the Committee is concerned about the failure of the Government to accord priority to the implementation of economic, social and cultural rights of children to the maximum extent of available resources.	0
Come up to me because we're going to fight, hand to hand, like this. 	1
It is worried about the absence of measures to combat this phenomenon and the lack of rehabilitation measures.	0
The Committee also encourages the State party to consider the establishment of an independent mechanism, such as an ombudsperson or a human rights commission, to monitor the realization of the rights of the child and to deal with individual complaints relating thereto.	0
They are symbolically fed and cared for, and the family at this time will begin a number of ritual injunctions, which communicates to the wider community around them that one of their members is undergoing the transition from this life into the afterlife known as Puya. 	1
192. The Committee is deeply concerned about the insufficient efforts to collect disaggregated statistical data and to identify appropriate qualitative and quantitative indicators on the situation of children, particularly those belonging to the most disadvantaged groups, including those living and/or working on the street, victims of abuse, neglect or ill-treatment and internally displaced children.	0
So I know what some of you must be thinking right now. 	1
Equally, the Committee is deeply concerned that national legislation does not prohibit capital punishment or life imprisonment without the possibility of release, as required by the provisions of article 37 (a) of the Convention.	0
So Torajans express this idea of this enduring relationship by lavishing love and attention on the most visible symbol of that relationship, the human body. 	1
It is further suggested that the State party request international cooperation in this regard, particularly from the United Nations Children's Fund.	0
213. The Committee recommends that the State party introduce the measures necessary to monitor and supervise effectively the system of adoption of children in the light of article 21 of the Convention.	0
So my name is Amy Webb, and a few years ago I found myself at the end of yet another fantastic relationship that came burning down in a spectacular fashion. 	1
242. The Committee recommends that the State party undertake legislative reform to ensure that legislation conforms fully with all the provisions of the Convention, in particular its general principles (arts. 2, 3, 6 and 12).	0
I am totally down with splitting the bill. 	1
248. The Committee also encourages the State party to consider extending the mandate of the ombudsperson to enable him or her to receive and process all complaints relating to all types of issues affecting children.	0
I'm going to shove it into my bag, I'm going to have this email template, and I'm going to fill it out and collect information on all these different data points during the date to prove to everybody that empirically, these dates really are terrible. 	1
The Committee recognizes the will of the Government to engage in a process of law reform in relation to children's issues and is encouraged by the drafting of a new Labour Code.	0
269. The Committee is concerned that appropriate measures have not yet been taken to prevent and combat ill-treatment of children within the family and at the lack of information on this matter.	0
For 900 points, I'd agree to go out on a date, and I wouldn't even consider any kind of relationship before somebody had crossed the 1,500 point threshold. 	1
The problems of the exploitation of child labour, in particular the use of young girls as domestic workers, and child prostitution also require special attention.	0
Well, as it turns out, this worked pretty well. 	1
Efforts should be made to ensure implementation of policies and measures for the promotion and protection of the rights of the child, at both central and local levels, in cooperation with United Nations bodies and specialized agencies, including the United Nations Children's Fund and the International Labour Organization.	0
The Committee would like to suggest that the Government of Morocco consider seeking international assistance in this area of the administration of juvenile justice from the United Nations High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights and the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division of the United Nations Office at Vienna.	0
Well, one month later, I had a lot of data, and I was able to do another analysis. 	1
It is additionally noted that the persistence of certain harmful traditional practices and customs has had a negative bearing on the enjoyment of the rights guaranteed under the Convention.	0
And that's what we would normally do in the usual process of courtship. 	1
300. In view of the considerable incidence of poverty in the country and the insufficiency of the minimum wage in meeting basic needs, the Committee views the absence of social support to families, including single-parent families, especially female-headed households, as a matter of serious concern.	0
They said, "What? You're still being too damn picky." 	1
308. The Committee is of the view that insufficient measures have been taken for the implementation of article 32 of the Convention to prevent and combat the economic exploitation of children.	0
309. The Committee recommends that the Government consider, on an urgent basis, the adoption of the children's decree, drafted in conformity with the principles and provisions of the Convention.	0
An image is worth more than a thousand words, so I'm going to start my talk by stop talking and show you a few images that I recently captured. 	1
Measures must also be taken to ensure that discipline in school is administered in conformity with the provisions of article 28, paragraph 2, of the Convention.	0
Let me now turn to another project which involves less harmful substances. 	1
In this connection, the Committee recommends that the State party consider seeking international assistance in this area from the United Nations High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights and the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division of the United Nations Secretariat.	0
Here's a question we need to rethink together: What should be the role of money Today, there are very few things that money can't buy. 	1
The Committee, while acknowledging that the Bill contains provisions recognizing the two major human rights covenants, the articles of which also apply to children, considers it regrettable that the Bill contains no specific reference to the Convention on the Rights of the Child.	0
If the only thing that money determined was access to yachts or fancy vacations or BMWs, then inequality wouldn't matter very much. 	1
It is also suggested that steps be taken to reflect and duly take into account in national legislation the holistic and comprehensive approach to the implementation of the rights of the child recommended by the Committee.	0
You don't have to take it out of your budget. 	1
The Committee recommends the establishment of an independent mechanism specifically to monitor the implementation of government policy in relation to the rights of the child.	0
How many would be in favor and how many would be opposed to giving it a try? 	1
It is the view of the Committee, therefore, that measures must be taken immediately to ensure a marked improvement in their conditions of detention and that other measures to protect these children in the future must be put in place.	0
Economists often assume that markets are inert, that they do not touch or taint the goods they exchange. 	1
394. The Committee takes note of the establishment in 1990, by Act of Parliament, of the National Children's Council, set up under the aegis of the Ministry of Women's Rights, Child Development and Family Welfare, and welcomes the recent establishment of an interministerial committee on child prostitution.	0
Now these are controversial questions, and so we tend to shrink from them. 	1
399. The Committee is aware of the geographical particularities of Mauritius.	0
Against the background of rising inequality, marketizing every aspect of life leads to a condition where those who are affluent and those who are of modest means increasingly live separate lives. 	1
400. The Committee is concerned that the Convention is not an integral part of the national legislation and that national laws and regulations are not fully consistent with the principles and provisions of the Convention.	0
Budget allocations for the implementation of economic, social and cultural rights should be ensured to the maximum extent of available resources and in the light of the best interests of the child.	0
482. With regard to adoption, the Committee recommends that appropriate legal and institutional steps be taken to fully harmonize law and procedures, at both the national and international levels, with the principles and provisions of the Convention.	0
Streets are some of the most valuable resources that a city has, and yet it's an asset that's largely hidden in plain sight. 	1
Furthermore, the Committee expresses concern at the possibility, mentioned above, provided for in article 172 of the Penal Code to sentence children to corporal punishment at the sole discretion of the judge, in particular with regard to the "bad or good character" of the child in determining the penalty to be applied to the child, and at the possible limitations of the right to legal counsel.	0
518. The Committee recommends that appropriate legislative measures be adopted and implemented with regard to adoption of children, in the light of the principles of the best interests of the child and respect for his or her views and articles 20 and 21 of the Convention.	0
Today, when we hear the threats of war and the high rhetoric, we're oftentimes led to believe that this is yet another one of those unsolvable Middle Eastern conflicts with roots as old as the region itself. 	1
It is also recommended that adequate training be provided to concerned professionals.	0
But with the end of the Cold War came also the end of the Israeli-Iranian cold peace. 	1
Taking into account the strategy being developed, the Committee recommends that the State party focus greater efforts on eradicating illiteracy and on increasing access to school education by indigenous children and children living in rural areas.	0
Without Iraq balancing Iran, Iran could now become a threat, some in Israel argued. 	1
The Committee suggests that Panama consider becoming a party to International Labour Organization Convention No. 138 concerning the minimum age for admission to employment and review all relevant standards.	0
Iran had put itself in isolation and after having helped the United States indirectly in the war against Iraq in 1991, the Iranians were hoping that they would be rewarded by being included in the post-war security architecture of the region. 	1
567. The Committee notes that the State party has been deeply affected by years of internal conflict that has gravely disturbed some regions of the country.	0
When Iran and Israel's security imperatives dictated collaboration, they did so in spite of lethal ideological opposition to each other. 	1
The Committee is also worried that the law prohibiting discrimination fails to conform fully to article 2 of the Convention by not explicitly protecting children from discrimination on the basis of political or other opinion, ethnic or social origin, disability of the child or his or her parents.	0
This is an analogy that is deliberately aimed at eliminating diplomacy, and when you eliminate diplomacy, you make war inevitable. 	1
589. The Committee recommends that the State party undertake a comprehensive review of the national legislation to bring it into conformity with the principles and provisions of the Convention, especially in the areas of non-discrimination, citizenship, freedom of association, corporal punishment, child labour, adoption and the administration of juvenile justice.	0
It was not a main driver of behavior, nor was it a main driver of behavior change. 	1
600. The Committee further recommends that the State party take all appropriate measures, including by reinforcing existing international cooperation programmes, to reduce the rates of school drop-out and repetition.	0
And so there's good news about this, though, because there's a way to reverse epidemics, and there's really only three things that are done to reverse epidemics, and the first of it is interrupting transmission. 	1
Appropriate judicial sanctions should be applied to perpetrators and wide publicity should be given to such sanctions.	0
For this particular problem, we designed a new category of worker who, like a SARS worker or someone looking for bird flu, might find first cases. 	1
611. The Committee wishes to express its appreciation for the constructive dialogue engaged with the delegation.	0
And even a movie was made around our work. 	1
The Committee also notes with concern that disciplinary measures in schools often consist of corporal punishment although it is prohibited by law.	0
So I didn't mean to come up with this at all. 	1
The Committee also recommends that, within the review of the school curricula currently under way, special emphasis be given to the incorporation of the general principles of the Convention in the programmes of education.	0
And for a while they were familiar formats, but then radio began to evolve its own unique formats specific to that medium. 	1
In particular, it welcomes the inclusion of specific monitoring and evaluation procedures for new policy proposals submitted to the Cabinet.	0
Now Twitter, of course, has a 140-character limit. 	1
Furthermore, the Committee encourages New Zealand to extend the application of the Convention with respect to the territory of Tokelau.	0
681. The Committee also takes note of the willingness of the State party to provide international assistance to victims of emergencies, particularly in the case of 14,000 persons affected by the Chernobyl environmental disaster who received treatment offered by Cuba.	0
I think that in both of these examples, you're beginning to see ways in which people are telling stories with nonfiction content that can be built into new types of fictional storytelling. 	1
From information provided in the State party's report, the Committee notes that in certain instances statistics on the situation of children are being collected only for children up to the age of 15.	0
699. In the spirit of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action of 1993 and in the light of the discussion in the Committee, the Committee recommends that the State party consider the possibility of reviewing the declaration it made on the Convention with a view to its withdrawal.	0
Over the last 10 years, I've had the privilege to travel to over 60 countries, many of them in the emerging markets, in Latin America, Asia, and my own continent of Africa. 	1
The Committee wishes in this regard to draw the attention of the State party to the recommendations formulated in the Agenda for Action adopted at the World Congress against Commercial Sexual Exploitation of Children, held in Stockholm in 1996.	0
The economist Joe Cortright did the math and he found out that those four miles plus those 11 minutes adds up to fully three and a half percent of all income earned in the region. 	1
774. The Committee also welcomes the fact that the amount of resources allocated to social expenditures has been increased since the ratification of the Convention by Bangladesh.	0
Because we've talked a long time about diet, and we know that diet impacts weight, and weight of course impacts health. 	1
It notes in particular that an increasing proportion of resources has been devoted to the development of a primary health-care network, the provision of safe water supplies and sanitation and to disease control.	0
But we've only started talking about inactivity, and how inactivity born of our landscape, inactivity that comes from the fact that we live in a place where there is no longer any such thing as a useful walk, is driving our weight up. 	1
778. While acknowledging the openness of the State party towards the possibility of reviewing its reservations to articles 14, paragraph 1, and 21 of the Convention, the Committee remains concerned that these reservations might impede the full implementation of the Convention.	0
Do you live in a more walkable city or do you live in a less walkable city, or where in your city do you live? 	1
788. Malnutrition continues to seriously hamper the survival and development of children in the State party, which has one of the highest rates of malnourished children in the world and where calorie intake has decreased over the past decades, resulting in a higher incidence of stunting and wasting.	0
793. The situation in relation to the administration of juvenile justice, and its incompatibility with articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention and other relevant international standards, is a matter of concern to the Committee.	0
Finally, the environmental argument is fascinating, because the environmentalists turned on a dime about 10 years ago. 	1
831. The Committee is concerned that some sectors of Paraguayan society are not yet sufficiently sensitive to the needs and situation of the girl child.	0
You'd put them in the body and you wouldn't get an adverse response. 	1
872. The Committee notes that, in accordance with article 39 of the Convention, steps have been taken to provide special services to assist children who are victims of the violence prevailing in the country, in order to promote physical and psychological recovery and social reintegration of those children.	0
We still need chemistry, we still need mechanics, we still need really interesting topography, and we still need really interesting ways to surround the cells. 	1
876. The Committee notes with concern that inadequate measures have been taken by the State party to harmonize national legislation with the principles and provisions of the Convention.	0
The Committee notes in particular that the Family Code currently in force in Algeria does not adequately address all the rights recognized in the Convention.	0
Throughout my career, I've been fortunate enough to work with many of the great international architects, documenting their work and observing how their designs have the capacity to influence the cities in which they sit. 	1
877. The Committee, while noting with appreciation the existence of various government bodies responsible for the welfare of children at the national and local levels, regrets the inadequate coordination among these bodies in promoting and protecting the rights of the child and developing a comprehensive approach to the implementation of the Convention.	0
Now 60 years later, the city has been taken over by people in very different ways from whatever perhaps intended for, like here, where you have the people sitting in the windows of the assembly hall. 	1
Furthermore, the Committee expresses its concern at the lack of specific mechanisms to register and address complaints from children concerning violations of their rights under the law and the Convention.	0
During a conversation with local architects Urban-Think Tank, I learned about the Torre David, a 45-story office building which sits right in the center of Caracas. 	1
904. With respect to the administration of juvenile justice, the Committee draws the attention of the State party to articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention, as well as to relevant United Nations standards such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty.	0
On this particular evening, I came across this live band dressed to the T in their coordinating outfits. 	1
908. The Committee notes with appreciation the submission of the initial report, the written answers to the list of issues (CRC/C/Q/AZER/1), as well as the dialogue held with the State party. While the Committee expresses its satisfaction at the additional information provided by the State party in the course of the dialogue, it nevertheless regrets that the initial report did not follow the guidelines provided by the Committee and therefore information on several areas relating to the daily life of children in Azerbaijan was not included in the document.	0
Today, they live in this area, approximately 50,000 to 70,000 people, who live in this community of self-built multi-story houses where up to three generations live in one structure. 	1
It encourages the State party to cooperate closely with non-governmental organizations.	0
He was the China representative for the American Soybean Association. 	1
In the light of article 29 (d), the Committee recommends that education on conflict resolution and education for peace, tolerance and friendship among all people be promoted in all schools.	0
Such a document should be widely distributed in order to generate debate and awareness of the Convention and its implementation and monitoring within the Government, Parliament and the general public, including concerned non-governmental organizations.	0
So he enters a clinical trial, and it works. 	1
25. Concluding observations: Lao People's Democratic Republic	0
The Committee welcomes the efforts made by the State party in adopting its "Education for All" action plan, its efforts in the area of immunization, as well as combating iodine deficiency, and its project on mainstream education for disabled children.	0
976. The Committee is concerned at the lack of awareness and information on ill-treatment and abuse of children, including sexual abuse, both within and outside the family, and the lack of appropriate measures and mechanisms to prevent and combat such abuse.	0
The persistence of corporal punishment within the family and its acceptance by society is also a matter of concern.	0
The Committee is particularly concerned at the lack of vocational training opportunities, in particular in rural and remote areas.	0
985. The situation in relation to the administration of juvenile justice, in particular its compatibility with articles 37, 39 and 40 of the Convention and other relevant standards such as the Beijing Rules, the Riyadh Guidelines and the United Nations Rules for the Protection of Juveniles Deprived of Their Liberty, is a matter of concern to the Committee.	0
How can they insist on this treatment at the end? 	1
The Committee suggests that the State party seek assistance from, among others, the United Nations Children's Fund, in this regard.	0
So Terence told me a story on that long-ago night, and I believed it. 	1
994. The Committee also recommends that a legislative framework be adopted in order to encourage the establishment of national non-governmental organizations.	0
Giving up the fight -- for that's how it felt, it felt like giving up -- meant giving up not only his life but also our story, our story of us as fighters, the story of us as invincible, and for the doctors, the story of themselves as healers. 	1
We start with an observation which, in my mind, has become clearer and clearer in the past few years, that any personal information can become sensitive information. 	1
The Committee regrets that there seems to be a lack of adequate understanding in some quarters of the community of the principles of the Convention, as well as its holistic and interrelated approach, and the importance that the Convention places on the role of the family.	0
In fact, take these technologies and push them to their logical extreme. 	1
1028. The Committee is concerned that women working in the private sector are not systematically entitled to maternity leave, which could result in different treatment between children of State employees and those working in other sectors.	0
Now you may be thinking, this does not apply to me, because I have nothing to hide. 	1
The Committee suggests that cooperation in the field of the rights of the child between the authorities and non-governmental organizations, as well as Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander communities, should also be further strengthened.	0
Now, that movie is set in 2054, about 40 years from now, and as exciting as that technology looks, it already vastly underestimates the amount of information that organizations can gather about you, and how they can use it to influence you in a way that you will not even detect. 	1
The Committee also encourages the State party to consider ratifying International Labour Organization Convention No. 138 concerning minimum age for employment.	0
Transparency. Notification. And sure enough, this worked, in the sense that the first group of subjects were much more likely to disclose than the second. 	1
1046. Finally, in the light of article 44, paragraph 6, of the Convention, the Committee recommends that the initial report and written replies presented by the State party be made widely available to the public at large and that the reports be published, along with the relevant summary records and the concluding observations adopted thereon by the Committee.	0
The way we are doing things now is not the only way they can done, and certainly not the best way they can be done. 	1
The Committee also expresses its serious concern at the increase in the number of child prostitutes and the fact that the State party does not have a clear strategy to combat the abuse and sexual exploitation of children.	0
1073. The Committee also recommends that the State party review the system of data collection and analysis and identify appropriate disaggregated indicators with a view to addressing all areas of the Convention and all groups of children in society.	0
You put water into a bottle, it becomes the bottle. 	1
It further suggests, inter alia, that the authorities adopt explicit legislation and measures to protect children from economic exploitation through employment as domestic servants and in other informal sectors, engage in research and collection of data, and promote integration and vocational training programmes.	0
I've spent my life working on sustainability. 	1
The Committee is concerned about the need to strengthen the State party's limited capacity to develop specific disaggregated indicators to evaluate progress achieved and assess the impact of existing policies on all children, in particular children belonging to minority groups.	0
The Committee expresses its concern at inadequate coordination and communication mechanisms between the Government and the non-governmental organizations dealing with children's issues.	0
About 25 years in total, and then three years ago, I found myself talking to IKEA's CEO about joining his team. 	1
The Committee expresses its concern at the lack of specific mechanisms to register and address complaints from children concerning violations of their rights under the law.	0
It uses lots of pesticides, lots of fertilizer, lots of water. 	1
The Committee recommends that the State party adopt further measures to raise awareness on prenatal services for women.	0
You've got to say that's not enough today. 	1
The Committee regards this as essential in helping to determine future policies in that regard.	0
If you're not measuring things, you don't care and you don't know. 	1
Furthermore, it welcomes the willingness of the State party to envisage ratifying the African Charter on the Rights and Welfare of the Child.	0
On having really good sustainability strategies, there are companies like Nike, Patagonia, Timberland, Marks &amp; Spencer. 	1
The Committee notes with appreciation the steps taken by the State party to translate into Kabyè and Ewé the Convention on the Rights of the Child.	0
We'll make mistakes going forward, but it's about setting a clear direction, being transparent, having a dialogue with the right partners, and choosing to lead on the issues that really count. 	1
We hear a lot about China, and they do lend a lot of money, but 60 percent of the FDI in the last couple of years has come from Europe, America, Australia, Canada. 	1
Such mechanisms can play a vital role in systematically monitoring the status of children and evaluating the progress achieved and the difficulties hampering the realization of children's rights.	0
Ten years ago, say you're Foxconn setting up an iPhone factory, by chance. 	1
It is further suggested that the State party request international cooperation in this regard from, among others, the United Nations Children's Fund.	0
Which means you're going to have new guys knocking on the door saying, "Give us a job," and, "I don't need a big pay rise, just please give me a job." 	1
1234. The Committee regrets that the Great Green Document on Human Rights, promulgated by the General People's Congress, does not include an express prohibition of discrimination on the basis of language, national, ethnic or social origin, property, disability and birth status.	0
What I like to do is try and find the countries that are doing exactly what Africa has already done, and it means that jump from 1,800 years of nothing to whoof, suddenly shooting through the roof. 	1
1241. The Committee recommends that the State party review its legislation with the aim of reforming it so that it conforms fully with the Convention.	0
Twenty years of not much growth and a trend line which is actually telling you that sub-Saharan African growth is slightly better than India. 	1
The Committee suggests that the State party consider enacting a children's code.	0
And if I then lay developing Asia on top of this, I'm saying India is 20 years ahead of Africa, I'm saying developing Asia is 10 years ahead of India, I can draw out some forecasts for the next 30 to 40 years which I think are better than the ones where you're looking backwards. 	1
1245. The Committee recommends that the system of data collection be reviewed with a view to incorporating all the areas covered by the Convention.	0
Am I really saying that there can be nothing learned, yes from the positives in Asia and India, but also the negatives? 	1
Such a system should include all children, with specific emphasis on vulnerable children and children in especially difficult circumstances, including those who are victims of abuse or ill-treatment, child workers, children involved with the administration of juvenile justice, the girl child, children of single-parent families and children born out of wedlock, abandoned, institutionalized and with disabilities.	0
Perhaps Africa can avoid some of the mistakes that have been made. 	1
The Committee suggests that the State party consider seeking technical assistance from, inter alia, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, the Centre for International Crime Prevention and the United Nations Children's Fund.	0
For this reason, the majority of theoretical physicists believe that the Higgs boson could not be the full story. 	1
1258. The Committee considered the initial report of Ireland (CRC/C/11/Add.12) at its 436th to 438th meetings, on 12 and 13 January 1998 (CRC/C/SR.436-438), and, at its 453rd meeting, on 23 January 1998, adopted the following concluding observations.	0
1262. The Committee commends the numerous efforts and concrete measures taken by the State party to protect children from sexual exploitation, including sex tourism.	0
And this intrinsic energy is what we call the mass of a particle, and by discovering the Higgs boson, the LHC has conclusively proved that this substance is real, because it is the stuff the Higgs bosons are made of. 	1
1267. The Committee draws the attention of the State party to certain lacunae in the statistical and other information collected by the State party, including with respect to the selection and development of indicators to monitor the implementation of the principles and provisions of the Convention.	0
The Committee also encourages the State party to use the principles and provisions of the Convention as a framework for its programmes of international development assistance.	0
Our calculation shows that quantum tunneling of the Higgs field is not likely to occur in the next 10 to the 100 years, and this is a very long time. 	1
1288. The Committee recommends that the system of data collection and development of indicators be adjusted to include all children up to the age of 18, with a view to incorporating all the areas covered by the Convention.	0
But the reason why I am interested in the transition of the Higgs field is because I want to address the question, why is the Higgs boson mass so special? 	1
In particular, the Committee is concerned at the absence of legislation regulating child labour providing for a minimum age for employment, the absence of a clear definition of the minimum age for criminal responsibility, the low minimum age for sexual consent, the lack of harmonization between the different ages of sexual consent among the four States, and the lack of legislation on neglect, abuse and sexual exploitation.	0
And what is interesting is that often, even if we're in the 21st century, we kind of come down in the end to these ideas of market versus state. 	1
1313. As regards the implementation of article 2, the Committee is particularly concerned at the insufficient measures adopted to ensure the full enjoyment by girl children of the rights recognized in the Convention.	0
They're very explicit in these editorials. 	1
1317. While taking note of the positive results of the joint Chuuk State-UNICEF Vitamin A Deficiency and Vermox Programme, the Committee is concerned at the prevalence of malnutrition and vitamin A deficiency in the State party, as well as the limited access to safe water and adequate sanitation.	0
They're often called garage tinkerers, because some of them actually did some things in garages, even though that's partly a myth. 	1
The insufficient leisure opportunities are also a matter of concern.	0
And so to think again, there's no reason that you should believe me, so just think of some of the smartest revolutionary things that you have in your pockets and do not turn it on, but you might want to take it out, your iPhone. 	1
In particular, the Committee is concerned at the absence of a clear definition for minimum age of criminal responsibility, as well as the apparent absence of special legal procedures for juvenile offenders.	0
What actually makes your phone a smartphone, basically, instead of a stupid phone? 	1
The Committee also stresses the need to strengthen the capacity of the Council to ensure coordination between all levels and to monitor and assess progress achieved and difficulties encountered in the realization of the rights recognized by the Convention, and in particular to monitor regularly the impact of economic transition on children.	0
They do. They spend on the marketing part. 	1
The Committee suggests that the State party seek assistance from, inter alia, the United Nations Children's Fund and the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization in this regard.	0
It was funding not only the basic research, which again is a typical public good, but even the applied research. 	1
The Committee further suggests that a comprehensive and multidisciplinary study be undertaken to understand the scope of the phenomenon of adolescent health problems, such as early pregnancies and suicide.	0
Even the words that we often use to justify the "P" part, the public part -- well, they're both P's -- is in terms of de-risking. 	1
The meeting on health, reproductive and sexual rights scheduled to take place in New York from 9 to 11 December, with the participation of representatives of treaty bodies, was seen as a good opportunity to continue and enlarge this collaboration.	0
so that the public schools in places like Silicon Valley can actually also benefit from that growth, because they have not. 	1
The Committee decided that whenever serious cases brought before it were of relevance to any other treaty body or human rights mechanism established by the Commission on Human Rights, they would be brought to the attention of those bodies.	0
But the story is not about these chapters. 	1
The Committee also expressed the view that the media could play a pivotal role in monitoring the realization of the rights of the child.	0
For example, it's said that there are more people in India with access to cell phones than toilets. 	1
It was felt that there was a need for further debate and cooperation at the national, regional and local levels on integrating the principles of the Convention in media reporting and implementing the Convention through the media.	0
Three years ago, I was standing about a hundred yards from Chernobyl nuclear reactor number four. 	1
Reference was made to the need to use special techniques, taking into account the best interests of the child, in interviews or simulations involving child victims of violence and abuse.	0
now sits cracked and rusted and leaking radiation. 	1
8. Advice on implementation of article 17 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child. A study should be conducted with the purpose of developing advice to Governments on how they could encourage the development of "guidelines for the protection of the child from information and material injurious to his or her well-being".	0
Many were bulldozed under at the time of the accident, but a few are left like this, kind of silent vestiges to the tragedy. 	1
1397. In view of the various contributions made and the importance of the issues considered, the Committee felt that there was a need to ensure follow-up to the general discussion.	0
So they returned to their villages and are told they're going to get sick and die soon, but five happy years, their logic goes, is better than 10 stuck in a high rise on the outskirts of Kiev, separated from the graves of their mothers and fathers and babies, the whisper of stork wings on a spring afternoon. 	1
2. The rights of children with disabilities	0
pulling water from a well and end it at midnight poised to beat a bucket with a stick and scare off wild boar that might mess with their potatoes, their only company a bit of homemade moonshine vodka. 	1
The world was a dangerous place for many children, and adults had a responsibility to work towards the elimination of the factors that contributed to their harm.	0
The disabilities faced by many children were not inevitable; they could and must be tackled.	0
Those two documents should be used by the Committee and others as complementary tools in promoting the rights of disabled children.	0
I urge you, but only a little bit, because I don't want to get you in trouble, to just ask around and see how difficult it would be to get whatever drug you want, wherever you want it, whenever you want it, anywhere in the U.S., and some of you may be surprised to know that there are many dealers that offer a service where if you send them a text message, 	1
Many adults found it difficult to recognize both the right and the capacity of any child to contribute effectively to decision-making; where the child was disabled, there tended to be an even deeper inability to accept its competence.	0
Because you would quickly realize, and maybe be confused by the fact, that are constantly named in the articles. 	1
First, decisions made about or on behalf of a child would be better informed and more likely to produce positive outcomes if the child him or herself was involved in the process.	0
You see, Los Zetas is not just this random assortment of individuals, but was actually created by another criminal organization, the Gulf Cartel, that used to control the eastern corridor of Mexico. 	1
Inclusion of children with disabilities into society was part of a process of social change to make a society in which human dignity was a living value.	0
And monitoring foreigners doesn't sound too bad until you realize that I'm a foreigner and you're a foreigner. 	1
And that's not true. Don't let anybody tell you that we knew this already, because we did not know this already. 	1
We didn't know about this. We didn't know about PRISM. 	1
And what that means is that you take something which is secure, an encryption algorithm which is so secure that if you use that algorithm to encrypt one file, nobody can decrypt that file. 	1
Inside NSA, the unit is called TAO, Tailored Access Operations, and inside GCHQ, which is the U.K. equivalent, it's called NAC, Network Analysis Centre. 	1
And if we indeed need a Big Brother, I would much rather have a domestic Big Brother than a foreign Big Brother. 	1
And let me actually quote the president of Brazil, Ms. Dilma Rousseff. 	1
And four plus nine is 13, nine plus 25 is 34, and yes, the pattern continues. 	1
I knew there had to be all sorts of systems and techniques and training to have to live a full and meaningful, active life So by the time I was discharged from the hospital a few days later, I left with a mission, a mission to get out and get the best training as quickly as I could and get on to rebuilding my life. 	1
Whether net or gross budgeting is applied to the funding of those activities, the assessments on United Nations Member States are the same.	0
Inherent with the training for recovery from sight loss is learning to rely on all your non-visual senses, things that you would otherwise maybe ignore. 	1
The only difference is that whereas in gross budgeting Member States are assessed the gross amount of appropriations approved by the General Assembly less income anticipated from reimbursements from participating organizations, in net budgeting the appropriation granted by the General Assembly under the expenditure sections reflects only the regular budget’s net share, with no offsetting income for the shares of participating organizations.	0
I was really struck by the symphony of subtle sounds all around me in the city that you can hear and work with to understand where you are, how you need to move, and where you need to go. 	1
But one time I was in Oakland walking along Broadway, and came to a corner. 	1
Sustainable Development and international economic cooperation	0
So, in designing a city for the blind, I hope you start to realize that it actually would be a more inclusive, a more equitable, a more just city for all. 	1
3. To encourage contacts between the business and financial communities in the two countries with the aim of significantly increasing the volume of trade and economic cooperation between the two countries.	0
And then, in 2004, in this rare collective lack of judgment the citizens elected me mayor. 	1
3. Follow-up mechanisms established within UNHCR and IOM continued to ensure the implementation of the Programme of Action, in cooperation with concerned States and intergovernmental organizations.	0
Now I like to point out that we were on that list with a lot of really cool places. 	1
6. Other interested States and organizations have provided support to the implementation process through funding UNHCR and IOM appeals, lending assistance on a bilateral basis.	0
 But if you happen to be a person, you are combatting the car seemingly at every turn. 	1
They could have said, "This city is so fat that the mayor had to put them on a diet." 	1
12. On 17 and 18 June 1998, the Steering Group met to review progress after the second year of implementation.	0
And the large companies, they typically have wonderful wellness programs, but the medium-sized companies that typically fall between the cracks on issues like this, they started to get engaged and used our program as a model for their own employees to try and have contests to see who might be able to deal with their obesity situation in a way that could be proactively beneficial to others. 	1
Considerable attention was devoted to such issues as irregular migration.	0
We have Olympic-caliber events coming to Oklahoma City, and athletes from all over the world moving in, along with inner city programs to get kids more engaged in these types of recreational activities that are a little bit nontraditional. 	1
15. It was reiterated at the meeting that the political settlement of conflicts is a precondition for effective solutions to problems of refugees and other displaced persons.	0
When we reached a million pounds, in January of 2012, I flew to New York with some our participants who had lost over 100 pounds, whose lives had been changed, and we appeared on the Rachael Ray show, and then that afternoon, I did a round of media in New York that you're accustomed to hearing about obesity and the dangers of it. 	1
It will also foster greater adherence to such fundamental principles as respect for diversity, due process, transparency and equal and fair treatment, as well as uphold the requirements for geographical and gender balance.	0
And we have to connect both levels, so if you're up there, you're going to be reaching down and reaching up. 	1
The current recruitment system contains multiple layers of advisory bodies which diffuse the responsibility and the accountability of the programme managers.	0
Well recently, Nepal acquired a new tool in the fight against wildlife crime, and these are drones, or more specifically, conservation drones. 	1
At the same time, the system must ensure that the mandates of the General Assembly are met, and that a considered decision is made which is documented and transparent, resulting in the best possible candidate being selected.	0
Not only does a drone give you a bird's-eye view of the landscape, but it also allows you to capture detailed, high-resolution images of objects on the ground. 	1
Each project for delegation includes guidelines for application of the staff rule or process concerned and will be monitored by the Office of Human Resources Management as part of the delegation of authority.	0
The programme includes regularly scheduled follow-up and ongoing career counselling for participants.	0
It weighs only about two kilograms, but it can carry half its weight. 	1
40. Priority is also being given to establishing means to achieve greater mobility of staff across functions, departments, duty stations and organizations of the United Nation system, bearing in mind that the needs of the Organization must be the paramount consideration.	0
The identification and appropriate treatment of underperformance is also an integral part of the Secretary-General’s performance management strategy.	0
It's a big part of the national budgets. 	1
This endeavour would include the development of a streamlined, competitive compensation package, and of a system that rewards superior and/or outstanding performance and addresses unsatisfactory performance.	0
In this connection, the Secretary-General wishes to draw the attention of Member States to the report of the Conference on Disarmament (A/53/27) on its 1998 session, which contains proposals made regarding the points raised in the resolution.	0
Information from Non-Self-Governing Territories transmitted under Article 73 e of the Charter of the United Nations	0
So many unnecessary surgeries, and so much unnecessary suffering for all the patients who were operated on in that seven year period. 	1
14. The Forum recognized the special circumstances of the smaller Forum member countries in the implementation of economic reforms under the Action Plan and the need for strong support for their reform processes by regional organizations and the donor community.	0
The group discussed, how do we measure quality today? 	1
The first questions is, how do we manage our carbon reserves in tropical forests? 	1
It expressed grave concern at the challenge that the recent nuclear tests constitute to the international nuclear non-proliferation regime, and its deep concern at the risk of a nuclear arms race in South Asia.	0
The red shows, obviously, closed-canopy tropical forest, and then you see the cookie cutting, or the cutting of the forest in yellows and greens. 	1
I know it's a sensitive issue for many of you, and there are no easy answers with this. 	1
2. At its spring 1998 session, the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions considered the report of the Secretary-General on the estimates for the support account for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 (A/52/837).	0
With this drone setup, we show the potential for bedridden people to once again be able to explore the outside world, and robotics will eventually provide a level playing field where one is only limited by their mental acuity and imagination, where the disabled are able to perform the same activities as everyone else, and perhaps better, and technology will even allow us to provide an outlet for many people who are presently 	1
So they use GPS and other sensors on board to navigate between ground stations. 	1
The Committee, however, has no objection to the request for the establishment of two P-4 posts: one for a humanitarian affairs officer and one for a civilian police officer.	0
Well, it turns out that the cost to transport two kilograms over 10 kilometers with this vehicle is just 24 cents. 	1
24. Paragraphs 17 to 20 of the Secretary-General’s report deal with gratis personnel.	0
It would give us an unfair advantage against battling HIV/AIDS, tuberculosis and other epidemics. 	1
The Committee was informed, on enquiry, that the three additional posts for the Executive Office represent conversions from gratis positions previously included in the Office of the Military Adviser.	0
33. In connection with the proposed conversion of 12 gratis positions into additional 12 support account posts (two P-4, eight P-3 and two General Service) for the Situation Centre, the Advisory Committee notes from table 13 of annex I to the report, that during the period 1997–1998, there were 16 gratis positions which no longer will be available for the Centre during the budget period 1998–1999; there are 11 support account posts and no regular budget posts in the staffing table of the Centre.	0
In contrast, in traditional societies without writing, older people are the repositories of information. 	1
It is recalled that the Committee recommended in paragraph 18 of its report on the support account (A/51/906) that the operation of the Centre be evaluated “with a view to determining its cost-effectiveness”.	0
For example, there's particular emphasis on respect for the elderly in East Asia, associated with Confucius' doctrine of filial piety, which means obedience, respect and support for elderly parents. 	1
The Committee, taking into account additional information on progress in clearing the outstanding backlog, recommends the establishment of four Professional posts for the contingent-owned equipment Claims Unit, out of seven Professional posts requested by the Secretary-General.	0
50. The conversion of eight gratis positions into support account posts (one P-4 and seven P-3) is proposed for the Engineering Section, the staffing structure of which during the budget period 1997–1998, provided for one regular budget post, five support account posts and eight gratis positions.	0
Their children are more self-confident, more independent, and more socially skilled than are our children. 	1
The Committee does not support the establishment of five additional posts for the Medical Support Unit and recommends instead that the need for two support account posts for the Unit be met through redeployment from within the existing support account establishment throughout the Secretariat.	0
They're able to have high levels of writing ability. 	1
65. The Committee notes from paragraph 62 of annex II that a provision of $123,400, which is equivalent to the cost of a P-4 post, is requested under general temporary assistance for the Administrative Law Unit, which currently has no support account post.	0
Maybe two brains of a similar size can actually be made of very different numbers of neurons. 	1
So I came up with my own way to count cells in the brain, and it essentially consists of dissolving that brain into soup. 	1
So this brings us to a very important conclusion already, which is that we are not rodents. 	1
Gorillas and orangutans, for instance, afford about 30 billion neurons by spending eight and a half hours per day eating, and that seems to be about as much as they can do. 	1
76. Engineering Officer (Asset/materials Management)	0
On the personal level, we cannot be grateful for the loss of a friend, for unfaithfulness, for bereavement. 	1
The office will help to facilitate the exchange of information and the coordination of initiatives and efforts in the areas of preventive diplomacy and peacemaking as well as in the democratization and peace-building processes in Africa, and will coordinate the implementation of programmes of cooperation between the United Nations system and OAU agreed to at the annual meetings of their secretariats.	0
In Britain, 63 percent of all men who come out of short sentences from prison re-offend again within a year. 	1
The strategy has been communicated to all African Governments and to the Secretary-General of OAU, and consultations have been undertaken with the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) with a view to mobilizing greater United Nations system-wide resources to support the realization of its objectives.	0
Socially motivated investors: there's an interesting idea, right? 	1
ECA will seek the active participation of OAU in those workshops and seminars.	0
Instead of just coming out of the prison with 46 pounds in their pocket, half of them not knowing where they're spending their first night out of jail, actually, someone meets them in prison, learns about their issues, meets them at the gate, takes them through to somewhere to stay, connects them to benefits, connects them to employment, drug rehabilitation, mental health, whatever's needed. 	1
23. The Secretary-General of OAU and the Executive Secretary of ECA directed in February 1998 that the cooperation between their respective institutions be reviewed so that corrective measures could be taken in those areas that required strengthening.	0
And even more worryingly, and this is a Home Office statistic, 70 percent of prostitutes have spent some time in care. 	1
It was decided at the session to institutionalize the African Ministerial Conference on the Environment.	0
And we learn and adapt the program accordingly. 	1
The studies were major inputs to the OAU-sponsored seminar on inter-African migration held in Cairo.	0
There's air flowing through the top channel, and then we flow a liquid that contains nutrients through the blood channel. 	1
WHO has taken steps to improve the OAU clinic servicing the OAU staff and African diplomatic corps in Addis Ababa.	0
Now we can begin to create models of diseases such as irritable bowel syndrome. 	1
O. World Intellectual Property Organization	0
66. The World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO)/OAU Gold Medal Award ceremony took place during the OAU summit in Harare in June 1997.	0
They may not respond in the same way adults do. 	1
73. The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) established an additional subregional office in Nairobi in 1998 for the benefit of eastern and southern African countries.	0
Now, let's imagine a little bit what the future might look like if I could take your stem cells and put them on a chip, or your stem cells and put them on a chip. 	1
“(b) The fourth special session of the General Assembly devoted to disarmament;	0
In other words, we can be politically right but emotionally wrong. 	1
4. Establishment of nuclear-weapon-free zones on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at among the States of the region concerned.	0
Now this guy doesn't agree with me, yet. 	1
22. A working paper entitled “Guidelines on conventional arms control/limitation and disarmament, with particular emphasis on consolidation of peace in the context of General Assembly resolution 51/45 N” was submitted by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, on behalf of the European Union (A/CN.10/1998/WG.III/WP.3).	0
I mean, we had to learn small batch manufacturing. 	1
27. At its 224th plenary meeting, on 28 April, the Disarmament Commission adopted by consensus the reports of its subsidiary bodies and the conclusions and recommendations contained therein regarding agenda items 4, 5 and 6.	0
By being open source, we've created this distributed R&amp;D network, and we're moving faster than any venture-backed counterpart. 	1
“(h) Working paper submitted by Algeria, Bahrain, Comoros, Djibouti, Egypt, Iraq, Jordan, Kuwait, Mauritania, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Somalia, the Sudan, Tunisia, the United Arab Emirates and Yemen (A/CN.10/1997/WG.I/WP.7);	0
Or bicycles: For example, in Amsterdam, more than 30 percent of the population uses bicycles, despite the fact that the Netherlands has a higher income per capita than the United States. 	1
“(k) Working paper submitted by the Syrian Arab Republic and Lebanon (A/CN.10/1997/WG.I/WP.10);	0
If more money is invested in highways, of course there is less money for housing, for schools, for hospitals, and also there is a conflict for space. 	1
In 1975, an Ad Hoc Group of Qualified Governmental Experts for the Study of Nuclear-Weapon-Free Zones, under the auspices of the Conference of the Committee on Disarmament, prepared a comprehensive study of the question of nuclear-weapon-free zones in all its aspects (A/10027/Add.1).	0
As a Latin American, and Latin America was the most recently organized region in the world, I would recommend, respectfully, passionately, to those countries which are yet to urbanize -- Latin America went from 40 percent urban in 1950 to 80 percent urban in 2010 -- I would recommend Asian and African countries which are yet to urbanize, such as India which is only 33 percent urban now, that governments should acquire all land around cities. 	1
16. The purposes and objectives, principles and guidelines that follow can only be regarded as generally accepted considerations at this stage of the development of nuclear-weapon-free zones, formulated on the basis of existing practices and experiences.	0
That is how fundamentally we still depend on shipping. 	1
36. The obligations of all States parties to a nuclear-weapon-free zone should be clearly defined and legally binding and States parties should fully comply with those agreements.	0
Its geographical scope should take into account any relevant territorial dispute between States parties to the nuclear-weapon-free zone treaties and neighbouring States.	0
And another thing that surprised me when I got on board Kendal was who I was sitting next to -- Not the queen; I can't imagine why they put me underneath her portrait -- But around that dining table in the officer's saloon, I was sitting next to a Burmese guy, I was opposite a Romanian, a Moldavian, an Indian. 	1
Annex IV Guidelines on conventional arms control/limitation and disarmament, with particular emphasis on consolidation of peace in the context of General Assembly resolution 51/45 N	0
But I wasn't there for nine months at a time like the Filipino seafarers, who, when I asked them to describe their job to me, called it "dollar for homesickness." 	1
The illicit arms trade, in particular, continues to have disproportionately large effects for the internal security and socio-economic development of affected States.	0
I was born in a little village called Gando. 	1
28. Registration and disarmament of combatants should occur simultaneously, if at all feasible.	0
35. The needs of different target groups among the reintegrated combatants should be identified and options designed for integration to suit local conditions.	0
Don't confound with Christo and Jeanne-Claude. 	1
39. Regional and international financial and technical assistance in rebuilding infrastructure, civil society and in economic rehabilitation is necessary for the implementation of practical disarmament measures and should include the following:	0
We take the sand, we mix it with clay, and we keep building. 	1
45. States should limit weapons procurement to the legitimate needs of self-defence and internal security.	0
The second most exciting thing for a cave explorer is to be the first one to make a map of a cave. 	1
21. WIPO organized its Regional Symposium for Latin American and Caribbean Countries on the Economic Importance of Intellectual Property and on Enforcement of Rights under the Agreement on Trade Related Aspects of Intellectual Property Rights in Cartagena, Colombia, from 12 to 14 March 1997, in cooperation with the Government of Colombia and SELA.	0
Mandela said often that the gift of prison was the ability to go within and to think, to create in himself the things he most wanted for South Africa: peace, reconciliation, harmony. 	1
23. Cooperation between SELA and the programmes, organizations and agencies of the United Nations is growing and diversifying, and inter-agency cooperation has been established in many areas in which optimal use is being made of existing resources for the benefit of the countries of the region.	0
As was indicated in the previous report (A/52/757), the implementation of important commitments under the second phase had to be postponed; they include the commitments concerning compensation for victims of human rights violations, reform and strengthening of the system of urban and rural development councils, establishment of an agrarian and environmental jurisdiction, reform of intelligence bodies, establishment of a career civil service and redeployment of the armed forces.	0
He fixed roads, he mended wetlands, he did some anti-poaching. 	1
Another factor to be taken into account is that there have been significantly fewer returnees than the representatives of returnee organizations had expected.	0
It is important that the Fund’s policy should take into account the special status that the Agreements give to the uprooted population because of their particular vulnerability.	0
My foot goes down its throat. It spits me out. 	1
10. With regard to the resettlement of internally displaced persons organized into communities, the first transfer of the Comunidades de Población en Resistencia (CPR) de la Sierra went to the Tesoro estate and the second resettlement took place on the southern coast.	0
The bone is cracked. The meat is torn up. 	1
Topics such as the preparation of a document that would identify and prioritize unscheduled commitments, to be presented to the Follow-up Commission, are being discussed.	0
According to a document recently issued by the Ministry of Finance, the Government hopes to reach the taxation target of 12 per cent by 2002, by passing a new single property tax act, extending the commercial and agricultural enterprise tax and operating the Tax Administration Superintendency.	0
There were always rockets going up into the sky, up into space, going up there. 	1
To do this, authority must be devolved to other government levels in order to coordinate national development.	0
We develop our worldviews, that is, the stories we tell ourselves about the world and our place in it, in order to help us manage the terror of death. 	1
And we can see them repeating themselves throughout history, just with slight variations to reflect the vocabulary of the day. 	1
This would also promote social participation in the context of municipal autonomy and strengthen the devolution of authority to municipal governments, as set out in the Agreements.	0
Now I'm going to briefly introduce these four basic forms of immortality story, and I want to try to give you some sense of the way in which they're retold by each culture or generation using the vocabulary of their day. 	1
In establishing the School for Labour Mediation and Conciliation, the Ministry demonstrated its interest in training its staff in such matters.	0
Many found work in the automobile industry, the Ford Motor Company, as depicted in this mural by Diego Rivera in the Detroit Institute of Art. 	1
71. The Commission on the Strengthening of the Justice System concluded its work in April and published a report, entitled “A new justice for peace”, which takes a creditable approach to analysing the whole issue of the justice system and its institutions.	0
The list goes on, and it will grow fast, because industrial data are now growing exponentially. 	1
96. The demobilized combatants who were staying in temporary hostels – who were considered the most vulnerable group – have moved to properties acquired with the help of the Land Trust Fund.	0
This new wave of innovation is fundamentally changing the way we work. 	1
The subprogramme of production projects for demobilized combatants living in areas with uprooted population groups will have to be implemented in close coordination with CTEAR (see para. 12).	0
Second, there is a concern that in the future, there will only be room for engineers, data scientists, and other highly-specialized workers. 	1
So at the top you have a socket, and this fits over someone's residual limb, and everyone's residual limb is a little bit different. 	1
As coordinator of the group of Arab Mediterranean States, Algeria made its contribution to the maintenance and strengthening of this process, which constitutes a fundamental political achievement.	0
And the first thing is that the product needs to be world class. 	1
The approach adopted involves the gradual, pragmatic implementation of confidence-building measures, taking due account of the changing political and security situation in the region.	0
Regardless of your income level, you want the most beautiful, the best product that there is. 	1
So it's not just the end user that you're thinking about, but everyone who interacts with the product, so, for example, the prosthetist who fits the knee, but also the context in which the knee is being fit. 	1
The focus of such a desk should be on Mediterranean and regional initiatives as such and not on particular geographical considerations of the countries concerned.	0
We have fit over 5,000 amputees, and one of the big indicators we're looking at, of course, is, does it improve lives? 	1
16. Malta intends to continue to pursue and give priority attention to issues relating to the Mediterranean and strengthen its participation in all those processes that involve dialogue among countries of the region, and that promote activities and initiatives in those sectors and areas with the scope to strengthen peace, cooperation, dialogue and security in the region.	0
 Yes, I have a team.  And the team is expert, and the team is courageous, and brimming with innovation and scientific discovery, as is true with any major expedition on the planet. 	1
  You have no idea how many 15-hour training swims I had done. 	1
In the course of the visit, the High Commissioner had discussions with senior Iranian officials on human rights matters, among which was the question of another visit to the Islamic Republic of Iran by the Special Representative.	0
That's the discipline, and it's the preparation, and there's a pride in that. 	1
And the three things that I did sort of blurt out when we got there, was first, "Never, ever give up." 	1
14. The Iranian media are clearly continuing to have a difficult time.	0
Moreover, for minor indiscretions, the man can reportedly force the forfeiture of the mahr during divorce proceedings, in the course of which the woman may also lose her assets in the marriage and the custody of children above a certain age.	0
You're going to have to pardon the sound quality, in some cases, because again, these were hidden cameras. 	1
25. The recent celebrated trials of the Mayor of Tehran, Gholam Hossein Karbaschi, and his colleagues touched off an intense public debate about the conduct of trials and, particularly, the appropriate role of judges.	0
So we're just tracking how many pretzels participants eat. 	1
31. With regard to other changes, Mr. Bakhtiari said that the Prisons Organization was (a) establishing a five-year plan for development; (b) establishing or strengthening human resource development such as academic scholarship programmes for social work training; (c) gradually recruiting professionally trained guard staff; (d) introducing twice-a-year workshops with all the provincial directors of prisons focusing on legal matters and in particular the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules for the Treatment of Prisoners;b and (e) preparing a new prison law which would emphasize rehabilitation and introduce the United Nations Standard Minimum Rules into Iranian law.	0
What we've been finding across dozens of studies and thousands of participants across this country is that as a person's levels of wealth increase, their feelings of compassion and empathy go down, and their feelings of entitlement, of deservingness, and their ideology of self-interest increases. 	1
The Special Representative notes with regret such evident approval for this form of punishment from such a source in the executive.	0
And we just monitor how much people give. 	1
59. In the period under review, the Istanbul Court of Appeal upheld the conviction of an Iranian national, one Reza Barzegar Massoumi, for complicity in the murder in Istanbul in 1996 of Zahra Rajabi and Ali Moradi, both associated with the National Council of Resistance (NCR).	0
Your brain also has its own sense of what you should weigh, no matter what you consciously believe. 	1
The Government needs to broaden its agenda for change and to declare a strong commitment to achieving certain goals within specified time-frames.	0
Controlled eaters are more vulnerable to overeating in response to advertising, super-sizing, and the all-you-can-eat buffet. 	1
5. On 25 August 1998, the Special Representative addressed the Minister of Foreign Affairs concerning the arrest of Iranian scholar Hojatoleslam Sayyid Mohssen Saeidzadeh.	0
In the U.S., we have 80 percent of 10-year-old girls say they've been on a diet. 	1
If this was indeed the case, his arrest would constitute a breach of article 19 of the Covenant, which guarantees the right to freedom of expression, including freedom to seek, receive and impart information and ideas of any kind.	0
I think most of them would be happier and healthier, and as adults, many of them would probably be thinner. 	1
8. The Special Representative continues to be concerned about the infrequency of responses from the Government and has raised the problem with the Iranian authorities with a view to improving cooperation in this area.	0
Local, descriptive studies attribute a variety of illnesses, including cancer, to the radiation that followed the tests.	0
Well, what you do is, you test in animals, you test in test tubes, but there's this notion of going from the bench to the bedside, and in order to get from the bench, the lab, to the bedside, to the patients, you've got to get the drug tested. 	1
14. In each sector, the impact of testing was examined, the larger context is described and priority actions were identified.	0
So again, financial engineering was helpful here. 	1
Community involvement in land-use management is essential because the capacity of authorities to enforce the regulations will always be limited.	0
These include an environmentally significant spill of aviation fuel at the airport which used to service the test site, which needs to be cleaned up.	0
This issue is particularly important given the widespread incidence of hepatitis A and B and tuberculosis in the area.	0
35. Following discussion with government counterparts and experts in the area of social protection and humanitarian assistance, the following groups were identified as particularly vulnerable and requiring assistance: disabled adults and their families, disabled children and their families, isolated elderly pensioners, institutionalized adults, institutionalized children, orphans living with foster families, poor families with five or more children, single female-headed households, women of child-bearing age, adolescents of both sexes, street children, homeless adults, prisoners and ex-prisoners.	0
If I have a painting of a facade, I can consider it's not just that particular building, but probably it also shares the same grammar of buildings where we lost any information. 	1
(f) The United Nations should assist the Government of Kazakhstan to establish an adequate coordination mechanism for the planning and implementation of future and ongoing assistance.	0
They are well structured in many cases. 	1
Annex Situation assessment and priority needs in the Semipalatinsk region and nuclear weapons testing site	0
If you divide this huge archive into smaller subsets where a smaller subset actually shares similar features, then there's a chance of success. 	1
The approximate breakdown of estimated amounts according to teams is as follows: health, $24 million; ecological, $7.8 million; economic, $6.6 million; humanitarian, $3.3 million; and information, $1.3 million.	0
"If I am in Corfu in June 1323 and want to go to Constantinople, where can I take a boat?" 	1
A. Developing a comprehensive land-use strategy	0
Therefore projected economic use of the site should be based on the results of a definitive radiological assessment, which is required for a full understanding and identification of the most significant environmental problems associated with the site.	0
Now, my brother and I, we're musicians and music producers. 	1
There is also significant pressure to open the Polygon completely for economic use, not least because of the presence of mineral deposits (coal, gold and wolfram) in sections of the test site.	0
But today I want to focus on this concept of composition for physical space. 	1
21. A full understanding of the relationship between somatic pathology and radiation exposure in the region must be promoted and supported.	0
And companies that actually define a true north, things that are nonnegotiable whether times are good, bad, ugly -- doesn't matter. 	1
Community-based health programme – $5 million (***)/5 years	0
And on my first day of work I walked in and my boss tells me, "Do you know why you're here?" 	1
Treatment of behavioural and emotional disorders among children in the rural Semipalatinsk test site territory – $50,000 (*)	0
Only screening programmes answering to basic prerequisites, such as effectiveness, existence of the treatment, acceptability for the population, as well as costs should be considered.	0
Business support and skills training – $800,000 (***)/5 years	0
And that technology is called the Nanopatch. 	1
37. Although the nuclear issue has generated extensive contacts in fields of nuclear safety and medicine, international business interest in Kazakhstan has largely ignored the communities adjacent to the test site.	0
Then we can take the Nanopatch off and discard it. 	1
Ensuring that they are equipped to attend school is a powerful method of doing so.	0
It would be 10 times bigger than the size of that screen, going 10 times deeper as well. 	1
On the basis of the limited available information, it is estimated that there are 15,000 households in the Semipalatinsk test site territory whose children require school supplies (copybooks, pencils, pens, crayons) and winter clothing in order to be able to attend school.	0
Creation of a multi-purpose sanatorium which could function as a temporary shelter for those in need from the whole affected area is also proposed.	0
A healthy non-governmental presence will create a concentration of skills and dedication and the ability to attract additional resources while multiplying the impact of those that already exist.	0
We waited a month, and this is what we found out. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization	0
And as a scientist, I love that and I love science. 	1
The quantity of explosives dropped over Iraq amounts to seven times the destructive power of the nuclear bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima in Japan.	0
Furthermore, aerial bombardments destroyed stockpiles of matériel, industrial and oil facilities and electricity generation plants, leading to the release of thousands of tons of toxins into the air, the water and the earth.	0
SS: Well, it's an important part of the journey. So I had -- TEDWomen -- the original one was in D.C. -- so I live here, so I had gotten on a plane the day before, and my daughter was three, she was clinging to my leg: "Mommy, don't go." 	1
Plants for the pumping of clean drinking water and sewage are unable to function as a result of the scarcity of electrical power, forcing people to take contaminated, unpurified water directly from rivers, which has led to the spread of epidemics and contagious diseases.	0
The same thing happened when I wrote my book. I started writing the book. I wrote a first chapter, I thought it was fabulous. It was chock-full of data and figures, I had three pages on matrilineal Maasai tribes, and their sociological patterns. 	1
Other States have been prevented from offering scholarships to Iraqi students, and Iraq has been unable to receive scientific publications and reports.	0
2. Ms. Aissata Gomgnibou Boly Burkina Faso	0
But the fact that a woman so far away out in the world, who grew up in a rural village, who's being told to marry someone she doesn't want to marry, can now go meet once a month with a group of people and refuse that, and find life on her own terms. 	1
There are dress-for-success groups in Texas which are using the book, for women who have never been to college. 	1
The segment includes a cycle of lectures by senior representatives of States members of the Conference on Disarmament on issues under negotiation in the Conference and attendance at its meetings.	0
SS: I think I would say -- I tried to say this strongly, but I think I can say it more strongly -- I want to say that the status quo is not enough. 	1
The third segment, which is held at United Nations Headquarters in New York, consists of a second cycle of lectures by members of delegations to the First Committee of the General Assembly and by United Nations officials on items on the agenda of the Committee and regular attendance at meetings of the Committee.	0
To see a vision of the universe that's more perfect than our own. 	1
 So, I started thinking about why it was, in fact, that I disliked this object so much. 	1
The relationship between seismic signals and yield is not fixed but subject to the vagaries of geology and a number of other unknown factors.	0
Leonardo himself had preached against the use of gold, so it was absolutely anathema at that moment. 	1
Imagine that effect of candlelight on that surface. 	1
2. Significant findings and recommendations	0
I. Significant recommendations in reports of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on which corrective action has not been completed	0
There's an idea that we don't want these anxious-making, imaginative journeys to happen in our daily lives. 	1
This will sometimes call for a horizontal approach in looking, for example, at common services and how they function in different duty stations, a project scheduled for the fall of 1998.	0
In a way, he's become my sort of alter ego. 	1
That explains why, in most cases, several months elapse between audit fieldwork and the finalization of reports.	0
And before that Leonardo, I understood that this object could become part of a journey for me every day, sitting in my office. 	1
After scrupulously weighing the exigencies of an effective and yet lean internal oversight function against the severe budget constraints which the Organization continues to face, I have come to the conclusion that I will also have to request a few additional posts for the Audit and Management Consulting Division, in order to achieve an audit cycle of three to four years.	0
 I left a very cozy tech job in Israel at a nice software company and I moved to New York to study animation. 	1
The proportion of these reports which were mandated has also increased each year, from exactly 50 per cent in 1995 to over 60 per cent in 1997 and 1998.	0
And I want you to notice how the same mechanical structure can, at one point, just by the way it moves, seem gentle and caring and in the other case, seem violent and confrontational. 	1
5. As required by its mandate, OIOS reports to the Secretary-General on the status of implementation of its recommendations on a semi-annual basis.	0
And in that situation, we can easily imagine robots in the near future being there with us. 	1
These final audit reports provide senior management with an objective assessment of the audited area and inform them about major findings and recommendations.	0
When humans and robots interact, it's much more like a chess game: the human does a thing, the robot analyzes whatever the human did, the robot decides what to do next, plans it and does it. 	1
During the intervening three years, progress in compliance is monitored.	0
You have to use your sense memory to reconstruct the emotions and kind of think with your body to find the right expression -- improvise, play off your scene partner. 	1
In November 1997 the Office of Internal Oversight Services and the Department of Management jointly issued guidelines to serve as a framework for programme monitoring and evaluation in departments and offices.	0
You can see when I psych it out, it gets fooled. 	1
That pattern of priorities remained unchanged for the period covered by the 1997 report.	0
The other got more the stage actor, risk-taker brain. 	1
Audit and Management Consulting Division	0
And I started designing a socially expressive head for the robot. 	1
Recommendations to the Committee for Programme and Coordination in evaluation reports	0
  Thanks. I hope you see how much this part of the body that doesn't touch the instrument actually helps with the musical performance. 	1
21. The mission had inadequate control over use of its vehicle fleet, which was driven by the host country military drivers.	0
And maybe as humans, robots that are a little less than perfect are just perfect for us. 	1
The requisitions never resulted in obligations and were subsequently deleted.	0
Sex lies at the heart of an emerging epidemic in the Middle East and North Africa, which is one of only two regions in the world where HIV/AIDS is still on the rise. 	1
DPKO is attempting to recover these costs from the Governments involved.	0
Her virginity statement was not a piece of wishful thinking. 	1
30. Despite the fact that some of the outstations of the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) are co-located on premises of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon (UNIFIL) and the United Nations Disengagement Observer Force (UNDOF), it continues to employ its own administrative and workshop personnel resulting in duplication of efforts and additional costs to the Organization.	0
DPKO advised OIOS that implementation of those procedures has been strengthened.	0
But in fact, they come from a 10th-century Arabic book called "The Encyclopedia of Pleasure," which covers sex from aphrodisiacs to zoophilia, and everything in between. 	1
Lessons learned during this process have been institutionalized in the Department’s planning for auctions at other liquidating missions.	0
Words to cover every conceivable sexual feature, position and preference, a body of language that was rich enough to make up the body of the woman you see on this page. 	1
In order to overcome this backlog, a task force has been set up with priority assigned to those missions in liquidation.	0
Women, and increasingly men, who are starting to speak out and push back against sexual violence on the streets and in the home. 	1
Significant progress was reported in connection with the development of a capacity to derive lessons from experience and of a ready capacity to act for the civilian police, information, planning, procurement and training functions.	0
42. The Committee for Programme and Coordination discussed the report at its thirty-eighth session and endorsed all of its recommendations.1	0
My mother missed work and took her to doctors who couldn't make a diagnosis. 	1
OIOS recognizes that UNHCR’s drive to decentralize management of its operations to the field has caused some short-term organizational problems.	0
And by the time a diagnosis was made, she was in a deep spiral. 	1
During the reporting period, UNHCR requested a special review of the administrative activities of one of its major field offices.	0
A deep, life-altering depression, from which she never recovered. 	1
50. An audit of UNHCR’s information technology management found its initiative to develop an Operations Management System to be appropriate, but that more attention should be given to system development and changes to existing systems for the Euro currency and Year 2000 problems.	0
UNHCR needs to revise its system development methodology for the Operations Management System to reflect the roles and responsibilities of users and to develop project management methodologies for implementing the system.	0
Now, Linda received the right treatment. 	1
But it's all too often that these sex diffferences are overlooked. 	1
Substantial progress had been made since the Group of Experts first reported its findings.	0
In this regard, OIOS recommended that the Organization explore with the host country the feasibility of obtaining exemption from such taxes paid as part of the rental amounts.	0
And this is so important, not only for ourselves, but for all of those whom we love. 	1
These reports provided recommendations to substantive departments on measures to improve current aviation procurement and management, as well as identifying problems with several vendors engaged in United Nations aviation contracts.	0
As noted below, in the case of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, improvements have resulted from the implementation of OIOS recommendations.	0
72. In February 1997, the Secretary-General transmitted to the General Assembly the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit and investigation of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (A/51/789).	0
And every time there is a new requirement, we use the same approach. 	1
The challenge for managers of support activities over the next few years will be to conduct similar analyses for each key administrative process, to derive from these analyses a realistic understanding of current performance, and, on that basis, to set norms and standards for the services provided by the Department of Management.	0
When we don't cooperate we need more time, more equipment, more systems, more teams. 	1
It can only add new boxes, new bones in the skeleton. 	1
The audit showed that the new initiatives, while headed in the right direction, lacked sufficient institutional support.	0
If I didn't love my wife, one TV would be enough: You will watch my favorite football game, if you are not happy, how is the book or the door? 	1
OIOS will continue to monitor and report on any problems affecting the timeliness of its reports.	0
When you do this, it has a lot of implications on organizational design. 	1
That's when I started writing songs, and even then I only played them for myself. 	1
Trust Fund for the Fiftieth Anniversary of the United Nations	0
 ♫ And maybe I'll try to imagine you all without clothes. ♫ ♫ But singing in front of all naked strangers scares me more than anyone knows. ♫ ♫ Not to discuss this at length, ♫ ♫ but my body image was never my strength. ♫ ♫ So frankly, I wish that you all would get dressed, ♫ ♫ I mean, you're not even really naked. ♫ ♫ And I'm the one with the problem. ♫ 	1
103. An audit of UNEP’s Mercure project revealed that the donation of the Mercure communications system was accepted and the related project agreement signed by the UNEP Executive Director on behalf of the United Nations during November 1994, without obtaining a formal instrument of full powers and without exploring other alternatives or ensuring the possibility of integrating the system with the United Nations telecommunications network, despite the fact that a cost-benefit analysis showed that it would not be viable as a stand-alone system.	0
We have to go to completely online grading and peer interaction and discussion boards. 	1
There were several flaws and improper provisions in a partnership agreement, which was prematurely concluded, to establish the Tierramerica Foundation.	0
So rather than driving our kids into a classroom, herding them out there at 8 o'clock in the morning -- I hated going to class at 8 o'clock in the morning, so why are we forcing our kids to do that? 	1
In response to OIOS audit findings, ESCWA has taken measures to address disaster planning and recovery and to enhance management of its electronic data processing function.	0
Major findings and recommendations of these studies will be reported to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
The third idea that we have is instant feedback. 	1
The British national, after first denying her identity to the Kenyan Police, subsequently acknowledged it upon the production of her passport.	0
135. A decision to seek criminal prosecution makes intensive demands on United Nations staff, particularly in OIOS, and involves additional costs to the Organization which must be considered, whenever the United Nations undertakes to pursue such cases with national jurisdictions.	0
When I became attorney general, I could look at the system as a whole, and what surprised me is that I found that that was exactly how we were doing it across the entire system -- in police departments, in prosecutors's offices, in courts and in jails. 	1
In short, I wanted to moneyball criminal justice. 	1
So we went from doing low-level drug crimes that were outside our building to doing cases of statewide importance, on things like reducing violence with the most violent offenders, prosecuting street gangs, gun and drug trafficking, and political corruption. 	1
But when you start to look at the data, which, by the way, the judges don't have, when we start to look at the data, what we find time and time again, is that this isn't the case. 	1
158. The new managerial structure in Vienna presents an opportunity to maximize the resource base of the programme, first, by fostering synergies between the crime and drug programmes, and second, by ensuring that the resources of the programme are entirely devoted to the execution of the mandated work and that those in charge of the programme are sufficiently empowered to authorize expenditures from the programme’s appropriation.	0
In the tool that we've built, what we did was we collected 1.5 million cases from all around the United States, from cities, from counties, from every single state in the country, the federal districts. 	1
And so what better gift for a kid who wanted to be a chef than an Easy-Bake Oven. Right? 	1
And that got me thinking about a website that I had learned about a few months prior called Change.org. 	1
The Committee for Programme and Coordination commended the efforts made to improve the quality of the report and to review performance within the context of the Medium-Term Plan for the period 1992–1997.	0
It requires physicists who work with biologists, with mathematicians and computer scientists, and it is their interaction that produces cross-boundary competence to solve these problems. 	1
Department of Development Support and Management Services/procurement by the Contracts and Procurement Service A/50/945, annex	0
What we know is that the bats are not aware that their colony is doing this. 	1
Department of Management/ Procurement reform A/52/813, annex	0
And there's a very interesting example of collective movement in meerkats. 	1
∙ Audits of the regional commissions (A/52/776, annex)	0
It was my love for technology that sparked the idea for "Malicious Dishes." 	1
I built my first website myself in HTML, and I'm learning JavaScript and Python. 	1
∙ Urban Management Programme Regional Office for Africa	0
Ideas are opportunities and innovation. 	1
 And I make eco-friendly clothing and accessories. 	1
Now I didn't have any business plans at only eight years old. 	1
The Tribunal still does not have the necessary technical resources and staff, despite its heavy workload.	0
And he was talking about the importance of coaching boys into men and changing the culture of the locker room and giving men the tools to have healthy relationships. 	1
And she's nine years old, and she was kind of shy, and she got up there, and he said, "Sit down next to me." 	1
In its judgement rendered on 2 September 1998, it found Jean-Paul Akayesu guilty on nine counts: genocide, direct and public incitement to commit genocide, and crimes against humanity (extermination, murder, torture, rape, and other inhumane acts).	0
The mobile phone is a global game changer for the empowerment of women, and Facebook and Twitter and Google and YouTube and all the social media helps us organize and tell our story in a powerful way. 	1
In one case, however, the accused objected to the assignment of a given counsel and requested representation by another counsel, which inevitably delayed the proceedings.	0
And I can't remember a specific day where we made a conscious decision that we were actually going to go out and build these things, but once we got that idea in our minds of the world as a dataset, of being able to capture millions of data points on a daily basis describing the global economy, of being able to unearth billions of connections between them that had never before been found, 	1
Judge Khan also expressed the view that he had no competence with respect to the individuals in the second group, since they fell within the competence of the previous confirming judge; he also maintained that such an indictment could have been issued in respect of the third group, had it not been for the Prosecutor’s insistence on maintaining the indictment as it stood – hence the Judge’s refusal to consider the substantive aspects of the charges against that group.	0
So I just really want to share with you a reflection that the future of cities today depends less on buildings and, in fact, depends more on the fundamental reorganization of socioeconomic relations, that the best ideas in the shaping of the city in the future will not come from enclaves of economic power and abundance, but in fact from sectors of conflict and scarcity from which an urgent imagination can really inspire us to rethink urban growth today. 	1
50. The Office of the Prosecutor in Kigali has, since its establishment, operated on the basis of an Investigation Section and a Prosecution Section.	0
I'm talking simply about the creative intelligence of the bottom-up, whether manifested in the slums of Tijuana that build themselves, in fact, with the waste of San Diego, or the many migrant neighborhoods in Southern California that have begun to be retrofitted with difference in the last decades. 	1
The Chief of the Legal Section coordinates the activities of the two legal structures.	0
This does not however exclude the probability of a larger number of victims potentially prepared to testify about these crimes and their perpetrators.	0
This is a story of a group of teenagers that one night, a few months ago, decided to invade this space under the freeway to begin constructing their own skateboard park. 	1
61. The NAKI operation has enabled the arrest of seven suspects and two accused, among them leading figures from the 1994 interim Government, including the Prime Minister and the minister responsible for family affairs.	0
They found out that they had been lucky because they had not begun to dig under Caltrans territoy. 	1
They were also lucky, they said, because they began to dig in a sort of Bermuda Triangle of jurisdiction, between port authority, airport authority, two city districts, and a review board. 	1
From this point of view the bringing into service of the second courtroom has made a decisive contribution to improving the design and management of the court calendar.	0
Because we are always working from a very personal space, we like how this consumer aesthetic sort of depersonalizes the object and gives us a bit of distance in its appearance, at least. 	1
82. Despite the difficulties, the Registry Unit responsible for witness and victim support enjoyed unprecedented success. In July 1997, the Victims and Witnesses Support Unit was made a section as part of the internal reorganization of the Registry, in recognition of the importance of its activities and the need to enhance the effectiveness of its operations.	0
It could be a few claps or a strong applause, and then nothing happens until the viewer leaves the stage, and again the audience will respond. 	1
For this reason the Section now has a suboffice in Kigali, Rwanda, in addition to the main office in Arusha.	0
It could be anything from a few feeble claps from members in the audience, or it could be a very loud ovation. 	1
After initially declaring himself capable of meeting the expenses of his defence before the Tribunal, the accused Hassan Ngeze subsequently retracted that claim and requested that counsel should be assigned to him.	0
So all these real life qualities that I talk about are sort of translated to a very specific technical configuration, and we were very lucky to collaborate with ETH Zurich to develop the first prototype. 	1
Each one has also been issued a locker in which documents are delivered whenever counsel are in Arusha.	0
You can see it can fit into the palm of my hand. 	1
CC: A-rhythm-etic. Audience: A-rhythm-etic. 	1
Its current mailing list, which has over 850 recipients, includes news services in Kigali, Nairobi, Dar es Salaam, and Addis Ababa and international and non-governmental organizations, embassies and diplomatic posts in the subregion, a number of universities and major law schools, and lawyers on the duty counsel roster.	0
The Tribunal has also facilitated the permanent establishment in Arusha of the media, including three news services and non-governmental organizations dealing with communications: Fondation Hirondelle, of Switzerland; Intermedia, of France; and Internews, from the United States of America.	0
Now let's envision this: three dollars' worth of quarters. 	1
A total of 202 journalists are accredited with the Tribunal.	0
All: A-one-two-three-four, one-two-three-four, one-two-three-four. 	1
112. During the reporting period, the two libraries received donations from the Canadian, Danish and Irish Governments; various Canadian and United States associations; and non-governmental organizations for human rights and university and/or research institutions, particularly from Germany and Switzerland.	0
116. The annual budget for 1998, amounting to $50,879,100 (net), or $56,736,300 (gross), was approved by the General Assembly in resolution 52/218 of 22 December 1997.	0
Last year, the Hansard Society, a nonpartisan charity which seeks to strengthen parliamentary democracy and encourage greater public involvement in politics published, alongside their annual audit of political engagement, an additional section devoted entirely to politics and the media. 	1
128. For example, despite optimistic predictions, since mid-1997 the Tribunal has not been able to obtain additional space for its headquarters in the Arusha International Conference Centre (AICC) complex.	0
We should always remember that our notion of individual freedom and its partner, creative freedom, is comparatively new in the history of Western ideas, and for that reason, it's often undervalued and can be very quickly undermined. 	1
It was only during the first half of 1998 that the management was able to provide the additional space needed to set up the third courtroom and provide for the additional staff that were expected.	0
It's a prize easily lost, and once lost, once surrendered, it can prove very, very hard to reclaim. 	1
36. UNRWA continues to benefit from the support of OIC member States to the Agency’s regular budget and special assistance programmes.	0
So imagine if you designed kettles, you actually found a way to solve these system failures, because this is a huge amount of pressure on the system, just because the product hasn't thought about the problem that it's going to have when it exists in the world. 	1
22. The representative of UNDP informed the chairpersons of the ongoing cooperation with the Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, in drafting a human rights programme, “Human rights strengthening – HURIST”, with the aim of supporting the implementation of UNDP policy on human rights as presented in its policy document entitled “Integrating human rights with sustainable human development”.	0
But ESG is the measure of sustainability, and sustainable investing incorporates ESG factors with financial factors into the investment process. 	1
He has also received well-documented information from individuals connected in one way or another with the situation in Iraq.	0
Well, you have to find someone who is willing to be a surrogate. 	1
28. The second and third lists, which contain 41 and 89 names, respectively, cite the charges for which the detainees were arrested.	0
In the context of this auditorium, the front two rows aren't going to get any food. 	1
As for the beneficiaries, they continue to complain about the inadequacy of the food basket.	0
Secondly, inflation simply never became a threat. 	1
I seriously believe the question should be, why not? 	1
12. Collaboration continued with LAS, its specialized agencies and affiliated bodies within the context of the ESCWA programme of work, mainly through the preparation of reports and reciprocal participation in meetings and follow-up to global conferences.	0
So this question is about your capacity to develop relationships with people that are very different than you. 	1
14. Cooperation with the Arab Fund for Economic and Social Development (AFESD) was undertaken in the framework of ESCWA activities in community development, human development and poverty eradication.	0
Third question: are you courageous enough to abandon a practice that has made you successful in the past? 	1
The conclusions of the meetings clearly demonstrate that there is a distinct need for cooperation between customs administrations in the Arab region, especially on coordination and computerization.	0
63. Since 1996, contacts and consultations have continued between LAS and UNHCR to identify the most appropriate solutions to critical refugee situations in the Arab region.	0
Representatives of the Palestine National Authority, the European Union, the Saudi Development Fund, the Arab Maghreb Union, the Islamic Development Bank, the Arab Union of Chambers of Commerce, Industry and Agriculture, the Arab Investors Union, the Union of Arab Banks, the Arab Investment Guarantee Corporation, the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries, the Arab Council of Economic Union and the Arab Trade Financing Programme (Arab Monetary Fund) were also present.	0
Edward Wilson says we need to understand that human sexuality is first a bonding device and only secondarily procreation. 	1
Consultations on cooperation between the Department of Political Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat and the LAS Department of Political and International Affairs were held informally at the meeting.	0
My hope is that a more accurate, updated understanding of human sexuality will lead us to have greater tolerance for ourselves, for each other, greater respect for unconventional relationship configurations like same-sex marriage or polyamorous unions, and that we'll finally put to rest the idea that men have some innate, instinctive right to monitor and control women's sexual behavior. 	1
A case study on the promotion of trade and investment cooperation between the Association of South- East Asian Nations (ASEAN) and ECO, undertaken by ESCAP at the joint request of the Secretaries-General of ECO and ASEAN, was submitted to the executive heads at their third consultative meeting.	0
Our team last year in Honolulu, which in this case was three full-time fellows who were doing a year of public service, were asked by the city to rebuild the website. 	1
Now, many of the problems that children with autism face, they have a common source, and that source is that they find it difficult to understand abstraction, symbolism. 	1
2. In accordance with Assembly resolution 52/1 B of 26 June 1998, the prorated share of UNPREDEP of $168,800 in the financing of the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi (UNLB) for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 has been absorbed within the overall appropriation provided under Assembly resolution 52/245.	0
So Avaz is essentially converting pictures, it's a translator, it converts pictures into speech. 	1
Completely out of the blue, very spontaneously, the child got up and said, "Eat." 	1
Some 70 per cent of this amount is based on standard ratios and costs contained in the standard ratio/cost manual, while the remaining 30 per cent covers mission-specific requirements and other items that may vary from the standard.	0
155 litres per hour at 24 cents per litre.	0
Refurbishment of toilets and showers at Camp Valhalla	0
Fourth thing: the physics of the very strange. 	1
So, yes, we need to focus, yes, we need to concentrate, but we also need to remember that innovation, ingenuity, inspiration -- when we broaden our field of vision when we step back when we zoom out. 	1
Additional requirements, therefore, amount to $516,500.	0
It's for that reason that many activists specifically avoid using the telephone. 	1
Provision has been made for the reimbursement of equipment provided by the UNPREDEP military contingents on a self-sustainment basis ($844,152).	0
There's no law that's been passed specifically authorizing this technique, and because of its power and potential for abuse, it's vital that we have an informed public debate. 	1
Staff costs have been shown on a net basis under line item 2 (b) of annex I to the present report.	0
Even though the pinnacle of modern science, research microscopes are not designed for field testing. 	1
The Bayt Yahun crossing, which is under the control of client militia elements, remained closed to passage in both directions all day long.	0
At 2110 hours Israeli helicopters overflew the Mayfadun and Jabbur pool areas at high altitude.	0
But they became fascinated by it, and it was really exciting for me to see them get excited about science. 	1
Between 1820 and 2110 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm and 120-mm artillery shells at Mazra`at Umqata, areas along the Tasah Spring and outlying areas of Kafra, Yatar, Haris and Majdal Zun from their positions at Tall Ya`qub, Zafatah and Ksarat al-Urush.	0
And the second thing was, one time a friend came over and looked at this on my table and was like, "Oh. 	1
At 0800 hours a client militia foot patrol strafed the Tumat Niha road area with medium- and light-weapons fire.	0
The companies that win awards for workplace flexibility in the United States include some of our most successful corporations, and a 2008 national study on the changing workforce showed that employees in flexible and effective workplaces are more engaged with their work, they're more satisfied and more loyal, they have lower levels of stress and higher levels of mental health. 	1
At 2040 hours Israeli forces fired six illumination flares over Ahmadiyah hill from their positions in the occupied strip.	0
If breadwinning and caregiving are really equal, then why shouldn't a government as the foundation of a healthy society as it invests in physical infrastructure as the backbone of a successful economy? 	1
At 1900 hours Israeli forces fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yatar from their position at Tall Ya`qub.	0
So changing our workplaces and building infrastructures of care would make a big difference, but we're not going to get equally valued choices unless we change our culture, and the kind of cultural change required means re-socializing men. 	1
Between 2015 and 2250 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells and 81-mm and 120-mm mortar shells at outlying areas of Haddatha, Jabal al-Rafi`, areas along the Tasah Spring, Wadi al-Kafur and areas along the Zahrani River from their positions at Zafatah, Ksarat al-Urush and Shaqif al-Naml and in the Tahrah and Majdah hills.	0
So I was raised to believe that championing women's rights meant doing everything we could to get women to the top. 	1
Between 1450 and 1530 hours Israeli forces fired several 120-mm mortar shells at parts of Jabal Sujud from their position at Ksarat al-Urush.	0
At 1850 hours an Israeli helicopter fired an air-to-surface missile at a Lebanese Army M-113 troop carrier in Mayfadun centre.	0
At 1010 hours the client militia directed several bursts of fire at Jabal Ayn al-Tinah from its position at Tumat Jazzin.	0
This is real innovation, and I define it as problem-solving. 	1
Like previous attacks, this new series is in flagrant violation of the sovereignty and independence of Lebanon and constitutes a breach of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations, of international law and of basic human rights.	0
So in California, everybody's really excited about a little square of plastic that you plug into a phone and you can swipe your credit card, and people say, "We've liberated the credit card from the point of sale terminal." 	1
Fantastic. Why do you even need a credit card? 	1
It works on every single phone possible, because it uses SMS. 	1
“Recalling its resolutions 955 (1994) of 8 November 1994, 989 (1995) of 24 April 1995 and 1165 (1998) of 30 April 1998,	0
And you think this is just a feature phone. 	1
I come from Johannesburg, which is a mining town. 	1
He also drew attention to the fact that, by paragraph 3 of its resolution 1165 (1998), the Security Council had decided that, as an exceptional measure, three out of the nine newly elected judges, who would be designated by the Secretary-General in consultation with the President of the International Tribunal, were to commence their terms of office as soon as possible following the elections in order that the new third Trial Chamber created by that resolution might begin to function at the earliest possible date.	0
Anyone in the room thought about sex today? 	1
English CONTENTS (continued) KABLAN, Aka Edoukou Jean-Baptiste . 25	0
April-June 1996: Legal Counsel at the Parquet de la République (Government Procurator's Office), Cyangugu Prefecture, Rwanda.	0
It was as though they knew the words but not the music of empathy. 	1
Legal Counsel at UNICEF, Section concerned with children in conflict with the law, Kigali.	0
Normally, the more empathic a person is, the larger and more active their amygdala is. 	1
After a two-year traineeship at the Court and in the Public Prosecutor's Office in 1970, he passed the bar exam required for practising as a judge, a prosecutor, a barrister or a notary.	0
Now, they don't develop morality to the point of carrying the shopping bags of little old mice across the street, but their improved environment results in healthy, sociable behavior. 	1
Membership of professional organizations	0
The more stress, the less brain development, which in turn causes less adaptability and causes higher stress levels. 	1
He has participated in international conferences with contributions on the International Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, organized at Strasbourg, France, in 1993 by the Committee on Criminal Issues of the Council of Europe (CDCP); in 1993, on conscientious objection to military service; and in 1995, on the organization and competence of the military judicature held in Budapest in the framework of the Expo international conference.	0
One way such rehabilitation might work is through restorative justice programs. 	1
The first thing that I learned was that we need to change our mindset. 	1
And indeed, I've treated a lot of people who were born without gonads. 	1
After practising at the private Bar until January 1972, joined the Attorney-General's Department as a Crown Counsel.	0
Published in the Proceedings of the eighty-sixth annual meeting of ASIL, pp. 544-550.	0
1980-1982 Counsellor for Legal Affairs, Permanent Mission of Turkey to the United Nations, New York.	0
But the risks of not doing anything for them not only puts all of them at risk of losing their lives to suicide, but it also says something about whether we are a truly inclusive society. 	1
Member of the delegation of Senegal during the negotiation in New York on the Convention on the Law of the Sea.	0
It kind of makes you wonder about our own time. 	1
1963 Appointed Judge of the Court of First Instance of Patras, Greece.	0
But why do I have to respect the teachers and authority? 	1
Well, you might well ask, what exactly is an anonymous company, and can I really set one up, and use it, without anyone knowing who I am? 	1
1995 "Utredningen om inkorporering av menneskerettighetskonvensjoner", in Jussens venner 1995 pp. 121-128. (Article concerning the proposals of the Committee report on the incorporation into Norwegian law of human rights conventions.)	0
And the techies among you, you could really help us create a prototype public registry to demonstrate what a powerful tool this could be. 	1
1992-1995 First Deputy Director of the Legal Department of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation.	0
Participated in bilateral negotiations on the drafting of treaties on legal assistance, extradition, measures to combat terrorism and prevent drug trafficking, and treaties on the elimination of racism and genocide.	0
I know what the most dangerous thing is that I've ever done because NASA does the math. 	1
Candidate of Law, Professor of International Law.	0
Not great odds, so it's a really interesting day when you wake up at the Kennedy Space Center and you're going to go to space that day because you realize by the end of the day you're either going to be floating effortlessly, gloriously in space, or you'll be dead. 	1
Master of Law (LL.M.), Harvard University, United States of America, 1982.	0
Master's thesis: "Law and economic change in South Africa".	0
After two minutes, those solid rockets explode off and then you just have the liquid engines, the hydrogen and oxygen, and it's as if you're in a dragster with your foot to the floor and accelerating like you've never accelerated. 	1
And now we use Johnson's No More Tears, which we probably should've been using right from the very beginning.  But the key to that is by looking at the difference between perceived danger and actual danger, where is the real risk? 	1
Executive and Life Member, Senior Citizen's Welfare Association, Nepal.	0
This is our spaceship, the Soyuz, that little one. 	1
These two parts here actually melt, we jettison them and they burn up in the atmosphere. 	1
Attendance and participation in meetings and seminars	0
Member of the Board of Management of the Meta Brewery, 1996.	0
Nobody knew who we were. We were the No Such Agency, the Never Say Anything. 	1
and beyond that, the privacy of citizens around the world, it's not just Americans. 	1
Member Prison Law Reform Committee: Committee set up to make recommendations for the reform of the laws governing prisons.	0
Note: Since my retirement from the Eastern Caribbean Supreme Court I have done temporary assignments on the High Court in Tortola, British Virgin Islands, on the High Court in the Turks and Caicos Islands and on the Ground Court in the Cayman Islands.	0
An old boss of mine, Tom Fargo, Admiral Fargo, used to describe it as arcs of instability. 	1
- Authorize the construction of public facilities on public beaches;	0
So I think it's very serious. I think it's number one. 	1
That's a lot of hard work that we have done, that other folks in the intelligence community have done, that the military has done, and that our allies around the globe have done. 	1
Nations and non-member States maintaining permanent observer missions at United Nations Headquarters	0
I mean, we debate these things all the time, and there is discussion that goes on in the executive branch and within NSA itself and the intelligence community about what's right, what's proportionate, what's the correct thing to do. 	1
And it's important to note that the programs that we're talking about were all authorized by two different presidents, two different political parties, by Congress twice, and by federal judges 16 different times, and so this is not NSA running off and doing its own thing. 	1
I have the honour to bring to your attention the statement on the situation in Afghanistan issued on 23 September 1998 by the Presidency of the European Union (see annex).	0
But the Government had a sacred obligation to help the people during times of hardship.	0
Israeli scientists Frederic Libersat and Ram Gal found that the venom is a very specific chemical weapon. 	1
We take drugs to shift the chemistries of our brains and to change our moods, and what are arguments or advertising or big ideas if not an attempt to influence someone else's mind? 	1
And in order for the elections in our country to be truly free and fair, we must create conditions for and wholeheartedly welcome participation in monitoring the elections by observers from Kazakhstan and the international community.	0
The future of our statehood and the future of democracy itself depend on this.	0
As with many other important innovations, those radical ideas required no new technology, just fresh thinking and a willingness to experiment, plus resiliency in the face of near-universal criticism and rejection. 	1
To this end, I propose that if the President is released from his duties or dismissed from office, or if he dies before the end of his term, the duties of the President should for the remainder of the term be assumed by the Chairman of the Senate. If the Chairman of the Senate is unable to assume the duties of the President, they will be assumed by the Chairman of the Majlis.	0
It was like oxygen, around us and necessary for life. 	1
Over the first seven years of our country's existence, we have built up an important tradition of parliamentary activity in the administration of the State.	0
I followed the path of most kids who are genetically programmed to make their parents crazy. 	1
By allowing for proportional representation of political parties, we shall make the composition of the Majlis a better and a fairer reflection of the political views that enjoy wide support in Kazakhstan.	0
It is my belief that to create these rare game changers requires you to pull off at least five miracles. 	1
The most significant outcome of the session was the Kyoto Protocol to the Convention, which has since been signed by over 50 States and, at the time of writing, ratified by one.	0
It has sent a signal to industry that new ways of doing business are in order.	0
It's more like the invention of concrete: to build the Pantheon, and enduring, but entirely insufficient by itself. 	1
Perhaps counterintuitively, I'm guessing it's a visionary idea from the late 1930s that's been revived every decade since: autonomous vehicles. 	1
7. Adoption of the report of the Preparatory Committee on its organizational session.	0
They are in fact essential to what makes us special. 	1
51. At the 4th meeting, on 20 May, the Preparatory Committee for the Special Session of the General Assembly on the Implementation of the Outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and Further Initiatives held a panel discussion on the implementation of the outcome of the Summit.	0
 And in fact, in that case, it's not only not abusive, it's technically just an accurate greeting. 	1
Targeting of the poorest group is critically important, particularly in regions with the worst social conditions, such as South Asia.	0
There should be some concrete decisions put forward before the special session begins.	0
Today, I'm going to tell you how my legs function, how they work, as a case in point for this center. 	1
This will strengthen its chances for success, as well as enhance media visibility throughout the world.	0
My bionic limbs are attached to my biological body via synthetic skins with stiffness variations, that mirror my underlying tissue biomechanics. 	1
Action taken by the Preparatory Committee	0
To that end, we used imaging tools such as MRI, to look inside my body, to figure out the geometries and locations of various tissues. 	1
Draft decision I, entitled “Objectives of the special session”, was adopted, as revised (see chap. VI, sect. B, decision 1);	0
78. At the same meeting, the Preparatory Committee adopted draft decision V, as orally revised (see chap. VI, sect. B, decision 7).	0
We're also embedding sensing and smart materials into the synthetic skins. 	1
Chapter V Adoption of the report of the Preparatory Committee on its organizational session	0
The General Assembly approves the provisional agenda for the first session of the Preparatory Committee for the Special Session of the General Assembly on the Implementation of the Outcome of the World Summit for Social Development and Further Initiatives set out below.	0
At my MIT lab, we study how humans with normal physiologies stand, walk and run. 	1
Structured requests for national reports will have been sent but responses will not have been completed nor will analysis be far advanced.	0
So on the left, you see the bionic device worn by a lady, on the right, a passive device worn by the same lady, that fails to emulate normal muscle function, enabling her to do something everyone should be able to do: go up and down their steps at home. 	1
(ii) To invite Governments to provide information, preferably not later than October 1999, to assist the Secretary-General in the preparation of his report;	0
That can be sent out wirelessly to the bionic limb, then [sensory information] on the bionic limb can be converted to stimulations in adjacent channels, sensory channels. 	1
(d) Encourages Governments to include representatives of civil society in their national preparatory process, as well as in their delegations to the Preparatory Committee and the special session;	0
Our built environment, our technologies, are broken and disabled. 	1
The transport aircraft violated the south-western Nicosia flight information region as well.	0
Bionics is not only about making people stronger and faster. 	1
He's friends of many of you in this audience, and seven years ago, Aaron came to me with a question. 	1
The remaining products are tentatively planned for attention in the subsequent inter-sessional period.	0
So on January 11, the anniversary of Aaron's death, we began a walk that ended on January 24th, the day that Granny D was born. 	1
The Conference of the Parties supported the ongoing review process and reiterated requests for contributions regarding ongoing activities and existing instruments relevant to the conservation and sustainable use of agricultural biodiversity.	0
And it's this gap between 96 and 91 that explains our politics of resignation. 	1
(c) Development of annex I to the Convention;	0
For the last year, we have been working with analysts and political experts to calculate, how much would it cost to win enough votes in the United States Congress to make fundamental reform possible? 	1
The focus of the programme is on research, criteria and indicators, and the development of technologies necessary for the conservation and sustainable use of forest biodiversity.	0
(b) Analyse ways in which human activities – in particular, forest-management practices – influence biological diversity and assess ways to minimize or mitigate negative influences;	0
The decision places greater emphasis on a decentralized approach to development and implementation of the programme of work than do the other decisions. It places emphasis on cooperation with relevant international processes, in particular IFF, the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification and the FAO Global Forest Resources Assessment exercise.	0
(a) The report on implementation of the Convention at the next review of progress achieved in the implementation of Agenda 21 by the General Assembly in the year 2002;	0
So by looking at the night sky deeper and deeper -- in fact, these guys spent three years on the South Pole looking straight up through the coldest, clearest, cleanest air they possibly could find looking deep into the night sky and studying that glow and looking for the faint twists which are the symbol, the signal, the ringing of the early universe. 	1
CA: So, given that this vacation led to the creation of the world's biggest private foundation, it's pretty expensive as vacations go.  MG: I guess so. We enjoyed it. 	1
In this regard, he pointed out the need to streamline and strengthen technical support for the intergovernmental process.	0
So that was '93, and it was '97, really, before the foundation itself started. 	1
5. The Department does not at present provide technical servicing to the Security Council, which remains in the Department of Political Affairs, or to the Fifth and Sixth Committees of the Assembly, which continue to receive technical and substantive servicing by the Department of Management and the Office of Legal Affairs, respectively.	0
In the U.S., you just go down to the drug store." 	1
5. In case of division, the two sides emphasized the principle of equal share for all littoral States and equitable exploitation of the resources of the Caspian Sea.	0
And what you find is really a phenomenal success story which is not widely known, that we are making incredible progress. 	1
(Signed) Seyyed Mohammad Khatami For Turkmenistan: (Signed) S. Niyazov	0
We can actually accelerate the progress. 	1
B. Voluntary contributions and trust funds	0
You should look at, what was your goal? 	1
A boat would also be required to facilitate travel and communications between Lungi and Freetown.	0
Humanitarian access to affected populations relying on assistance is a major concern since the security situation remains volatile in many parts of the country and access is dependent on air transport which in some places is only possible by helicopter.	0
CA: You're spending, like, a billion dollars a year in education, I think, something like that. 	1
They may not even have the degrees to be able to have anything to call an education. 	1
Based on the biannual estimated cost for external audit.	0
Includes international and local bank charges.	0
They listen to his metaphors and analogies, and they start learning these little things that if they practice enough becomes the key to magic. 	1
When people think about cities, they tend to think of certain things. 	1
But one of the more wonky things about me is that I am an animal behaviorist, and I use those skills not to study animal behavior but to study how people in cities use city public spaces. 	1
One of the first spaces that I studied was this little vest pocket park called Paley Park in midtown Manhattan. 	1
And when I sat down on that test bench with sand still swirling all around me, the railing hit exactly at eye level, blocking my view and ruining my experience at the water's edge. 	1
Now, this proved very valuable 20 years later when Michael Bloomberg asked me to be his planning commissioner and put me in charge of shaping the entire city of New York. 	1
I wanted to make sure that there were tree-lined paths from the upland to the water, that there were trees and plantings everywhere, and, of course, lots and lots of places to sit. 	1
You know, railings have to be higher now, so we put bar seating at the edge, and you can get so close to the water you're practically on it. 	1
Hey, why not take out those plantings and have shops all along the High Line? 	1
(ii) 402 person days at $190 per day for the period from 13 July to 31 August 1998 ($76,400);	0
People stay because they are having a great time. 	1
It can hover, fly backwards, even upside down. 	1
21. Provision is made for the cost of third-party liability insurance for an average fleet strength of 69 United Nations-owned vehicles at an estimated cost of $350 per vehicle per annum for the 11.6-month period ($23,300).	0
 PM: And what were the first signs that recovery was not only going to be possible but you were going to have some semblance of the life that you and Gabby had planned? 	1
22. Based on the operational requirements of the Mission, two aircraft would be deployed to the Mission area, consisting of one MI-8 helicopter and one B-200 (Beechcraft) fixed- wing aircraft.	0
(c) Sanitation and cleaning materials at the standard rate of $5 per person per month ($10,000);	0
PM: After you got married, however, you continued very independent lives. 	1
So I didn't actually resign from being an astronaut, but I gave up my job and they found a replacement. 	1
Advises on the demobilization and reintegration process through the formulation of a strategy and plan of action related to the demobilization and reintegration programme, including the identification of objectives, the formulation of a timetable and the implementation of training materials for the use of demobilizing troops.	0
MK: Well, that's Gabby's service dog Nelson. 	1
MK: And we got him from a— GG: Prison. Murder. MK: We have a lot of connections with prisons, apparently.  Nelson came from a prison, raised by a murderer in Massachusetts. 	1
PM: So Gabby, what have you learned from your experiences the past few years? 	1
You are people who have done service to your country and you are continuing to do that with a new initiative, a new purpose. 	1
1. Ship construction, equipment and seaworthiness	0
But at least in my case, are they the ones that I think about the most? And the answer is no. 	1
And it is amazing the variety that one finds on those shelves. 	1
23. As of 30 September 1998, a total of 91 States parties to the Convention, including the European Community, were, as of that date, bound by the Agreement.	0
We sign them up for team sports, thinking maybe they will need collaborative skills, you know, for when they go to Harvard Business School. 	1
27. Pursuant to article 43 of the Agreement, four States (China, France, Netherlands, Uruguay) and the European Community made declarations upon signature, and four States (Mauritius, Norway, Russian Federation, United States of America) upon ratification or accession.	0
We have no rules, no scripts, no norms for what to do when a child comes along now that both mom and dad are breadwinners. 	1
This would be considered by the Authority in the next session.	0
Happiness and self-confidence, teaching children that is not like teaching them how to plow a field. 	1
In 1997, the Division also assisted the Authority by informing the World Trade Organization (WTO) about the consistency of the trade-related provisions of the deep seabed mining regime, as established by Part XI of the Convention and the 1994 Implementing Agreement, with the provisions of the WTO; and about the convergence of the dispute settlement procedures in trade-related matters under the deep seabed mining regime with those of WTO.5	0
We are now so anxious to protect our kids from the world's ugliness that we now shield them from "Sesame Street." 	1
The fourth session was held from 1 to 31 October 1997 and the fifth session from 21 September to 16 October 1998.	0
The content of the original "Sesame Street" is not suitable for children. 	1
They set out the organization of the Tribunal, the responsibilities of the Registrar and the organization of the Registry. They also provide a set of procedural steps to be followed in the handling of cases, i.e. from the institution of proceedings through the different stages of written pleadings and hearings to the delivery of a judgment.	0
So there's that big screen, and there's no planets, because unfortunately it doesn't actually work very well, because the light waves of the light and waves diffracts around that screen the same way it did in the telescope. 	1
The Meeting dealt primarily with the draft budget of the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea for 1999 and supplementary budget for 1996–1997 (SPLOS/WP.8), the rules of procedure of the Meeting of States Parties (SPLOS/2/Rev.3 and Add.1), in particular rule 53 on decisions on questions of substance, and the role of the Meeting of States Parties in reviewing ocean and law of the sea issues.	0
We've been working on this for the last five or six years. 	1
Concerning fisheries zones, the table only reflects the States which do not have exclusive economic zones and whose fisheries zones extend beyond the limits of their territorial sea.	0
200 M and/or outer edge of continental margin (UNCLOS)	0
This is not the recipe for legibility at small size. 	1
The GIS database is connected with the National Legislation database in the Division which enables the Division to access other relevant information linked to certain geographic features.	0
I was left with a design solution for a nonexistent technical problem. 	1
It pointed out that coastal fisheries in small island developing States, once abundant, had become scarce owing to overfishing by both artisanal and small-scale commercial fishing activity.	0
114. As reaffirmed by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/202, a two-day special session of the Assembly is to be convened in 1999 for an in-depth assessment and appraisal of the implementation of the Barbados Programme of Action.	0
There were some motifs and elements that would come up again later in her life. 	1
In the resolution, IMO is directed to consider the practice from the point of view of safety of life at sea, and is requested to ensure that it participates in the preparation of any draft convention or other instrument on the subject.	0
I wanted to see what's called archer's paradox, the idea that in order to actually hit your target, you have to aim at something slightly skew from it. 	1
The seriousness of the problems has been brought to the attention of a number of forums, notably IMO, the Meeting of States Parties to UNCLOS and the General Assembly of the United Nations.	0
149. In some cases there is a lack of financial resources and, as pointed out by the shipping industry, a lack of political will on the part of some coastal States concerned,12 to combat piracy and armed robbery in their territorial sea.	0
Painter Paul Cézanne so often thought his works were incomplete that he would deliberately leave them aside with the intention of picking them back up again, but at the end of his life, the result was that he had only signed 10 percent of his paintings. 	1
The first such seminar is scheduled for Rio de Janeiro in October 1998, the second in Singapore in February 1999.	0
His friend refused to honor the request, and because of that, we now have all the works we now do by Kafka: "America," "The Trial" and "The Castle," a work so incomplete it even stops mid-sentence. 	1
156. The IMO Guidelines provide practical guidance on procedures to be followed by all the authorities and persons concerned in order that the return and repatriation of a stowaway may be achieved in an acceptable and humane manner.	0
The Paris Review got it out of James Baldwin when they asked him, "What do you think increases with knowledge?" 	1
Bahrain having challenged the authenticity of 81 documents produced by Qatar, the Court then decided that Qatar should also file an interim report on the question of the authenticity of each of these documents;	0
We thrive not when we've done it all, but when we still have more to do. 	1
The tribunal issued its ruling on 9 October 1988 at The Hague and unanimously found that the islands, islets, rocks and low-tide elevations forming the Mohabbakah islands, including but not limited to Sayal islet, Harbi islet, Flat islet and High islet; the islands, islets, rocks and low-tide elevations forming the Haycock Islands; and South-west Rocks islands are subject to the territorial sovereignty of Eritrea.	0
Science starts with observation, but the trick is to identify the patterns and signatures that we might otherwise dismiss as myth or coincidence, isolate them, and test them with scientific rigor. 	1
168. The 1997 Conference of Contracting Parties to SOLAS adopted a new chapter XII, entitled “Additional Safety Measures for Bulk Carriers”, which is expected to enter into force on 1 July 1999 under the tacit amendment procedure (see SOLAS/CONF.4/25).	0
And it turns out the web is awash with this sort of evidence that supports this sort of thinking. 	1
The new regulations will apply not only to new bulk carriers, but also to existing ones.	0
So biologically, there are plenty of species that display banding or patterns, warning patterns, to either be cryptical in the water or warn against being attacked, not the least of which is the pilot fish which spends a big slab of its life around the business end of a shark. 	1
This is the problem: Satellites are big, expensive and they're slow. 	1
The Assembly’s decision is subject to affirmative approval, by the Inmarsat Council, of certain commercial documentation and legal conditions precedent to the transfer of business to the company, and the Council was expected to give that approval at its seventy-fourth session in November 1998 (see MSC 69/10/2 and MSC 69/22, para. 10.16).	0
And that's not the only trick we learned from Silicon Valley. 	1
IHO and IMO have also decided jointly that draft regulation 9 of the new chapter V of the SOLAS Convention be reflected in the General Assembly resolution on the item “Oceans and the law of the sea”.	0
Now, what has bonded our team over the years is the idea of democratizing access to satellite information. 	1
In taking these measures, each State is required to conform to generally accepted international regulations, procedures and practices and to take any steps which may be necessary to secure their observance.	0
This is not an animation, this is a video taken by the astronaut looking out of the window. 	1
IMO has been developing a global strategy for port State control in order to ensure that, while the systems may be regional, the standards applied will be universal.	0
In short, we want to democratize access to information about our planet. 	1
In the case of a violation of such measures, the inspectors would prepare a report of the inspection, copies of which would be forwarded to the flag State and to the ICCAT secretariat.	0
The harp has four separate pendulums, and each pendulum has 11 strings, so the harp swings on its axis and also rotates in order to play different musical notes, and the harps are all networked together so that they can play the right notes at the right time in the music. 	1
273. In the east-central Atlantic, a regional strategy for the implementation of the Code of Conduct for Responsible Fisheries was the topic of discussion at the Tenth Session of the Subcommittee on Management of Resources within the Limits of National Jurisdiction of the Fishery Committee for the Eastern and Central Atlantic (CECAF), held at Lomé, from 8 to 11 December 1997.	0
And this is a mapping application for disaster response. 	1
293. Catch limits for commercial and for aboriginal subsistence whaling, humane killing of whales, objectives of the Southern Ocean Sanctuary, environmental research, management of small cetaceans and cooperation with other international organizations and the Revised Management Scheme (RMS) were the topics of discussions at the fiftieth Annual Meeting of the International Whaling Commission (IWC), which was convened at Muscat, Oman, from 16 to 20 May 1998.	0
So the question remains, what does cause autism? 	1
Non-living marine resources include beach and nearshore minerals, deep sea minerals, offshore oil and gas, and chemicals and freshwater from the sea. Deep sea minerals	0
And we can look in particular at three types of siblings: identical twins, twins that actually share 100 percent of their genetic information and shared the same intrauterine environment, versus fraternal twins, twins that actually share 50 percent of their genetic information, versus regular siblings, also sharing 50 percent of their genetic information, yet not sharing the same intrauterine environment. 	1
315. In the communiqué of the meeting of the Environment Ministers of the Group of 8 (Leeds, United Kingdom, 3–5 April 1998), the Ministers committed themselves to renewed and coordinated efforts to promote international initiatives and agreements to reverse the decline of marine ecosystems, to the promotion of the sustainable use and conservation of marine biodiversity and to the development of management systems based upon an ecosystem approach.	0
If the organization so determines, the coastal State may for that area adopt laws and regulations for the prevention, reduction and control of pollution from vessels implementing such international rules and standards or navigational practices as are made applicable, through the organization, for “special areas”.	0
Had he been racing against the winner of the 1904 Olympic marathon, he would have won by nearly an hour and a half. 	1
At its twenty-eighth session, held at Geneva from 20 to 24 April 1998 (GESAMP Reports and Studies No. 66), GESAMP issued a statement included as annex X to the report promoting a more balanced public appreciation of the diverse human activities that can result in damage or risk of damage to the marine environment.	0
Had Jesse Owens been racing last year in the world championships of the 100 meters, when Jamaican sprinter Usain Bolt finished, Owens would have still had 14 feet to go. 	1
It is important to note that sustainable development requires state-of-the-art “clean technologies”, and developing States need to be given access to these technologies and skills.	0
Today, one in 10 men in the NBA is at least seven feet tall, but a seven-foot-tall man is incredibly rare in the general population -- so rare that if you know an American man between the ages of 20 and 40 who is at least seven feet tall, there's a 17 percent chance he's in the NBA right now. 	1
The project is intended to increase networking among the countries of the region and to facilitate the flow of scientific information.	0
We can link global experts with people in the most rural, difficult-to-reach places that are beyond the end of the road, effectively putting those experts in their homes, allowing us to make diagnoses and make plans for treatment. 	1
The first was a regional and country overview of the sources of land-based activities that polluted the marine environment and the second was a regional action plan developed by the countries.	0
 And now because live demos are always a bad idea, we're going to try a live demo. 	1
The meeting succeeded in agreeing upon the procedure for the establishment of a network of regional activity centres.	0
Climate models in the 2010s, kind of what we're working with now, four orders of magnitude. 	1
The UNEP/SPREP Global Programme of Action for Protection of the Marine Environment from Land-based Activities is being partly implemented by activities specifically addressing persistent organic pollutants (POPs).	0
In brief, the prohibition can be modified at any time if all parties agree.	0
But what we really want to know is what happens to these emergent properties when we kick the system? 	1
Contrails change the climate by creating clouds where there were none before, and of course greenhouse gases change the system. 	1
It further affirmed the commitment of the Council to the protection of the Arctic environment, including the health of its ecosystems, maintenance of biodiversity in the region, and conservation and sustainable use of natural resources.	0
409. The nineteenth meeting of the Helsinki Commission was held at Helsinki from 23 to 27 March 1998.	0
The models are skillful, not just in the global mean, but also in the regional patterns. 	1
Moreover, an effective, comprehensive, integrated and multisectoral review of ocean issues requires the input and participation at meetings of a large number of national ministries; they should not be limited just to ministries with sectoral responsibilities such as the environment.	0
430. The Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea participated in the group of experts and has been closely involved in the preparation of the draft convention, which is being undertaken jointly by UNESCO and the Division.	0
I don't know what's coming, and all I can do is remind myself that I told Chris I'd fly by the seat of my pants, and now that I'm up here it sort of feels like that dream where you don't have any pants on, and so I suppose I'm going to be flying by the seat of my ass. 	1
I don't need to know more. I don't want to know. 	1
The new nitrogen can promote the growth of algae and other organisms.	0
But I am very excited to be here right now, so I am just trying to remind myself that, you know, like, the purpose of being here and everything, I mean, trying to answer these questions, it is very exciting. 	1
438. Production of medicines from marine sources is an ongoing industry.	0
449. Concerns about climate change have prompted the development of cost-effective techniques and deployment systems aimed at obtaining time-series data from the deep ocean that enable scientists to study the nature of ocean variability on time scales ranging from seasons to decades.	0
 ["They've discovered a cure for cancer, but not baldness? What's up with that?"] Yeah, you know what, so my name is Joseph Mancuso. 	1
And, you know, I just have to say, the whole thing with baldness, and, you know, here's the thing. 	1
455. Undersea communication has undergone remarkable technological advances in recent years.	0
Representatives of the United Nations Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea/Office of Legal Affairs and the Division for Sustainable Development of the Department for Economic and Social Affairs, UNEP, FAO, UNESCO, IOC, WMO, IMO and IAEA participated in the session.	0
I think, really, I can't talk about race without remembering that it is a construct in certain respects, but also that, you know, until we redress the wrongs of the past, we're going to be turned around. 	1
465. At its twenty-eighth session, held at Geneva from 20 to 24 April 1998 (GESAMP Reports and Studies No. 66), GESAMP, inter alia, reviewed the draft of the biennial report on the state of the marine environment and the drafts of selected chapters of the report on land-based sources and activities affecting the quality and uses of the marine, coastal and associated freshwater environment prepared by a working group dealing with the subject.	0
CSA also agreed to expand this initiative to include its Internet Database Service and to extend the service to any African LIFDC that has access to the Internet.	0
And for me, I think homeless is the wrong word for it anyway. 	1
The fellowship programme is one of the activities carried out by the Division for Ocean Affairs and the Law of the Sea within the framework of the United Nations Programme of Assistance in the Teaching, Study, Dissemination and Wider Application of International Law.	0
He's running for U.S. Senate in Tennessee, and he says, "Mellody, I desperately need some national press. Do you have any ideas?" 	1
491. The English version of the Web site has been publicly accessible for over two years.	0
But if I walked you into a Fortune 500 company, and everyone around the table is a white male, when will it be that we think that's weird too? 	1
At the same time, by providing links to the sites and databases of other organizations of the United Nations system, the Web site is becoming a centralized point of reference for information on oceans and the law of the sea.	0
If you happen to be surrounded by a bunch of people who look like you, that's purely accidental. 	1
49 FAO Fisheries Department document (http://www.fao.org/ waicent/faoinfo/fishery/agreem/codecond/cecaf2.htm).	0
When we got evicted, sometimes we lived in these small apartments that she owned, sometimes in only one or two rooms, because they weren't completed, and we would heat our bathwater on hot plates. 	1
The United Nations Development Programme and IPU are planning to conclude in the near future arrangements for a multi-year parliamentary support programme that will considerably expand cooperation in four areas: technical assistance for parliaments, promoting partnership between men and women in political life, promoting inter-parliamentary cooperation, and providing guidelines for assistance to parliaments based on an evaluation of past experience.	0
 Helen Walters: So I don't know if you were here this morning, if you were able to catch Rick Ledgett, the deputy director of the NSA who was responding to Edward Snowden's talk earlier this week. 	1
A tripartite meeting of representatives of parliaments, Governments and international organizations is planned on the occasion of the special session of the General Assembly to be held in June 2000, as a means of generating increased synergy in following up the commitments made by States at Beijing.	0
He also took a lot of documents that he didn't have the knowledge to know the importance of, so I think we need to learn the facts about this case before we make snap judgments about Edward Snowden. 	1
20. As in previous years, IPU also contributed to the work of the Commission on the Status of Women, as well as to the work on gender issues of the Commission on Human Rights and the Economic and Social Council.	0
Now at this point, about 30 nanoseconds in, the home plate is far enough away that light hasn't had time to reach it, which means the batter still sees the pitcher about to throw and has no idea that anything is wrong. 	1
26. The Inter-Parliamentary Union continued to provide strong and concrete support to the major international conferences or summit conferences organized by the United Nations to address issues relating to sustainable economic and social development.	0
I read a calculation at one point, I think Google has a drive failure about every minute or two, and they just throw out the hard drive and swap in a new one. 	1
The European Union encourages the countries which have not yet done so to sign the Statute of the International Criminal Court and all States to ratify it.	0
There's a bunch of code, and I get some friends to help, and we crack the code, and then inside that is another code, and then there are some equations, and then we solve those equations, and then finally out pops a message from Google which is their official answer to my article, and it said, "No comment." 	1
It is a work in progress, and in its history we have seen setbacks as well as ground-breaking innovations.	0
 And I'm going to slow it down because things sound cooler when they're slower. 	1
The Committee also noted the special request contained in paragraph 9, which reads as follows:	0
4. At the time the General Assembly initiated the work of the Committee, the principal concern was the hazards of radionuclides in the environment as a result of the atmospheric testing of nuclear weapons.	0
Over the succeeding 43 years there has been a cessation of atmospheric testing of weapons, although underground testing has continued.	0
MTT: Anthems, dance crazes, ballads and marches. 	1
5. The Committee is now the major international body to review the exposure of the world population to all sources – natural and artificial, domestic and occupational – and under normal circumstances as well as after accidents, such as that at Chernobyl in 1986.	0
The Committee regularly scrutinizes the available data, including especially the Japanese survivor data, to assess the cancer risk estimates.	0
 Man, yeah, back to the real world, probably Sir Ken Robinson and I are not going to end up being best of friends. 	1
That reputation has only been earned because of the excellence and independence of its reports.	0
See, 30 years ago, you had the first digital samplers, and they changed everything overnight. 	1
Chapter V Summary and recommendation to the General Assembly	0
2 For the previous substantive reports of the United Nations Scientific Committee on the Effects of Atomic Radiation to the General Assembly, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Thirteenth Session, Supplement No. 17 (A/3838); ibid., Seventeenth Session, Supplement No. 16 (A/5216); ibid., Nineteenth Session, Supplement No. 14 (A/5814); ibid., Twenty-first Session, Supplement No. 14 (A/6314 and Corr.1); ibid., Twenty-fourth Session, Supplement No. 13 (A/7613 and Corr.1); ibid., Twenty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 25 (A/8725 and Corr.1); ibid., Thirty-second Session, Supplement No. 40 (A/32/40); ibid., Thirty-seventh Session, Supplement No. 45 (A/37/45); ibid., Forty-first Session, Supplement No. 16 (A/41/16); ibid., Forty-third Session, Supplement No.45 (A/43/45); and ibid., Forty-eighth Session, Supplement No. 46 (A/48/46).	0
You have to take an element of those things and then bring something fresh and new to it, which was something that I learned when I was working with the late, amazing Amy Winehouse on her album "Back to Black." 	1
I have the honour to write to you in connection with document A/53/357, dated 10 September 1998, circulated under agenda item 7 of the fifty-third session of the General Assembly entitled "Notification by the Secretary-General under Article 12, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations", which contains a brief statement on matters of which the Security Council is seized and on the stage reached in their consideration since the last notification to the General Assembly at its fifty-second session contained in document A/52/392.	0
And all of these interactions, taken together, produce a network. 	1
It is only a matter of time, and it will not drag on for too long.	0
And this was amazing for me, after all these years, to find out, for example, that colony 154, whom I've known well for many years, is a great-grandmother. 	1
Having considered chapter III, section C, of the report of the Committee on Contributions, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 11 (A/53/11).	0
An addendum to the present report will reflect the further consideration of the item by the Committee during the fifty-third session.	0
When I first saw this picture, I thought, Oh no, they've mounted the habitat vertically, but then I realized that, of course, it doesn't matter. 	1
1. The previous recommendations made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under agenda item 118 appear in the reports of the Committee contained in documents A/53/464 and Add.1 and 2.	0
And like all good financial frauds in America, it began in Orange County, California. 	1
We'd seen it before. We'd stopped it before. 	1
Recalling its resolution 52/215 B of 22 December 1997,	0
We had incredibly early warnings of it, and it was absolutely unambiguous that no honest lender would make loans in this fashion. 	1
By its resolution 51/218 E of 17 June 1997, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to convene the Phase IV Working Group prior to submitting his report.	0
Congress, it may strike you as impossible, but actually did something intelligent in 1994, and passed the Home Ownership and Equity Protection Act that gave the Fed, and only the Federal Reserve, the explicit, statutory authority to ban liar's loans by every lender, whether or not they had federal deposit insurance. 	1
1. In its resolution 47/218 B of 14 September 1993, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to submit a comprehensive report on all issues that affect the successful operation and administration of peacekeeping operations.	0
Without any guidance from the regulators, there's no expertise in the FBI to investigate complex frauds. 	1
7. Under phase III of the project, a working group of financial experts met from 10 to 20 July 1995 to consider the recommendations contained in the report of the Phase II Working Group, to review the rates of reimbursement proposed by the ad hoc working group and to make recommendations for comprehensive standards for which reimbursement would be authorized. The report of the Phase III Working Group was issued as the annex to document A/C.5/49/70 of 20 July 1995.	0
8. The results of the work of the Phase III Working Group were confirmed by an ad hoc working group, which met from 31 July to 4 August 1995.	0
We need to change the perverse incentive structures that produce these recurrent epidemics of accounting control fraud that are driving our crises. 	1
However, it should be noted that a significant amount of work is involved in preparing this transition plan.	0
United Nations standards of logistic support (Working Group report, para. 74)	0
You see, if the conditions are wrong, we are forced to expend our own time and energy to protect ourselves from each other, and that inherently weakens the organization. 	1
The Working Group recommended that a standardized mission-specific personal equipment listing be approved prior to deployment to a mission.	0
We know that they allowed their people to be sacrificed so they could protect their own interests, or worse, they sacrificed their people to protect their own interests. 	1
“– The unit is responsible for maintaining and servicing its offices, including all equipment, repair parts and supplies;	0
Every employee, from secretary to CEO, was required to take four weeks of unpaid vacation. 	1
38. The Secretariat made a proposal to eliminate reimbursement in this category based on the premise that once an accommodation area is cleared there is no continuing need for sustaining an explosive ordnance disposal capability.	0
And quite spontaneously, nobody expected, people started trading with each other. 	1
A revised manual should be completed no later than mid-1999;	0
Some of them stayed in the Army and were more or less okay, psychologically. 	1
He came back to the States. He got out of the Army. 	1
And he thought about it quite a long time, and finally he said, "Ma'am, I miss almost all of it." 	1
In its resolution 50/222, the General Assembly decided that the reform procedures should be in place from 1 July 1996 and that for missions activated prior to 1 July 1996, troop-contributing countries would have the option to accept reimbursement under either the new or the old reimbursement methodology.	0
The retroactive application of the procedures to completed missions has caused financial shortfalls owing to the fact that the overall reimbursement is exceeding the 10 per cent amount budgeted for contingent-owned equipment in some of these missions.	0
It is requested that the Phase IV Working Group take note of the fact that in the retroactive implementation of the new procedures, the Secretariat was not able to exert the degree of control over the amount of equipment or numbers of personnel required to support that equipment that is envisioned under the new procedures.	0
That's why they miss it, and that's what we have to understand and in some ways fix in our society. 	1
In recognition of the fact that the United Nations provided the vast majority of contingent support for these liquidating missions, no reimbursement for self-sustainment will be authorized on a retroactive basis;	0
One hundred years later, exactly, actually, December 10, 1996, this charming lady, Wislawa Szymborska, won the Nobel Prize for literature. 	1
(b) In determining the retroactive dry lease monthly reimbursement rate for armoured personnel carriers, in cases where the inventory value as indicated in the in-survey is less than 25 per cent lower than the generic fair market value established for armoured personnel carriers, the reimbursement should be considered as a special case and the monthly reimbursement rate adjusted accordingly;	0
However, since the 1950s, the other health insurance contracts have not been subject to review and competitive bidding in connection with the selection of the plan administrators or with the renewal or modification of their contracts.	0
When I got home, though, the emails started coming in from people who had seen the talk live, beginning with, and this is still my favorite, "Here's another one for your collection: 'It's the friends you can call up at 4 a.m. that matter.'" The sentiment is Marlene Dietrich. 	1
But I was also thinking what you might be thinking, which is really, couldn't you do this with any hour of the day? 	1
In still other fireflies, both sexes use quick, bright flashes to find their mates. 	1
On this basis, OIOS believes that losses occurred in prior years, or at least in 1995 and 1996, which could have been prevented by earlier modification of the contract with Aetna, based on adequate monitoring and control of the reserves.	0
The main star is an enzyme called luciferase, which in the course of evolution has figured out a way to wrap its tiny arms around an even smaller molecule called luciferin, in the process getting it so excited that it actually gives off light. 	1
Although Blue Cross did not communicate how its fees were calculated, it is certain that it included the cost of its own provider network, which duplicated the Aetna network.	0
So he flies closer and he flashes again. 	1
(c) AH97/93/1/003: The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts should undertake, if necessary with the assistance of outside firms specializing in this task, regular reviews of claims submitted under the Aetna, Blue Cross, Van Breda and Cigna plans, (I) to verify the accuracy and reasonableness of the expenditure reports submitted and the administrative fees charged by the plan administrators in this regard, and (ii) to assess the efficiency and effectiveness with which claims and reserves have been administered under the contracts with those administrators;	0
If she's good, she can lure this male close enough to reach out and grab him, and he's not just a light snack. 	1
(f) AH97/93/1/006: The Office of Programme Planning, Budget and Accounts, in consultation with the Health and Life Insurance Committee, should establish procedures to ensure that field offices follow a uniform approach in processing claims under the Medical Insurance Plan and establishing the extent to which the expenditures claimed are acceptable and reimbursable as “reasonable and customary charges”.	0
So a firefly vampire, brought to you by natural selection. 	1
1. Pakistan began dispatching personnel into Taliban-occupied areas of Afghanistan in 1994, and their number has steadily increased.	0
The problem is that, although there are many good scientists working on what they think are human pheromones, and they're publishing in respectable journals, at the basis of this, despite very sophisticated experiments, there really is no good science behind it, because it's based on a problem, which is nobody has systematically gone through all the odors that humans produce -- We're mammals. We produce a lot of smell. 	1
And it was only in 1959 that a German team, after spending 20 years in search of these molecules, discovered, identified, the first pheromone, and this was the sex pheromone of a silk moth. 	1
As at 5 August 1998, US$ 1,322,066.44 had been received.	0
Along with the pubic hair and the hair in the armpits, new glands start to secrete in those places, and that's what's making the change in smell. 	1
12. The General Assembly also requested the Secretary-General to compile in a single volume all the general guidelines regarding the form and content of reports to be submitted by States parties that have been issued by the treaty monitoring bodies.	0
Every culture has its own special food and national delicacy. 	1
If you look at how much fish protein you get per dollar invested compared to all of the other animal proteins, obviously, fish is a good business decision. 	1
Let's take them all, and let's pull them back a little bit by those that are known to have severe symptoms, where the parents, the child, those around them would know that they'd gotten sick, and let's go ahead and then frame them again by those parts of the genes where we know that there is a particular alteration that is known to be highly penetrant to cause that disease. 	1
The other reason is that in the last five years, there have been awesome tools, things about network biology, systems biology, that have come up that allow us to think that maybe we could decipher those positive outliers. 	1
Thus, taking into account the estimate given in paragraph 4 of last year’s report (A/52/423), the number of displaced registered refugees who are known by the Agency to have returned to the occupied territories since June 1967 is about 17,100.	0
My co-lead, a brilliant scientist, Eric Schadt at the Icahn Mount Sinai School of Medicine in New York, and his team, locked in that decoder key ring, and we began looking for samples, because what we realized is, maybe we could just go and look at some existing samples to get some sense of feasibility. 	1
One of the other mothers I interviewed had been raped as an adolescent, and had a child following that rape, which had thrown away her career plans and damaged all of her emotional relationships. 	1
3. Information provided by regional and subregional fisheries organizations	0
She had sought meaning and made her travail into a crucial identity. 	1
A number of submissions and comments were received by the Secretary-General, who wishes to express his appreciation for all the contributions.	0
And the artists I was with said, "Give us just a minute. 	1
22. In its reply of 5 August 1998 to the Secretary-General, Mexico stated that it had complied strictly with the provisions of resolution 46/215 establishing a total moratorium on large-scale pelagic drift-net fishing and that from 1990 to date no commercial fishing permit had been issued to fishing vessels with nets longer than 2,000 metres.	0
But properly understood and wisely practiced, identity politics should expand our idea of what it is to be human. 	1
Meeting John had been the discovery of great happiness and also the elimination of great unhappiness, and sometimes, I was so occupied with the disappearance of all that pain that I forgot about the joy, which was at first the less remarkable part of it to me. 	1
In so doing, it had worked to ensure that the draft laws were in conformity with the fisheries conservation principles as reflected in the resolution.	0
A Buddhist scholar I know once explained to me that Westerners mistakenly think that nirvana is what arrives when all your woe is behind you and you have only bliss to look forward to. 	1
(c) Other intergovernmental organizations	0
But he said that would not be nirvana, because your bliss in the present would always be shadowed by the joy from the past. 	1
It also advised that an ad hoc Working Group was currently considering incorporating the above-mentioned provisions in the future Marine Code of Monaco.	0
According to the United States, Italian enforcement authorities were currently investigating the case.	0
I mean, they looked the same, but no one thought of them that way. 	1
69. In this connection, the United States indicated that, in 1997, the United States Coast Guard, the National Marine Fisheries Service and the Canadian Maritime Forces continued to carry out surveillance activities in the North Pacific areas that in the past had been routinely fished by drift-net vessels.	0
So you would have a whole opossum roasted on a bed of sweet potatoes, and then sometimes they'd leave the big tail on it like a big, meaty noodle. 	1
So we've gone hands-on and we can't ever take our hands off, and that's a hell of a lot of work. 	1
Furthermore, Japan required vessels to obtain the permission and observe the regulations of the competent authorities of such coastal States as the condition for permission and approval for such vessels.	0
It would be another 71 years before the Endangered Species Act was passed, but really, here's its whole ethos boiled down into something like a scene you'd see in a stained glass window. 	1
92. The United States pointed out that, as a principal sponsor of General Assembly resolutions 49/116 and 52/29, it was particularly interested in ensuring that flag States fulfilled their obligation to prevent fishing vessels entitled to fly their national flag from fishing in areas under the national jurisdiction of other States unless duly authorized, and to ensure that those fishing operations were conducted in accordance with the terms and conditions established by competent authorities.	0
I had some issues when I was coming up, and my mother would always tell me, she's like, "You know, if you don't get this together, I'm going to send you to military school." 	1
The legislation also placed an obligation upon such vessels to respect and implement rules and regulations adopted by the competent international organizations with respect to fishing in areas falling under the jurisdiction of other countries.	0
And then when I was 10 and 11, my behavior just kept on getting worse. 	1
And I looked at her, and I said, "Mommy, I can see you're upset, and I'm going to work harder." 	1
“The United States implements the Compliance Agreement through the High Seas Fishing Compliance Act of 1995 (HSFCA).	0
And the only questions I got from people was, "Did you shoot anybody?" 	1
The database currently contained information on a total of 621 licensed vessels from Canada and the United States.	0
She's trying to land the chopper safely, but the chopper doesn't land safely, and the reason it's not landing safely is because it's not responding to the commands that her legs are giving because her legs were blown off. 	1
153. Qatar indicated that it had implemented several measures intended to protect and preserve fisheries resources and the marine environment. Among those measures aimed at reducing by-catch was the prohibition of nylon fishing nets, the establishment of legal limits for mesh size, and other specifications for nets used in fishing operations.	0
So it's ironic that the landscape I'd worked so hard to escape from, and the community that I'd more or less abandoned and exiled myself from should be the very landscape, the very community I would have to return to to find my missing muse. 	1
Optimization research focused on the more effective use and marketing of resources in order to reduce by-catch, with a view to using the integral part of the target catches and avoiding discards and wastes.	0
I don't want to end up in that shipyard. 	1
Compliance with those regulations was strictly enforced with penalties and the Japanese industry had been making great efforts to avoid incidental catch of seabirds, including development of seabird by-catch reduction measures.	0
If you think about the 18th century, say, if you think about intellectual life before the late 19th century, anything you did, anything you thought about, whether it was the physical world, the human world, the natural world apart from the human world, or morality, anything you did would have been framed against the background of a set of assumptions that were religious, Christian assumptions. 	1
As a follow-up, consultations would be convened in October 1998 at FAO headquarters in Rome with a view to: (a) determining the specific requirements for sustainable global and regional management of shark species; and (b) endorsing a plan of action aimed at promoting the widespread use of those guidelines by appropriate management bodies and arrangements (at the national, and/or regional, and/or international levels).	0
218. CPPS has reported that the conservation and management of sharks did not warrant a special programme within the Commission in view of the small quantities of sharks harvested.	0
So young people pay good money to get tattoos removed that teenagers paid good money to get. 	1
221. IBSFC has advised that there were no sharks in the Commission’s Convention area.	0
The question is, as a psychologist, that fascinates me is, why do we make decisions that our future selves so often regret? 	1
Financing of the United Nations Mission of Observers in Tajikistan	0
2. In paragraph 5 of its report concerning the general aspects of the financing of peacekeeping operations (A/52/860) and paragraph 1 of document A/52/860/Add.8, the Committee indicated that it had postponed consideration of the proposed budgets of MINURSO and UNMOT for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999 in view of the pending action by the Security Council.	0
The Committee cautions that the deployment of troops and equipment, prior to the signing of memoranda of understanding with troop-contributing countries, may lead to a situation where the United Nations becomes liable for the settlement of claims in excess of the actual needs of the Mission.	0
That said, poetry does seem to be especially good at certain things. 	1
The authorized strength of the Mission is 203 military observers, 186 contingent personnel, 7 force orderly personnel and 81 civilian police observers, supported by a civilian establishment of 285 international staff, 105 local staff and 10 observers from the Organization of African Unity (OAU).	0
That brave man comes up From below and walks without meditation, That brave man." 	1
As at 31 August 1998, the actual staff deployed in the mission area consisted of 199 military observers, 246 contingent personnel, 7 force orderly personnel, 81 civilian police, 246 international staff, 98 local staff and 10 OAU observers.	0
[Wallace Stevens] Now, the sun in this poem, in Wallace Stevens' poem, seems so grave because the person in the poem is so afraid. 	1
Annex III The General Assembly, by its resolution 52/229 B of 26 June 1998, decided to appropriate the amount of $8,015,120 gross ($7,587,120 net) for the maintenance of UNMOT for the period form 1 July to 31 October 1998, inclusive of an amount of $415,120 for the support account for peacekeeping operations for the period from 1 July 1998 to 30 June 1999.	0
Poems can help you say, help you show how you're feeling, but they can also introduce you to feelings, ways of being in the world, people, very much unlike you, maybe even people from long, long ago. 	1
It can even lose three legs, in a tripod, and adopt a new gait, a hopping gait. 	1
Just yesterday, a Palestinian youth, twenty-one year old Amjad Al-Natshe, was killed by Israeli troops during clashes in Al-Khalil.	0
To understand it better, we did a CT scan of the exoskeleton and showed that they can compress their body by over 40 percent. 	1
On that day, twelve F-16, one C-130, two C-160 and one propeller aircraft of the Turkish Air Force entered the northern part of the Nicosia flight information region, violating international air traffic regulations as well as the national airspace of the Republic of Cyprus.	0
That may work, it may not, but if it does, it will remember that and have a new behavior, and that can actually spread virally through the rest of the community. 	1
It is recommended that this report be read in conjunction with the report of the Secretary-General on environment and human settlements (A/53/463) containing, in its annex, the report of the United Nations Task Force on Environment and Human Settlements, which is also currently before the Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
That goes up to a higher level that might say "Apple." 	1
Criteria that would underpin such modalities should include the following points:	0
There was a 16-year-old girl, she had brain surgery, and she was conscious because the surgeons wanted to talk to her. 	1
It could also be presented in a report to the General Assembly.	0
Pretty much immediately, African-Americans started to be blamed for the passage of Proposition 8. 	1
Now, I'm a documentary filmmaker, so after going through my pissed off stage and yelling at the television and radio, my next instinct was to make a movie. 	1
9. IAEA and the Committee have a broad area of common professional interests and expertise – namely, the study of the levels and biological effects of exposure to ionizing radiation.	0
The campaign lasted a year, and it galvanized the civil rights movement like nothing had before it. 	1
10. Because of their similar professional responsibilities, it is not surprising that IAEA and the Committee have a history of close cooperation.	0
homophobia, gender identity and police brutality. 	1
In paragraph 38 of the annex to Assembly resolution 51/241, it is recommended that the Assembly invite IAEA and WHO to consider the Committee’s functions and role and to submit a recommendation to it in 1998 and that the Committee should be asked to submit its next report to IAEA and WHO as well as to the Assembly, which would discuss the report along with any evaluation of it by IAEA and WHO.	0
In 1967, the Supreme Court ruled in Loving v. Virginia, and invalidated all laws that prohibited interracial marriage. 	1
IAEA therefore recommends that the General Assembly maintain the present functions and role of the Committee, including the present reporting arrangements.	0
In United States v. Windsor, a 79-year-old lesbian named Edith Windsor sued the federal government when she was forced to pay estate taxes on her deceased wife's property, something that heterosexual couples don't have to do. 	1
25. The report informs the General Assembly of the activities of the Committee and presents its views on its specific role and functions as well as its programme and methods of working.	0
But the gay marriage movement has been making gains for years now. 	1
g See IAEA documents GOV/1454 and GOV/1475.	0
Most of these organizations have a wide range of activities relating to finance for development and, within the space limitations of this report, it is not possible to provide a comprehensive description of the activities of each organization.	0
Maybe one more other reason for the relative quick progress of the gay rights movement. 	1
New and innovative ideas for generating resources for development should be explored.	0
I'd love to tell you that I didn't flinch, but I was terrified, and when my fear subsided, I became obsessed with finding out how this happened, how animal rights and environmental activists who have never injured anyone could become the FBI's number one domestic terrorism threat. 	1
The international community, including the international financial institutions, was invited to continue to explore ways of implementing additional and innovative measures to alleviate substantially the debt burdens of developing countries.	0
A few years later, I was invited to testify before Congress about my reporting, and I told lawmakers that, while everybody is talking about going green, some people are risking their lives to defend forests and to stop oil pipelines. 	1
It set out an agenda for action, some parts of which have been implemented in the past year.	0
They were praising Dr. King as his style of activism was branded as terrorism if done in the name of animals or the environment. 	1
Concerning innovative sources of financing, there is a series of research publications and newsletters by the UNCTAD secretariat on greenhouse gas emissions trading dating back to 1992.	0
In 1995, it created a Unit for Cooperation with the Private Sector and Non-Governmental Organizations to provide a focal point and coordination for FAO’s relations with the private sector and to promote partnership initiatives.	0
Even companies founded by hackers, like Facebook was, still have a complicated relationship when it comes to hackers. 	1
The Centre helps countries prepare investment projects for international financing by the World Bank and other development banks.	0
These are things that will come back and bite you. 	1
UNIDO has also developed a network of partners – Investment Promotion Agencies or Offices in developing countries and major developed countries –- they are in contact with the donor Governments and the private sector international centres of excellence in leading emerging technologies as well as other international funding agencies involved in promoting the flow of investment and technology to developing countries.	0
They have been called many names from criminals to terrorists, and I cannot justify their illegal means, but the ideas they fight for are ones that matter to us all. 	1
Indirect assistance to mobilizing finance for development	0
Concern is also voiced that “no significant effort has been made by the Government to strengthen public confidence in the police”; that “the worrisome increase in violent ethnic incidents ... underscores the lack of effective Government action to discourage such crimes”; and that “follow-up by both the police and the courts to incidents of intimidation and harassment is still inadequate”.	0
Every research direction that I tried led to a dead end. 	1
Here's an example where things don't match your schema. 	1
Taking into account the above statistics, as well as historical data on troop deployment, the Advisory Committee is doubtful whether the deployment schedule referred to in paragraph 5 above could be fully implemented.	0
So you see, knowing about the cloud and about saying "Yes, and" made my lab very creative. 	1
13. The Advisory Committee was informed that out of the total estimated requirements of $34.4 million for the reimbursement of contingent-owned equipment from the inception of UNPREDEP (1 January 1996) to 30 June 1999, an amount of $3.0 million has been reimbursed to troop-contributing countries.	0
You see, science seeks knowledge that's objective and rational. 	1
B. Engaging civil and non-governmental organizations	0
So this email inspired me to dive into genealogy, which I always thought was a very staid and proper field, but it turns out it's going through a fascinating revolution, and a controversial one. 	1
H. Informal support group for the Special Representative	0
 And he is my aunt's fifth great-aunt's husband's father's wife's seventh great-nephew, so practically my old brother. 	1
G. Building local capacities for advocacy	0
And I do think it is important, and I'll give you five reasons why, really quickly. 	1
His role is to be a public advocate and a voice for prevention, protection and rehabilitation.	0
And then they tell me about whatever it is they think is going wrong with the English language. 	1
Those are the questions I want to talk about today. 	1
Protocol I stipulates that children shall be the object of special respect and shall be protected against any form of assault during conflict.	0
In September 1998, he addressed the thirteenth session of the UNHCR Standing Committee during its review of UNHCR follow-up activities to the Machel report.	0
They include academicians, journalists, creative writers. 	1
During his term, the Special Representative seeks to visit a number of affected countries in order to assess first-hand the situation of children, obtain commitments for child protection from parties to conflict and heighten public awareness of their desperate plight.	0
What I'm saying is, we should be less quick to decide that that change is terrible, we should be less quick to impose our likes and dislikes about words on other people, and we should be entirely reluctant to think that the English language is in trouble. 	1
45. The Special Representative has been exploring ways to promote the protection and welfare of children affected by the ongoing war in Afghanistan.	0
So how does a word get into a dictionary? 	1
(d) Revitalizing primary health care, particularly through the revival of rural clinics.	0
Realizing that small choices can also be hard may make big hard choices seem less intractable. 	1
Throughout the visit, the Special Representative emphasized the humanitarian character of his mandate and his preoccupation with the fate of all children affected by conflict, regardless of their ethnic or religious affiliations or the source of their victimization.	0
And I sometimes think that so much of our life takes place inside our heads, in memory or imagination or interpretation or speculation, that if I really want to change my life I might best begin by changing my mind. 	1
85. When the Special Representative made the initial request to visit Kosovo, the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia expressed strong reservations about the proposed visit, taking the position that there was no “armed conflict” in Kosovo – only acts of terrorism perpetrated by Kosovo Albanians, and that in any case this was purely an internal affair of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	0
Sociologists have actually found that in recent years Americans are working fewer hours than 50 years ago, but we feel as if we're working more. 	1
87. In Pristina, the Special Representative held discussions with key Kosovo Albanian political leaders, including the Chairman of the Democratic League of Kosovo, Professor Ibrahim Rugova; and the Head of the Kosovo Albanian Negotiation Team, Mr. Fehmi Agani.	0
In other words, precisely those beings who have created the technologies that override so many of the limits of old, are the ones wisest about the need for limits, even when it comes to technology. 	1
One evening I was coming back from the office, it was after midnight, I was in a taxi driving through Times Square, and I suddenly realized that I was racing around so much I could never catch up with my life. 	1
One of the most contentious political issues in Kosovo today is the non-participation of Kosovo Albanians in the state educational system at the secondary and university levels.	0
I was once fortunate enough to drive into the high, dark mountains behind Los Angeles, where the great poet and singer and international heartthrob Leonard Cohen was living and working for many years as a full-time monk in the Mount Baldy Zen Center. 	1
Thus far, there is no evidence of the systematic use of children as combatants in the fighting in Kosovo.	0
And I think many of us have the sensation, I certainly do, that we're standing about two inches away from a huge screen, and it's noisy and it's crowded and it's changing with every second, and that screen is our lives. 	1
100. Monitoring the impact of sanctions on children.	0
You see, while the Industrial Revolution did a great deal to improve humanity, it eradicated the very skill that my grandfather loved, and it atrophied craftsmanship as we know it. 	1
He has been working to build strong partnerships with several regional and subregional organizations, including the Association of South-East Asian Nations, the Council of Europe, the European Union, the League of Arab States, OAU, the Organization of American States (OAS), the Organization of the Islamic Conference, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).	0
G.E. is using 3D printing to make the next generation LEAP engine that will save fuel to the tune of about 15 percent and cost for an airline of about 14 million dollars. 	1
111. As a follow-up to the commitments made at the London symposium, the Special Representative visited Vienna to meet with the Vice-Chancellor and Minister for Foreign Affairs of Austria who reiterated the strong commitment of Austria, under its European Union Presidency, to develop further the active engagement of the European Union on this agenda.	0
And that gets me to one of the biggest deals about 3D printing. 	1
He has consulted widely with the heads of UNICEF, UNHCR, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, UNDP, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Political Affairs, as well as with senior management committees, in order to develop a framework of institutional and operational collaboration in support of this agenda.	0
Now, these are not my grandfather's shoes. 	1
118. The Special Representative is also a member of the mechanism established by the Department for Disarmament Affairs to coordinate United Nations efforts in controlling the excessive accumulation and proliferation of small arms.	0
124. The central role of the media in forming public opinion and influencing policy is pivotal in building public awareness about the abuse and brutalization of children in the context of armed conflict.	0
And by tracking an infant's gaze, we know that newborns as young as a day old can notice and respond to disruptions in order. 	1
Such neighbourhood initiatives would seek commitments from States and non-state parties to take concrete collective measures to better protect children in their neighbourhoods.	0
And in its future consideration of specific crisis situations, in mandating peacemaking and peacekeeping missions, in the imposition of sanctions regimes, in reviewing standards for the conduct of international personnel, and in the design of peace-building programmes – the rights, protection and welfare of children affected by conflicts will constitute a central and continuing concern.	0
Epidemiological studies of cancer risks associated with both external and internal exposure to ionizing radiation were the subject of an extensive review in the Committee’s 1994 report.	0
Now let's take a look at another piece of the puzzle. 	1
During the last few years, the Committee has paid more attention to the study of cancer risks in various groups with exposure to plutonium in some nuclear facilities and radon in mines and homes.	0
As a rule, both organizations inform each other about relevant arrangements and invite each other to participate in meetings.	0
At the age of 17, I got shot three times standing on the corner of my block in Detroit. 	1
Both organizations participated in the International Chernobyl Project.	0
No one told me that I would live in fear, that I would become paranoid, or that I would react hyper-violently to being shot. 	1
13. The Committee has been operating as an independent scientific board within the framework of the United Nations system.	0
The European Union also encourages the IGAD partner’s forum to continue and reinforce its support to the IGAD peace process as the appropriate framework for the search for a political solution to this conflict, which has lasted more than 15 years.	0
For the first time, I was exposed to the Internet, social media, cars that talk like KITT from "Knight Rider." 	1
4. At the 6th meeting, on 12 October 1998, the representative of the Bahamas, and Vice-Chairman of the Committee, and coordinator of informal consultations, introduced and orally corrected a draft resolution entitled “Analysis of savings resulting from the improved overall cost-effectiveness achieved pursuant to the ninth session of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, including the restructuring of the intergovernmental machinery and the reform of the secretariat, as requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997 and proposals pursuant to General Assembly decision 52/462 of 31 March 1998” (A/C.5/53/L.6).	0
He served 24 years for a crime he didn't commit. 	1
5. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.5/53/L.6 without a vote (see para. 6).	0
He's 45 years old. He's currently enrolled in college. 	1
1. Endorses the proposals of the Secretary-General, on the understanding that the amount to be utilized by the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development should not exceed 5,526,600 United States dollars;	0
Through my experience of being locked up, one of the things I discovered is this: the majority of men and women who are incarcerated are redeemable, and the fact is, 90 percent of the men and women who are incarcerated will at some point return to the community, and we have a role in determining what kind of men and women return to our community. 	1
II. Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999	0
But I got curious, and I decided to go talk to the people in charge of our computer systems and find out what led them to introduce this new policy, and they said that the university had joined a consortium of universities, and one of the requirements of membership was that we had to have stronger passwords that complied with some new requirements, and these requirements were that our passwords had to have a lot of entropy. 	1
7. Integrated Management Information System	0
Maybe we can collect some good password data and actually advance the state of the art here. 	1
(d) Recosting of outstanding statements of programme budget implications and revised estimates (A/C.5/53/49 and A/C.5/53/SR.45)	0
They'll start with AAAAA and move on to AAAAB, and this is going to take a really long time before they get any passwords that people are really likely to actually have. 	1
(c) The situation in Central America: MINUGUA (1 January to 31 December 1999) (A/C.5/53/32 and Corr.1, A/53/674 and A/C.5/53/SR.33)	0
So we need to do more than just say long passwords. 	1
Not surprisingly, they were a little bit reluctant to share them with us, but we were actually able to work out a system with them where they put all of the real passwords for 25,000 CMU students, faculty and staff, into a locked computer in a locked room, not connected to the Internet, and they ran code on it that we wrote to analyze these passwords. 	1
10. At its resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December, the Committee considered the revised estimates of expenditure and income to be recommended for approval by the General Assembly for the biennium 1998–1999, as well as the financing of the appropriations for the year 1999.	0
And so we never actually saw anybody's password. 	1
23. The Committee considered this question at its 37th, 41st, 42nd and resumed 45th meetings, on 30 November and 8, 10 and 18 December.	0
26. The Committee considered this question at its 28th and 43rd meetings, on 16 November and 14 December.	0
So I know a lot of these TED Talks are inspirational and they make you think about nice, happy things, but when you're creating your password, try to think about something else. 	1
31. The Committee considered this question at its resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December.	0
as well as the report of the independent experts A/53/662. on the Integrated Management Information System project and the related report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions, A/53/7/Add.7.	0
If it's a law then it will always be true in all times and all places no matter what the circumstances are. 	1
In fact, it's actually much smaller even than shown here. 	1
(iii) 24,239,481 dollars, being the balance in the surplus account as at 31 December 1997;	0
How can we know what's causing the observed warming? 	1
44. The Fifth Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:	0
The only way you can reproduce the observed temperature measurements is with all of these things put together, including greenhouse gases, and in particular you can see that the increase in greenhouse gases tracks this very dramatic increase in temperature over the last 50 years. 	1
Once again, pursuant to Assembly resolution 51/74, the Secretary-General, on 23 June 1998, addressed communications to Governments and a number of non-governmental organizations requesting their contributions, views and information on the progress made by them in the implementation of the resolution.	0
So we can think of scientific knowledge as a consensus of experts. 	1
(j) Endangered populations have the right to stay in their places of habitual residence or to temporarily seek safety and security elsewhere.	0
What I'd like to suggest, there are a number of habits that we need to move away from. 	1
2. Now as the world gets ready to enter the new millennium, it will be useful for the international community to do humanitarian stock-taking in order to better prepare the future generations for the ordeals that await them.	0
It is recalled in this connection that when proposing the agenda item relating to the new international humanitarian order, the Government of Jordan had emphasized that the “law of peace” needs to be legislated and practised as thoroughly as the “law of war” has been developed, however difficult and complex the process may be.	0
As the last refuge against savagery and against practices which violate the dignity and physical integrity of the individual, the principles and norms established and unanimously recognized at the international level must be immediately and strictly applied as soon as a conflict, whether internal or international, breaks out or humanitarian emergencies arise.	0
2. The following paragraphs summarize the activities of the Independent Bureau since the adoption of the above-mentioned resolution and provide indications regarding its future activities in the context of the overall efforts to promote the new international humanitarian order.	0
The proposed expansion is based on its conviction that local capacity and institution-building in the humanitarian field is the most cost-effective and efficient way to accelerate the process of self-help and socio-economic development.	0
It's root one for meaning in conversation. 	1
Four volumes containing nationality laws and regulations as well as relevant constitutional provisions have already been published.	0
Of course, where this all comes into play most of all is when you've got something really important to do. 	1
13. The Bureau intends to propose similar standard-setting exercises intended to regulate the conduct of States in connection with the growing humanitarian problems relating to forced relocation of populations and mass expulsions.	0
Actually, let me show you how to do that. 	1
9. Improving such predictions and making them more useful continue to pose major challenges to science.	0
We're entering an age where we can stop him with the press of a button from 1,000 miles away, because whether he knew it or not, as soon as he decided to use his cell phone, he stepped into the realm of cyber. 	1
Such efforts as the World Climate Research Programme (WCRP) Climate Variability and Prediction (CLIVAR) study and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) Climate Information and Prediction Services (CLIPS) are undertaken to meet such challenges, in close partnership with meteorological centres operating under the WMO umbrella and others.	0
A well-crafted cyber attack could break into his phone, disable the overvoltage protections on his battery, drastically overload the circuit, cause the battery to overheat, and explode. 	1
11. Experience with past El Niño events shows the importance of dealing with the phenomenon through appropriate development process.	0
It all comes back to those ones and zeros. 	1
(iii) Kenya was particularly hard hit by flooding; many villages were cut off; the main Nairobi-Mombasa road was made impassable, and thousands of people died of malaria and Rift Valley Fever (RVF) spread by mosquitos breeding in flood waters;	0
How could I make such a stupid mistake? 	1
In Ecuador, inflation has increased 2.7 per cent since the onset of the phenomenon, while Brazil saw a rise of 0.49 per cent, Costa Rica 1.59 per cent and Mexico 1.17 per cent in the consumer price index.	0
The biggest question was, what do we want to translate it to? 	1
25. Within the 1997/1998 El Niño episode, a large majority of the countries affected by El Niño-induced natural disasters have been engaged in various forms of prevention, mitigation or preparedness activities.	0
We can instantly see all of the patterns here. 	1
26. Such case studies are also being considered in all relevant regional evaluations of IDNDR, inter alia, in the South Pacific at the Seventh IDNDR Pacific Regional Disaster Management Meeting (Fiji, 23–25 September 1998); in Asia as part of the IDNDR/Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (ESCAP) regional meeting for Asia on the theme “Risk reduction and society in the twenty-first century” (Bangkok, 23–26 February 1999); and in the Americas within a hemispheric IDNDR conference to be organized in Costa Rica in April 1999.	0
So this piece is caused by lower case letters followed by lower case letters inside of that contact list. 	1
In particular, the ESCAP secretariat initiated collaboration on research with various research institutions in the region.	0
In fact, from this perspective, I could tell, this isn't code. 	1
(a) To evaluate how well the internationally coordinated systems for providing current and advance climatological and weather-related information performed during the 1997/1998 El Niño, and to recommend priorities and initiatives to improve the effectiveness of those systems for future El Niño and other climate-related emergencies;	0
Well, for kittens, it means no more hiding in ones and zeros. 	1
Uruguay has always maintained an unshakeable commitment to peace, which it shares with the States that comprise this zone of peace and cooperation, in the search for the most effective ways of strengthening cooperation among the States of the region, especially in the scientific, technological, political and cultural fields.	0
We don't admire countries primarily because they're rich, because they're powerful, because they're successful, because they're modern, because they're technologically advanced. 	1
It was also publicized through the Radio Bulletin Board.	0
I swear that as I get older, my ideas become simpler and more and more childish. 	1
(d) The effects of the El Niño phenomenon in the region;	0
It's not the same thing as good, better and best. 	1
(h) Protection of the environment, the ozone layer, solar cooking and indigenous knowledge;	0
 According to the data here, no country on Earth, per head of population, per dollar of GDP, contributes more to the world that we live in than Ireland. 	1
(f) “Southern Africa shifts food strategies”, a report on cereal production in southern Africa, including South Africa, Namibia and Angola, where the absence of war in recent years has led to better harvests and reduced food aid (vol. 11, No. 4).	0
The Secretary-General has the honour to transmit to members of the General Assembly a brief interim report on the human rights situation in Burundi prepared by Mr. Paulo Sérgio Pinheiro, Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights, pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1998/82 of 24 April 1998 and Economic and Social Council decision 1998/274. A/53/490 Annex	0
My father gave my brother and me small luggages to carry, and we walked out and stood on the driveway waiting for our mother to come out, and when my mother finally came out, she had our baby sister in one arm, a huge duffel bag in the other, and tears were streaming down both her cheeks. 	1
D. Living conditions of women and children	0
9. The Special Rapporteur describes recent developments in the Burundi crisis in section I of the present report, reviews the current situation of human rights, especially the conditions of detention and life of the most vulnerable groups, in section II, and presents his observations and recommendations in section III.	0
And he also told me about young Japanese-Americans during the Second World War. 	1
Abasa, Anadde, Parena and the breakaway Union pour le progrès national (UPRONA) faction of Mr. Mukasi did not send delegates.	0
It was outrageous to be called an enemy when you're volunteering to fight for your country, but that was compounded with the word "non-alien," which is a word that means "citizen" in the negative. 	1
17. During his stay in Burundi, the Special Rapporteur travelled widely in several provinces of the country, especially in Makamba, Cibitoke, Karuzi and Kayanza, situated respectively in the south, north-west and north-east of the country.	0
They climbed all night long on that sheer cliff. 	1
By mid-September 1998, refugees were still arriving, their number already exceeding 6,000.	0
That night, at midnight, a magnitude 9 earthquake hit off of the Pacific coast of Japan. 	1
The Office has increased its presence in those provinces to facilitate its work, which includes carrying out investigations into human rights violations, visits to detention centres and prisons and activities concerning the monitoring and promotion of human rights.	0
We are arguably one of the most successful citizen science projects in the world, and we have created the largest open dataset of radiation measurements. 	1
The destruction, attested by the Special Rapporteur during his visit and attributed to rebel groups, was inflicted despite a military position located less than 200 metres from the new feeding centre.	0
And we all know this. We all know this happened on the Internet. 	1
In consequence, GVC announced the indefinite suspension of its health and nutrition activities in Rural Bujumbura pending an official investigation and security guarantees.	0
It turns out it's happening in other things, too. 	1
It sounds like agile software development, A/B testing and iteration, and what we thought you could only do with software kids in Shenzhen are doing this in hardware. 	1
In Burundi, women represented 50.6 per cent of the registered cases of persons tested as seropositive during surveys in 1995.	0
Luckily, back in June of 1993, our unidentified visitor went away, but other families were so much less lucky, and that was the thought that motivated my research. 	1
An important task that the tribunal could undertake would be to individualize guilt for crimes affecting the whole Burundian community, with a view to determining the individual responsibility of those found guilty of massacres, genocide and genocidal acts.4	0
What I am talking about is the Muslim extreme right, and the fact that its adherents are or purport to be Muslim makes them no less offensive than the extreme right anywhere else. 	1
But what I am saying is that we must challenge these Muslim fundamentalist movements because they threaten human rights across Muslim-majority contexts, and they do this in a range of ways, most obviously with the direct attacks on civilians by the armed groups that carry those out. 	1
He also considers it crucial to ensure that the majority of the population should have unhindered access to the major State institutions such as education, justice and the armed forces.	0
They seek to curtail the freedom of religion of everyone who either practices in a different way or chooses not to practice. 	1
Prisoners must not be subjected to cruel, inhumane or degrading treatment, regardless of their judicial status or the nature of their convictions or sentences.	0
But they didn't know what would happen. 	1
12. The International Trade Law Branch is also preparing for publication the proceedings of the colloquium held in New York on 10 June 1998 as a special commemorative event on the fortieth anniversary of the Convention on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards, concluded at New York on 10 June 1958.	0
International Fisheries Instruments with Index, a publication prepared jointly by the Division and the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) is due later this year.	0
16. Information regarding the United Nations Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court, held at Rome, Italy, from 15 June to 17 July 1998, was posted on the Internet at the site of the International Criminal Court (http://www.un.org/icc/), established by the Department of Public Information in collaboration with the Codification Division.	0
Surprisingly, research shows that sometimes people who deny their illness live longer than those who are rationally choosing the best treatment. 	1
GLIN contains information from more than 40 contributing countries in the Americas, Europe, Africa and Asia, with other countries being added on a continuing basis.	0
Now, we should not forget that choice is always linked to change. 	1
(g) United Nations Treaty Series Cumulative Index.	0
In 2003, the FDA actually came out and said that trocar incisions might be the most dangerous step in minimally invasive surgery. 	1
This document is already capable of being produced by the new database using a desktop format and will keep pace with the production of the United Nations Treaty Series;	0
Staff will have to be reassigned to meet these key needs.	0
It's used to puncture through the ligaments in the spine and deliver anesthesia during childbirth. 	1
But then there's that moment when the drill first punctures through the other side of the wall, and right at that moment the wall can't push back anymore. 	1
But your brain hasn't reacted to that change in force. 	1
3. United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees	0
I'm an artist who's worked for many years with biology, with scientific processes, so living material is not uncommon for me. 	1
It doesn't have a brain, yet it can perform behaviors that we associate with brain function. 	1
It is in this context that the Department assumed coordinating responsibilities for mine action, including the management of the Voluntary Trust Fund.	0
9. The Mine Action Service of the Department of Peace-keeping Operations (hereinafter referred to as the United Nations Mine Action Service), is the operative focal point within the United Nations system for all mine-related activities.	0
The Slime Mould Collective membership is self-selecting. 	1
The Steering Committee on Mine Action supports the coordination of United Nations mine-action initiatives with non-United Nations partners.	0
We invited people to become slime mold for half an hour. 	1
13. Addressing mine action in a complementary and coordinated manner, both at the field and headquarters level, requires that appropriate attention be given to issues of national ownership, sustainability and capacity-building.	0
So a chaotic shuffle ensued as this bunch of strangers tied together with yellow ropes wearing "Being Slime Mold" t-shirts wandered through the museum park. 	1
Protocol II will enter into force as binding international law six months after 20 States have notified the Secretary-General of their consent to be bound to it.	0
In October 1996, the Government of Canada hosted the International Strategy Conference, “Towards a Global Ban on Anti-Personnel Mines”, at Ottawa.	0
A lot of my work draws on the scientific research, so this pays homage to the maze experiment And the slime mold is also my working material. 	1
In many of these countries it is civil society, particularly women, children and those living off the land, which is most vulnerable to the physical and psychological torment of anti-personnel and anti-tank mines, and to unexploded ordnance.	0
Unfortunately, the United Nations suspensions in southern Afghanistan during April/June 1998 and at Kabul during July/August 1998 were a setback.	0
The higher education system failed Patrick, Debbie and Wael, exactly as it is failing millions of potential students, millions that graduate high school, millions that are qualified for higher education, millions that want to study yet cannot access for various reasons. 	1
45. Over the past year, the efforts of the United Nations international staff were, to a large extent, directed towards capacity-building in the management of clearance operations at the headquarters level, together with facilitating the effective execution of clearance operations at the brigade level.	0
Textbooks is also something our students don't need to buy. 	1
46. The deterioration in the political and security situation in the country which occurred towards the end of the reporting period has, however, had a negative effect on the clearance activities of both INAROE and the demining programme, resulting in the suspension of clearance operations in several provinces since mid-July 1998.	0
By using open educational resources and the generosity of professors who are putting their material free and accessible, we don't need to send our students to buy textbooks. 	1
In July 1998, the UNDP assistance programme to the national Mine-Action Programme of Bosnia and Herzegovina formally commenced.	0
The Programme is the technical agency of the Bosnia and Herzegovina Demining Commission.	0
The Government of Denmark provided US$ 870,000 in 1997 for addressing small-scale emergency needs.	0
78. The estimated 5 to 10 million landmines and unexploded ordnance in the three northern governorates of Iraq continue to claim the lives of many people.	0
And it was a bit awkward and uncomfortable and it totally kills the vibe. 	1
The United Nations Office for Project Services deployed international staff to the field in November 1997 and programme implementation has been rapid.	0
It's not about mythology, or mythologizing myself to you. 	1
It conducts a full range of activities, including those of manual clearance, explosive ordnance disposal survey, limited database management and mine-awareness activities.	0
110. The Fund is also in the process of preparing a set of guidelines for mine awareness, in coordination with non-governmental organizations.	0
Other activities directed at children also included videos, radio shows and puppet theatres.	0
It happened because a group of us reminded the middle class that they are the source of growth and prosperity in capitalist economies. 	1
An unconscionable number of women and children, poor villagers and other civilians continue to step on mines as they collect water, go to school or attempt to return home after years of displacement.	0
125. The United Nations consolidated appeal remains an important tool for the mobilization of resources.	0
Let's acknowledge that capitalism beats the alternatives, but also that the more people we include, both as entrepreneurs and as customers, the better it works. 	1
In Mozambique, a mechanical mine-clearance project was undertaken on behalf of the United Nations Mine Action Service and a UNDP project, aimed at supporting the development of the National Demining Commission in Mozambique, was executed.	0
I disagree, and I think that it is equally a tool that humans use to enforce and encode our social and moral preferences and prejudices which is why plutocrats like me have always needed to find persuasive stories to tell everyone else about why our relative positions are morally righteous and good for everyone: like, we are indispensable, the job creators, and you are not; like, tax cuts for us create growth, 	1
More specifically, between June and July 1998, FAO fielded a mission to assist the Government of Bosnia and Herzegovina in the selection and prioritization of agricultural land for clearance.	0
Statisticians, we call that being within the 95 percent confidence interval. 	1
It has been given a mandate by the international community to aid the wounded and sick and to take action on behalf of the civilian population affected by armed conflict.	0
Where are we here with this miscarriage thing? 	1
And then he looks at me and looks at Donald, and he goes, about one in 1,000. 	1
147. Direct assistance to victims is also a fundamental element of the field operations of ICRC.	0
You'll see that the temperature is not random. 	1
With national campaigns in Colombia, South Africa and the Philippines, the working group is a clear example of the increased involvement of non-governmental organizations in the developing world in the movement.	0
And so your body heats up in anticipation of housing this new little fertilized egg. 	1
177. A national survey is required in order to measure the impact of the mine problem throughout a country, and the determination of priorities as a result of this process will allow activities and resources to be focused on the areas of greatest need.	0
I challenge you to take ownership of your data. 	1
The data collected during the survey can also be used to assist with ongoing resource mobilization requirements.	0
200. In 1998, the Department of Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat published a study, entitled “The development of indigenous mine-action capacities”.	0
Interacting changes the way you behave, both for the officer and the inmate. 	1
For example, it was recommended that programme managers in the field should have maximum delegated authority and that United Nations administrative rules should reflect this.	0
Now, many things work against system change: politics and politicians, bills and laws, courts and lawsuits, internal politics. 	1
Because anti-personnel mines are so inexpensive, they are easily procured and because they are so undetectable, they are indiscriminately deployed.	0
This initiative has led to many projects that have had huge system-wide impact, not just in our system, but in other state systems as well, small experiments making a big difference to science, to the community. 	1
We can't wait 10 to 20 years to find out if this is worth doing. 	1
5. Mine action refers to all activities geared towards addressing the problems faced by populations as a result of landmine contamination.	0
I will not let silence wrap itself around my indecision. 	1
25. When required, transitional arrangements for the provision of United Nations support to the ongoing development of a sustainable national/local capacity in mine action should be identified and clearly defined at the earliest stage in order to ensure a smooth transfer of responsibilities.	0
There are some millennials, for instance, who think the whole business is just sordid. 	1
31. The Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs of the United Nations Secretariat is responsible for sharing all relevant information with the Mine Action Service and other partners regarding the humanitarian implications of landmines.	0
Think about a problem in the common life of your city. 	1
When applicable, UNDP will have primary responsibility for the development of integrated, sustainable national/local mine-action programmes in situations in which the problem of landmines is not only a humanitarian emergency.	0
And so the citizen activists in Boulder who have been pushing this now literally have to fight the power in order to fight for power. 	1
In this context, it shares with UNDP a perspective which views mine pollution as a development problem with long-term consequences and, necessarily, with long-term solutions which extend far beyond initial humanitarian concerns.	0
Indeed, power in our time is flowing ever faster to the city. 	1
Experienced humanitarian mine-action non-governmental organizations have the capacity to effectively transfer skills related to mine-awareness education, mine survey and marking, mine clearance, data collection, analysis and programme management.	0
And our task now is to accelerate this work. 	1
42. The International Committee of the Red Cross acts to help all victims of war and internal violence and endeavours to ensure implementation of humanitarian rules restricting armed violence.	0
And what I'd like to do is to invite all of you to help create this curriculum with the stories and the experiences and the challenges that each of you lives and faces, to create something powerfully collective. 	1
43. The Mine Action Service will ensure that the mine issue is addressed appropriately, in the context of existing coordination mechanisms.	0
d Various guidelines and policy documents have been developed by the community of non-governmental organizations on the landmine issue.	0
(b) The normal standard of accommodation is not available and, owing to the exigencies of the service, the traveller is required to travel on a particular date.	0
Let's use the energy from the 25th anniversary to crowdsource a Magna Carta to the web.  Thank you. And do me a favor, will you? 	1
As regards practical arrangements, efforts first are made to obtain upgrades to first class against payment of the full business-class fare.	0
My lunch lady had grandkids, and therefore kids, and therefore left school at the end of the day? 	1
These 55 exceptions amount to 0.16 per cent of the total of about 35,000 official journeys completed for the United Nations Secretariat and United Nations funds and programmes during the reporting period.	0
Because the lunch lady has not been treated very kindly in popular culture over time. 	1
11. While continuous administrative oversight kept the number of exceptions at a minimum, it should be noted that in certain cases they are unavoidable.	0
And two years after this photo was taken, she passed away, and I attended her wake, and nothing could have prepared me for what I saw there, because next to her casket was this painting, and her husband told me it meant so much to her that I had acknowledged her hard work, I had validated what she did. 	1
3. Participant, Workshop by Convention to Combat Desertification	0
Survivors are occasionally called to try to identify these items physically, but physical browsing is extremely difficult, an ineffective and painful process. 	1
I like to move beyond raising awareness. 	1
a The points of ellipses in a given itinerary indicate that some legs of the itinerary were by regular standard of accommodation and no exception was involved.	0
One of the biggest casualties of the situation was the Fez River, which bisects the medina in its middle and has been considered for many centuries as the city's very soul. 	1
Workshop on Values and Governance in Asia	0
We were actually very lucky, and many of those goals happened or are in the process of happening. 	1
This is me, age five, in front of that hospital. 	1
Exceptions authorized for cases involving arduous journey, 1 July 1997–30 June 1998	0
True, although Eritrea’s boundaries were clearly defined by internationally recognized colonial treaties which are confirmed by the United Nations, delimitation was not followed by full demarcation.	0
They couldn't take on this kind of risk. 	1
If Ethiopia were to persist in the pursuit of this most dangerous policy of claiming land in undemarcated border areas, then it becomes eminently clear that it is determined to usher in a new era of conflict and instability in the Horn of Africa.	0
So we convinced our insurance partners, and later that April, these farmers replanted. 	1
Today, it is Eritrea; whose turn will it be tomorrow since only the Ethiopia-Kenyan border is demarcated?	0
Key recommendations made by the Board are:	0
(a) There continue to be shortcomings in the completion of receipt and inspection reports to confirm that goods have been received in satisfactory condition;	0
(e) The international consultant evaluation form should be revised to encourage a more rigorous evaluation of the final output against measurable objectives and targets in the terms of reference; and that field offices be reminded to complete evaluations of special service agreement assignment (para. 50);	0
It made them braver, less skittish, and more likely to explore their environment. 	1
12. The purpose of the operational reserve is to cover shortfalls in income and uneven cashflows; professional or contractual liabilities associated with the Office’s services; and personnel contracts financed from the Office’s account.	0
This produced a target level for the reserve for 1997 of $18.5 million (4% of the combined expenditure of $462.9 million on administrative and project budgets in 1996).	0
is that there is actually something to this. 	1
16. The Board was unable to verify the validity of 48 imprest or petty cash accounts with balances totalling $93,344 due to the absence of bank reports or other supporting records.	0
But what's so interesting to me about Lonnie and Gander's relationship is about a few months in, Gander actually developed a fear of heights, probably because he was watching Lonnie so closely. 	1
18. The Office informed the Board of one case of write-off involving a loss of $146,769 incurred when a payment was incorrectly made to a third party.	0
or your pug or your partner, that that shouldn't stop you from empathizing with them. 	1
The Board considered that a short training course would promote an understanding of the need to exercise control and lead to more effective local procurement.	0
For instance, there are some eco-extremists who think that it would be better for the planet, What happens when such people have mastered synthetic biology techniques that will be widespread by 2050? 	1
We must surely try, but these enterprises are so competitive, so globalized, and so driven by commercial pressure, that anything that can be done will be done somewhere, whatever the regulations say. 	1
The authorizing officer’s procurement plan should be submitted to the project manager at least one month prior to the field’s first proposed procurement action.	0
The Board is concerned at the absence of planning documentation from the field offices, and recommends that the United Nations Office for Project Services ensure that procurement plans are drawn up for each project, detailing items to be purchased and indicating a likely timetable for action.	0
But I claim that B is incomparably worse. 	1
The recruitment of national professional project personnel aims to provide the host Government with additional skills to achieve the objectives of UNDP-supported projects in that country.	0
54. The Board recommends that the United Nations Office for Project Services review the use of ex post facto and retroactive agreements with the aim of eliminating the practice.	0
While supportive comments poured in from across the world, as did vicious ones. 	1
In line with the introduction of the new United Nations system, the United Nations Office for Project Services required an annual appraisal to be completed for every member of staff.	0
She said she was stalked, groped, and masturbated at. 	1
It recognizes that 100 per cent compliance is a prerequisite for a performance based reward system as well as effective staff development and training, and it will pursue these initiatives in the near future.	0
The Board suggests that in current and future information technology developments, the Office should align its systems to ensure proper matching of all data inputs; and identify and eliminate points where duplicate keying occurs, with the aim of avoiding the need for manually-maintained back-up records.	0
Well, I'm going to show you some of the tools and the technologies that we're going to develop over the next decade, and how these technologies, together with the smart use of data, may once again transform astronomy by opening up a window into our universe, the window of time. 	1
The Board concluded that the Information Section had taken steps to address what it perceives are the immediate issues for the Office’s information technology systems.	0
Now, if we fade out the supernovae, it's not just brightness that changes. 	1
82. The Board of Auditors wishes to express its appreciation for the cooperation and assistance extended to its staff by the Executive Director and staff of the United Nations Office for Project Services.	0
In the interim, the Office will continue to apply its own Financial Regulations and the UNDP Rules applied mutatis mutandis.	0
So studying the asteroids is like performing forensics, performing forensics on our solar system, but to do this, we need distance, and we get the distance from the motion, and we get the motion because of our access to time. 	1
10. The United Nations Office for Project Services should set realistic objectives in its business plans and consider the costs and benefits of undertaking planned tasks.	0
As required by its Financial Regulations, the Office maintains the following accounts:	0
I have chosen to stay passionate, engaged with an open heart. 	1
The expenditure, plus the support costs and fees charged by the Office, is reported to the funding sources so that they can incorporate such expenditure in their records and financial statements.	0
IA: Well, one of them is that —  One of them is that I place a naked Antonio Banderas on a Mexican tortilla, I slather him with guacamole and salsa, I roll him up, and I eat him.  Thank you. 	1
In any given year, expenditure may exceed an approved project budget for that year by US$ 20,000 or 4 per cent of the year’s budget, whichever is greater, provided overall over-expenditures incurred on the programme for that year do not exceed 2 per cent of the total allocated by UNDP to the Office for the year.	0
Miscellaneous expenditure on financially completed project and reduction of support costs	0
Advances for International Fund for Agricultural Development projects The amount of US$ 2,695,479 shown in statement II represents balances due to Government for funds received in advance for projects funded by IFAD loans and to IFAD itself for funds received related to loan administration and project supervision.	0
And if you don't like taking your epigrams from a philosopher, try a scientist. 	1
And I've no doubt there are five Einsteins in the audience tonight. 	1
Note 18. Contingent financial liabilities	0
So maybe physics can fill this blank, and indeed, since about the late 1960s or around 1970, physicists have purported to give a purely scientific explanation of how a universe like ours could have popped into existence out of sheer nothingness, a quantum fluctuation out of the void. 	1
They can't call a world into existence out of nothingness. 	1
Statement II. Assets, liabilities, reserves and fund balances at 31 December 1997	0
We just see a little tiny part of reality that's described by the laws of quantum field theory, but there are many, many other worlds, parts of reality that are described by vastly different theories that are different from ours in ways we can't imagine, that are inconceivably exotic. 	1
Copies of these financial statements are also being transmitted to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.	0
So I would describe these realities as an infinite, mediocre, incomplete mess, a generic reality, a kind of cosmic junk shot. 	1
1. The Executive Director of the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF) submits herewith the financial report of UNICEF, accompanied by 12 statements and 12 schedules, for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.	0
The financial report provides the financial results of UNICEF activities in 1996 and 1997.	0
So anyway, I think there's some evidence that this really is the reality that we're stuck with. 	1
The Board’s main findings are as follows:	0
And he said, "Oh, even if there was nothing, you still wouldn't be satisfied." 	1
1. The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements of the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), including the greeting card and related operations, for the biennium ended 31 December 1997 in accordance with General Assembly resolution 74 (I) of 7 December 1946.	0
In fact, just as I was writing this talk, I found a Twitter account called @SallyKohnSucks. 	1
2. The audit was conducted primarily to enable the Board to form an opinion as to whether the expenditures recorded in the biennium 1996–1997 had been incurred for the purposes approved by the Executive Board of UNICEF; whether income and expenditures were properly classified and recorded in accordance with the Financial Regulations; and whether the financial statements of UNICEF presented fairly the financial position at 31 December 1997 and the results of the operations for the period then ended.	0
I mean, lies!  But seriously, we all say we hate this crap. 	1
1. Previous recommendations not fully implemented	0
(g) UNICEF should develop, in order to improve the financial performance of its greeting card and related operations, new marketing, advocacy and sales promotional strategies in order to increase the volume of its product sales and also increase its fund raising (para. 82);	0
And second, we've got to stop clicking on the lowest-common-denominator, bottom-feeding linkbait. 	1
UNICEF requires Governments to account for the utilization of advances within six months of receipt by submitting payrolls, invoices, detailed certificates and other documentary evidence to confirm that valid programme expenditure was incurred.	0
13. In its report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995, the Board expressed concern about the long outstanding cash assistance to Governments and the recording of such assistance as programme expenditure at the time funds were advanced to Governments contrary to the definition of programme expenditure in the UNICEF Financial Regulations and the Policy Manual on Accounts.	0
22. The Administration stated that budgetary control measures were in place to monitor closely the income and expenditure on both the programme and support budgets.	0
They invented that tradition for their arrival here. 	1
Our father and many of his colleagues exhibited a kind of transmission but not receiving. 	1
In addition, $6.8 million of prior years’ accounts receivable and $3.1 million of obsolete inventory were written off against greeting card and related operations income for the campaign year ended 30 April 1997.	0
But what's more difficult to navigate is the emotional landscape between the generations, and the old adage that with age comes wisdom is not true. 	1
Also, a more viable country programme mid-term review process had been planned for 1996–1998 for a number of country programmes to help improve the achievement of desired results.	0
So my father was exhibiting what we in Jamaica called "playing fool to catch wise." 	1
As a result of resource constraint, budget provision for the systems for the 1998–1999 biennium was reduced by 17 per cent to $10 million.	0
In order to reduce cost and our own carbon footprint, we started utilizing local biomass as soil amender and fertilizers. 	1
For example, 16 field offices incurred office expenses ranging between 28 and 76 per cent of gross proceeds above the approved limit of 25 per cent resulting in overexpenditure totalling $1.8 million;	0
Her sons, one of whom had asthma, were no longer as sick as they used to be. 	1
Promotional materials increase cost of cards sold and also have the potential effect of reducing the sales of the greeting card and related operations if not controlled.	0
I'm going to make sure that fewer people need to end up at the waterfall's edge. 	1
A report on this will be prepared in the third quarter of 1998 for submission to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
We're seeing nearly a tripling of that confidence in our work. 	1
By its decision 1987/13 (E/ICEF/1987/11), taken at its 1987 regular session, the Executive Board adopted the UNICEF Financial Regulations and Rules in accordance with Economic and Social Council decision 1986/1981 of 23 July 1986, as approved by the General Assembly in its decision 41/461 of 11 December 1986.	0
So have we finally nailed the case that this region is necessary for face recognition? 	1
(a) Effective 1997, the reporting period and accounts of the greeting card and related operations will be maintained on a calendar year basis.	0
 Neurologist: Okay, just look at my face and tell me what happens when I do this. 	1
30. Donations-in-kind valued by donors and accepted by the Executive Director at $51,641,000 were delivered by UNICEF to projects during the biennium 1996–1997.	0
Imagine taking the skull off and looking at the surface of the brain like that. 	1
The aggregate of money maintained in UNICEF bank accounts, as reflected in UNICEF books of account, to sustain operational requirements.	0
Contributions to UNICEF that are offered and accepted without reference to a scale of assessment determined by any United Nations legislative body.	0
Now, the site itself is located at the very heart of the Lower East Side, and today it still remains one of the most crowded neighborhoods in the city. 	1
Obligations may be maintained either for that period or until liquidated or cancelled.	0
The Amazon is the "lung of the world," because of its massive power to have vital gases exchanged between the forest and the atmosphere. 	1
Programme recommendations are often prepared in excess of the input available from general resources.	0
II. Report of the Board of Auditors Summary A. Introduction	0
There are 600 billion trees in the Amazon forest, 600 billion geysers. 	1
The prior period adjustment of $78,582 reduced the excess to $133,250.	0
What takes -- How does water get to irrigate the tissues of nature and bring everything back through rivers? 	1
The Board found the procurement procedures were in accordance with United Nations financial rules;	0
The desert is trapped in this condition. It will always be dry. 	1
It was planned that the Appointment and Promotion Board would consider proposals for promotion from the General Service to the Professional category without the need for the examination.	0
The Board recommends that clarification be sought from the Office of Legal Affairs before implementation.	0
For Russian society, I'm an old maid and hopeless to ever get married. 	1
In particular the Board welcomes the guidelines produced by UNITAR requiring three vendor proposals prior to the selection of supplier.	0
40. The Board noted that the Purchase and Transportation Section of the United Nations Office at Geneva is currently considering new procurement practices to provide more flexibility for small purchases below an agreed threshold and a volume purchase agreement to supply all other such purchases on the basis of a monthly invoice.	0
Did it more than double, did it remain about the same in the world as a whole, or did it decrease to less than half? 	1
For all future programmes involving pilot phases, UNITAR will try to demonstrate that the pilot approach contributed to the success of the programme, by underlining (a) modified “objectives”, “actions”, “budget”, etc., in subsequent programme phase proposals; and (b) “outputs” and “impacts” as indicated in internal and external reports and reviews of subsequent programme phases.	0
“Unité d’appui au programme OSS/UNITAR” (Systèms d’informations intégrées sur l’environnement) (World Resources institute contribution)	0
It's Hudiksvall. It's a city in northern Sweden. 	1
International Court of Justice/UNITAR seminar	0
An excellent journalist knows how to pick the story that will make headlines, and people will read it because it's sensational. 	1
Training workshop in multilateral economic negotiations for senior civil servants in Viet Nam	0
It was supposed to be our strength, wasn't it? 	1
So by measuring it we can understand what is the pattern of ignorance. 	1
The Institute is supported by voluntary contributions from governments, intergovernmental organizations, foundations and other non-governmental sources.	0
Well, we turn it into a knowledge certificate, a global knowledge certificate, which you can use, if you're a large organization, a school, a university, or maybe a news agency, to certify yourself as globally knowledgeable. 	1
The General Assembly has taken note of these standards in its resolution 48/216 C of 23 December 1993.	0
The policies should normally be disclosed in one place;	0
Each fund is maintained as a distinct financial and accounting entity, with a separate self-balancing double-entry group of accounts.	0
Our friendly staff is ready to help you. 	1
The years shown in parentheses (starting from the biennium 1990-1991) are those in which the recommendations were made by the Board:	0
Its last big moment was probably in the 1960s with novelists like John Barth and William Gaddis, but it's been around. 	1
And we realized, it's basically about light, it's about sun, it's about nature, it's about fractalization. 	1
2. A policy statement on the subject of UNEP policy on non-governmental organizations and other major groups was issued on 30 October 1996 following a consultation process with selected non-governmental organizations and with the Executive Committee of UNEP.	0
But it was changed. It was changed by a decision. 	1
16. Efforts should be continued to ensure that all executing agencies provide audited expenditure statements and audit certificates in respect of monies released from the Environment Fund soon after the financial period is over.	0
But we're already seeing that we can do so much about that. 	1
17. The UNEP manual on project design, approval and evaluation sets out the conditions relating to the submission of audit certificates.	0
We can recognize the problem, but we can also understand how to tackle it. 	1
I don't have to list all those things to an audience like this, but you can see the electric cars, you can see the batteries using new materials. 	1
The information which is regularly reported, includes details of the purpose of consultancies awarded, length of consultancies, geographical distribution of consultants, amount paid by the United Nations and evaluation of completed consultancies.	0
Big data is important, and big data is new, and when you think about it, the only way this planet is going to deal with its global challenges — to feed people, supply them with medical care, supply them with energy, electricity, and to make sure they're not burnt to a crisp because of global warming — is because of the effective use of data. 	1
You know that somewhere, probably in a telecommunications carrier's database, there is a spreadsheet or at least a database entry that records your information of where you've been at all times. 	1
As stated in rule 209.2 of the Financial Rules of the Fund, the purpose of the financial reserve is to guarantee the financial liquidity and integrity of the Fund, to compensate for uneven cash flows and to meet such other similar requirements as may be decided upon by the Governing Council.	0
You figure it out that that is a traffic light, that that traffic light is red and not green, that that means that you need to stop and not go forward." 	1
(i) Project expenditures with respect to UNEP projects undertaken by cooperating agencies and supporting organizations are recorded in the UNEP accounts on the basis of actual expenditure of funds reported by them to UNEP.	0
We may have algorithms that are likely to predict what we are about to do, and we may be held accountable before we've actually acted. 	1
(i) Refunds of expenditure charged to prior financial periods;	0
When I turned 19, I started my career as the first female photojournalist in the Gaza Strip, Palestine. 	1
UNEP technical cooperation trust funds (statement V.1)	0
There is a little-known documented medical term called impending doom. 	1
In accordance with financial rule 110.14, and after a full investigation, the write-off of three uncollectable receivables amounting to $86,134 was approved by the Deputy Executive Director, under the authority of the Executive Director during the 1996–1997 biennium.	0
As the fire department worked to remove her from the car, I climbed in to begin to render care. 	1
She had felt she had not left her mark on this Earth. 	1
Statement III Cash flow for the biennium ended 31 December 1997	0
We have to look at the whole sanitation chain. 	1
We tested it in South Africa, and it works. 	1
They come from 100 ethnic groups, speak 50 different languages. 	1
The subjects are familiar — basic and clinical sciences — but there are major differences. 	1
In another case, the Division had agreed to pay one company $33,260 to produce a publication.	0
Yet the Haitian story also illustrates some of the bigger problems faced in many countries. 	1
Well, Tonya is a great example of one of these women. 	1
and yet I've been passed over twice for advancement opportunities, even when my manager knows that I'm committed to moving up and even interested in an international assignment. 	1
So pay attention to the green box as I move forward. 	1
The review indicated that, apart from the reporting of the value of contributions-in-kind, the presentation of the financial statements is generally consistent with the standards.	0
So think about the three elements of leadership as I summarize for you what they told me. 	1
Which element of leadership does that equate to? 	1
22. In 1991, the Governing Council (now the Executive Board) approved the establishment of a reserve for field accommodation that was to be used to finance the UNFPA share of construction costs of common premises.	0
On average, in the organizations that I've worked with focus three to one on the other two elements of leadership compared to the importance of business, strategic and financial acumen, which is why typical talent and performance systems haven't closed and won't close the gender gap at the top. 	1
UNFPA had erroneously assumed that losses of project equipment need not be reported to the Board.	0
It's important for CEOs to also expect these proportional pools, and if they hear comments like, "Well, she doesn't have enough business experience," ask the question, "What are we going to do about that?" 	1
The first piece that I played through started like this. 	1
So within a couple of minutes, and the piece isn't even finished yet, I experienced two very contrasting characters: beautiful melancholy and sheer energy. 	1
33. The Board noted that the level of outstanding advances and those in excess of three months’ expenditure had increased compared with 1996.	0
Also there is a lot of data that still needs to be collected. 	1
51. In 1996–1997, UNFPA incurred rental costs of $6.9 million for its headquarters, eight country support team offices and 94 field offices, and a further $2.45 million on premises-related costs, such as maintenance, custodial and cleaning services.	0
Now, one important conclusion of my historical research is that modern industrial growth did not change this basic fact as much as one might have expected. 	1
The eight regional country support team offices house 216 staff at 1996–1997 rental cost of $1 million.	0
It expected the relocation, when completed, to facilitate improved management and provide a more rational and cohesive office layout.	0
How likely do you think that it is that they will be implemented? 	1
Most expensive field office accommodation, 1996–1997	0
This is part of what it is intended for. 	1
UNFPA pointed out that premises were not usually built to suit United Nations standards.	0
In the brain, that is especially critical; its intense electrical activity uses up a quarter of the body's entire energy supply, even though the brain accounts for only about two percent of the body's mass. 	1
In line with this, UNFPA has specifically requested that this issue be addressed by the Sub-Group.	0
And last but not least, the language of the system — it's incredibly cryptic. 	1
In one case, involving a total amount of $7,234, vehicles were rented out for personal use, there was misuse of petty cash and the improper purchase of cell phones, software and services.	0
7. UNFPA should determine the role and responsibilities of field staff in relation to national execution and then plan the training and resources required to equip the field offices to fulfil their tasks.	0
And so we took quite a leap of faith, and in August last year, we founded our own political party, El Partido de la Red, or the Net Party, in the city of Buenos Aires. 	1
25. UNFPA should review the running costs of the offices of country support teams and exercise tight control, including establishing performance targets and measures to provide standards against which those offices can compare their costs.	0
Those sums of money are called remittances. 	1
35. The new intercountry programme guidelines use the logical framework approach, already used for country projects, for defining quantitative and qualitative goals and outputs.	0
Migrants send even more money home for special occasions like a surgery or a wedding. And migrants also send money, perhaps far too many times, for unexpected funerals that they cannot attend. 	1
The Division of Personnel requires new consultants to be entered in the roster, which is being redesigned to make it more user-friendly.	0
Many rich nations also have a blanket ban on sending money to specific countries. 	1
The financial statements are the responsibility of the Executive Director.	0
First, relax regulations on small remittances under 1,000 dollars. 	1
Further, in our opinion, the transactions of the Fund, which we have tested as part of our audit, have in all significant respects been in accordance with the Financial Regulations and legislative authority.	0
The development community should set a goal of reducing remittance costs to one percent from the current eight percent. 	1
With regard to the above assurances, the responsibility of UNDP is limited to the services provided by UNDP to UNFPA, as per the management agreement currently in force and its subsequent amendments, and in conformity with UNFPA financial rule 116.2.	0
It is not only Bangladeshi construction workers, it is workers from all over the world. 	1
UNFPA is convinced that meeting these goals will contribute to improving the quality of life and to the universally accepted aim of stabilizing world population.	0
Most of that money is parked in bank deposits that give you zero percent interest rate. 	1
Increasingly, I feel like a global citizen. 	1
In line with this decision, UNFPA is fully paid in advance of the procurement activities for all costs connected with such procurement, including a procurement service fee at the rate established by the Executive Director.	0
They use the Internet not to plot bombing attacks but to read the news or exchange recipes or to plan their kids' Little League games, and those people are doing nothing wrong and therefore have nothing to hide and no reason to fear the government monitoring them. 	1
Following the recommendation of the Administrative Committee on Coordination on the common interorganization accounting standards and harmonized presentation of financial statements, UNFPA has adopted the recommended format for the current biennium.	0
This mindset has found what I think in a 2009 interview with the longtime CEO of Google, Eric Schmidt, who, when asked about all the different ways his company is causing invasions of privacy for hundreds of millions of people around the world, said this: He said, "If you're doing something that you don't want other people to know, maybe you shouldn't be doing it in the first place." 	1
Certain comparative balances and/or certain types of operations have been reclassified in order better to conform to the new financial statements format or to reflect the nature of the operations.	0
They put passwords on their email and their social media accounts, they put locks on their bedroom and bathroom doors, all steps designed to prevent other people from entering what they consider their private realm and knowing what it is that they don't want other people to know. 	1
For the biennium ended 31 December 1997, procurement service fees of $1.5 million (1995: $3 million) were earned and shown as project support costs in schedule 6.	0
What I want you to do when you get home is email me the passwords to all of your email accounts, not just the nice, respectable work one in your name, but all of them, because I want to be able to just troll through what it is you're doing online, read what I want to read and publish whatever I find interesting. 	1
And what he said was that this mindset, this framework discovered by Bentham, was the key means of societal control for modern, Western societies, which no longer need the overt weapons of tyranny — punishing or imprisoning or killing dissidents, or legally compelling loyalty to a particular party — because mass surveillance creates a prison in the mind that is a much more subtle though much more effective means of fostering compliance with social norms 	1
These amounts are not reflected in the financial statements.	0
The Pension Fund is a funded defined benefit plan.	0
He tried not to ever have his personal life subject to examination, and so I think calling him Snowden is a way of just identifying him as this important historical actor rather than trying to personalize him in a way that might distract attention from the substance. 	1
As somebody who finds mass surveillance odious for all the reasons I just talked about and a lot more, I mean, I look at this as work that will never end until governments around the world are no longer able to subject entire populations to monitoring and surveillance unless they convince some court or some entity that the person they've targeted has actually done something wrong. 	1
Statement II Foundation: statement of assets, liabilities, reserves and fund balance at 31 December 1997	0
And that becomes very clear when we look into three aspects of city life: first, our citizens' willingness to engage with democratic institutions; second, our cities' ability to really include all of their residents; and lastly, our own ability to live fulfilling and happy lives. 	1
Unfortunately for us, when it comes to fostering democratic processes, our city governments have not used technology to its full potential. 	1
The audit was conducted in conformity with article XII of the Financial Regulations of the United Nations and the annex thereto and the common auditing standards of the Panel of External Auditors of the United Nations, the specialized agencies and the International Atomic Energy Agency.	0
It was open to the public at the end of last month, and Jovita was there giving interviews and being very fancy. 	1
Many women in India will tell you they learned all about hygiene, diseases, from this bar of soap from Lifebuoy brand. 	1
23. The Administration stated that for some reason Member States had not provided voluntary contributions as expected and that the Foundation had realized the decreasing trend and lowered the income estimates for 1998–1999.	0
And actually, they know how to transform science and facts into compelling messages. 	1
And most importantly, win for the most vulnerable. 	1
Of 422 projects that were ongoing or closed at April 1998, there were time overruns in 241 projects.	0
They recommended that she do some therapy, but after a while she wasn't feeling better, so the doctors decided to do further tests. 	1
Of 154 projects that were operationally closed during the biennium there was a timelag in financial closure of over one year in 137 cases, of which the time lag was three years or more in 61 cases.	0
And that is the way cancer diagnosis has been done We have 21st-century medical treatments and drugs to treat cancer, but we still have 20th-century procedures and processes for diagnosis, if any. 	1
All three contracts were awarded without invitation to bid.	0
This entire platform is a working prototype. 	1
Also, the periods of the second and third contracts overlapped those of the first.	0
It uses state-of-the-art molecular biology, a low-cost, 3D-printed device, and data science to try to tackle one of humanity's toughest challenges. 	1
The process of cost estimation of inputs and the allocation of resources to different components within a project should be subjected to closer scrutiny at the project appraisal stage.	0
21. The Board takes note of the measures taken.	0
And yet, look at what they fled: utter destruction, buildings, industries, schools, roads, homes. 	1
 I spoke to him on Skype the other day, and he was in his new university in Florida pursuing his Ph.D. in public health, and he proudly told me how he was able to raise enough funds from the American public to establish a health clinic back in his village So I want to take you back to Hany. 	1
Accounts maintained in other currencies are translated into United States dollars at the time of transaction at rates of exchange established by the Controller of the United Nations.	0
Leave them abandoned, and they risk exploitation and abuse, and leave them unskilled and uneducated, and delay by years the return to peace and prosperity in their countries. 	1
Acquisitions are charged against the appropriate budget accounts in the year of purchase;	0
I know a man who soars above the city every night. 	1
(a) The following is an analysis of the amount shown in statement VI as deferred charges as at 31 December 1997 (in United States dollars):	0
Due to the United Nations Office at Nairobi (Telecommunications bills) 666 578	0
His room, it became our temple of healing. 	1
Due to other United Nations agencies 21 332	0
His bedside became a site for those seeking advice and spiritual counsel, and through us, my father was able to speak and uplift, letter by letter, blink by blink. 	1
He composed a letter, addressing his synagogue congregation, and ended it with the following lines: "When my nape exploded, I entered another dimension: inchoate, sub-planetary, protozoan. 	1
V. Financial statements for the biennium ended 31 December 1997	0
Instead, he invites me into his space of co-healing to give the very best of myself, and for him to give the very best of himself to me. 	1
Statement III. Cash flow for the biennium ended 31 December 1997	0
Today, my father is no longer locked in. 	1
Orwell feared the truth would be concealed from us, and Huxley feared we would be drowned in a sea of irrelevance. 	1
Comptroller and Auditor General of India and Chairman United Nations Board of Auditors The President of the General Assembly	0
The final one is interesting, because the term "refrigerator mother" was actually the original hypothesis for the cause of autism, and that meant somebody who was cold and unloving. 	1
This was done while maintaining a balanced approach between regional and sectoral activities and adjusting to a decline in income, expenditure and fund balance.	0
Outputs are specific products or services that contribute to the achievement of the objectives of the organization and are identified under the following 10 clusters: coordination, harmonization and liaison; advocacy; resources mobilization; parliamentary services; publications; technical reports and services; advisory services; group training; development of programme and project activities; and backstopping of programme and project activities.	0
But if you become the president of Zimbabwe, and you say, "You know, I really like this job. 	1
Owing to the delay in the recruitment of staff, a number of advisory services could not be delivered as planned.	0
(c) While the Programme had made significant improvements in setting measurable objectives, benchmarks and success criteria for technical cooperation projects, there remained scope for further improvement;	0
This business did so well that within a year, she was employing 15 women and was able to generate enough income that she was able to send herself to school, and through these women fund another 65 children to go to school. 	1
9. The Board’s main recommendations are that the Programme:	0
We cannot transform Africa by ourselves. 	1
I held two assumptions: One, that poor people are poor in part because they're uneducated and don't make good choices; two is that we then need people like me to figure out what they need and get it to them. 	1
We show up at your door with an Android phone. 	1
The Committee’s deliberations, although policy-oriented, were not translated into clear policy statements.	0
What if the logic was, will we do better than cash given directly? 	1
The Programme has not replaced the Committee.	0
Organizations would have to prove that they're doing more good for the poor than the poor can do for themselves. 	1
The Board noted that frameworks were still in draft form for two countries that were a major source in the illicit production of opium.	0
Not too many people paid attention to this research until the last few years when, in this country especially, people are becoming curious about what happens to the brains of football players who bang their heads repeatedly. 	1
More recently, the Programme re-emphasized the need to incorporate achievement indicators in the design of projects.	0
Happily for us, almost everyone who's offered a prize decides to accept. 	1
(b) The Programme’s shift towards multisectoral projects. As part of its move towards a balanced approach to drug-abuse control, the Programme has, over the past three bienniums, shifted its activities towards multisectoral projects, where there has been minimal national execution, perhaps reflecting the scope and complexity of such projects.	0
Dr. Elena Bodnar invented a brassiere that in an emergency can be quickly separated into a pair of protective face masks. 	1
46. The Board considers that, in appropriate projects, the Programme could do more to encourage national execution, for example, by assessing government capacity and willingness to manage the project concerned and by focusing projects on government capacities where they are assessed as weak. Meeting of project objectives	0
∙ In three projects, there were problems in the procurement of equipment, including lack of procurement scheduling and monitoring, the provision of unnecessary or inappropriate equipment, failure to deliver some equipment.	0
We need to build a log cabin, if you will, at the bottom of the sea. 	1
∙ It was not possible to assess the impacts of the project owing to incomplete information in the records that existed.	0
Utilizing expertise to improve the quality and impact of the Programme	0
In 2008, I went to Afghanistan for a justice funded program, and I went there originally on this nine-month program to train Afghan lawyers. 	1
67. It is important that the Programme formally evaluate consultants’ performance once assignments are complete.	0
In that nine months, I went around the country and I talked to hundreds of people that were locked up, and I talked to many businesses that were also operating in Afghanistan. 	1
At one point, she managed to escape from this torture chamber to a neighbor's house, and when she went there, instead of protecting her, they dragged her back to her husband's house, and she was tortured even worse. 	1
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for the audit opinion.	0
When I met first Sahar, thankfully, Women for Afghan Women gave her a safe haven to go to. 	1
For nationally executed programmes/projects, a maximum of 5 per cent is charged for programme support.	0
You hear about, actually, a drone pilot, a hobbyist, was attacked two weeks ago because he was flying near a beach. 	1
Programme support costs retained by the Programme under this arrangement are not charged to programme expenditure since they have been incurred under the biennial support budget.	0
Just yesterday, I was attacked by a guy who claimed that I was filming him. 	1
It just always maintains a certain angle to you, and if I move around with it, it'll actually follow me naturally. 	1
Until 1995, an operating reserve of 15 per cent of annual expenditures (adjusted for programme support costs) was maintained amounting to $9,486,700 (general purpose: $3,446,200 and special purpose: $6,040,500) at 31 December 1995.	0
Now, I can tell you that it's easy a lot, but I think a really good way to prove that is to grab a second one and launch it. 	1
Less: Repatriation grant accruals already provided for (note 15)	0
And then five days later, I received the news that I had breast cancer. 	1
But this is what I heard from a lot of outraged people. 	1
"This means you're going to be wearing the pink ribbon and the pink t-shirt and the headband and the earrings and the bracelet and the panties." 	1
But here's the thing: No one can tell us what our experience means. 	1
Expected results have been included to indicate the desired outcome involving benefits to end-users, to be reached through the delivery of outputs and leading to the fulfilment of the objective.	0
I cofounded Avaaz, which uses the Internet to mobilize people and now has almost 40 million members, and I now run Purpose, which is a home for these kinds of technology-powered movements. 	1
I would argue that there has been a fundamental shift in the balance of power in the world. 	1
You ask any activist how to understand the world, and they'll say, "Look at where the power is, who has it, how it's shifting." 	1
And so, that experience tends to embolden you it tends to make you want more participation across more aspects of your life. 	1
New power values participation, and new power is all about do-it-yourself. 	1
Incorporation into electronic format for Internet dissemination of the following documents:	0
Those markets expect a financial return, and they way you get a financial return is by squeezing and squeezing your users and your drivers for more and more value and giving that value to your investors. 	1
The end-users of the work of this subprogramme are Member States, foreign offices of Governments, entities of the United Nations system and other international agencies.	0
6.25 During the biennium, the following outputs would be delivered:	0
Not only that, years later he was also teaching racquetball. 	1
Trust Fund for the United Nations Commission on International Trade 161.9 219.0 Law Symposia 220.0	0
For example, Brazil -- this beautiful country hosting TEDGlobal has the world's ugliest record. 	1
The commission is a high-level group of global leaders brought together to identify more humane and effective approaches to the issue of drugs. 	1
Contractual services 67.2 42.2 58.5 138.6 100.7 6.0 106.7	0
But before I get you too excited, I don't mean drugs should be a free-for-all. 	1
6.7 The estimated requirements of $363,700 would provide for the continuation of one P-5 post and one General Service post.	0
Governments and civil societies are experimenting with new approaches. 	1
III. List of staff members who have lost their lives since 1 July 1997	0
It's been around for over 50 years, which means that in my lifetime, I have never lived one day of peace in my country. 	1
Personnel of the United Nations system have been repeatedly harassed and threatened by the Taliban Authorities.	0
And we talked to about 60 of them before we felt we fully understood the problem. 	1
As a result of the critical security situation, it became necessary to evacuate all internationally recruited staff from Kivu.	0
and when he heard her on the radio, he said, "What am I doing here? 	1
11. In Eritrea, as a result of the hostilities between Ethiopia and Eritrea, in May 1998 it became necessary to evacuate United Nations dependents and non-essential staff from Asmara.	0
She had the balls to get out. I need to do the same thing." 	1
Finally, as staff were running out of food and water, it was possible to arrange the evacuation with the assistance of a Member State whose military was evacuating its own nationals.	0
And we even went as far as asking ex-commanders of the guerrilla to fly on helicopters with microphones telling the people that used to fight with them, "There is a better life out there," "I'm doing good," "This is not worth it," etc. 	1
A Professional-level field security officer (or chief security officer at peacekeeping missions) may be assigned to assist the designated official.	0
They have been compelled from time to time to exercise that right and have inflicted casualties doing so.	0
While we may not be sure, one thing is certain: we will not want this plant to disappear. 	1
Now, the local people again use the leaves in traditional medicine against respiratory problems. Now, our preliminary labwork on the leaf extract has shown that precisely these leaves contain ingredients that are very close, in terms of structures, chemical structures, to those medicines which are sold in the chemist's shop against asthma. 	1
This may include armed escorts, evacuation assistance, and “over the horizon” back-up.	0
So who knows what humanity will benefit from Now, I come from the developing world where we are forever being challenged with this issue of population explosion. 	1
This unit would, in principle, not undertake any patrolling.	0
There's one from Africa, one from Australia, and six are endemic to the island of Madagascar. 	1
And I know what I'm talking about, coming from Mauritius and missing the dodo. 	1
The purpose of the Fund is to provide resources, to be solicited from Member States, to enhance the safety and security of personnel of the United Nations system, including security and stress management training, provision of stress counselling, provision of short-term security personnel in crisis areas and the development of computer software to enhance security management.	0
And the cosmetic companies are already using it to make regenerating cream. 	1
Due to the difficulty of the question, we decided to include the families in the process of understanding the constraints, and we started a participatory design process, and testing what was available there in the market. 	1
64. ICRC and IFRC fully support the adoption of the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court, in the hope that this Statute will allow the Court to fight efficiently against criminals who mock the international community and whose impunity is an invitation to crime.	0
ICRC and IFRC at the same time encourage States to comply with their existing obligations under international humanitarian law to repress violations of this law and of the convention relating to the crime of genocide.	0
You may also open those windows and get cross-ventilation. We just made those openings of such a scale that they could work as elevated squares, outdoor spaces throughout the entire height of the building. 	1
Discussions have been ongoing regarding the need to develop minimum operational security standards and criteria that could lead to the temporary suspension of United Nations operations because of security constraints.	0
This is just archaic, primitive common sense, and by using common sense, we went from 120 kilowatts per square meter per year, which is the typical energy consumption for cooling a glass tower, to 40 kilowatts per square meter per year. 	1
This alternative was conveniently lobbied by big building companies, because it meant 42 million dollars in contracts, and was also politically preferred, because it required no land expropriation. 	1
74. Information concerning travel restrictions on UNRWA personnel is provided in annex IV.	0
78. It is time for Member States to recognize that humanitarian/human rights/development activities do not substitute for political action.	0
The perpetrators of deliberate attacks on United Nations personnel must be held accountable for their acts in which staff members have lost their lives.	0
But every single year, we have problems of flooding due to rain. 	1
Implementation of the decisions taken by ACC outlined above, as well as the provision of basic security to United Nations staff members, entail additional expenditures that cannot be met from existing resources.	0
(b) Recommends the implementation, within each organization, of the creation of a single budget chapter/line to fund security expenditures of a foreseen nature and to ensure that funds exist for unforeseen security-related expenditures;	0
Where we're from, in Holland, everything is planned. 	1
So we started painting, and the first thing we did was to paint everything blue, and we thought that looked already pretty good. 	1
And we had an opportunity to try that out in a community in the central part of Rio, which is called Santa Marta, and we made a design for this place which looked like this, and then we got people to go along with it because turns out that if your idea is ridiculously big, it's easier to get people to go along with this.  And the people of Santa Marta 	1
got together and in a little over a month they turned that square into this. 	1
Detained at Gikongoro, Rwanda, since 9 January 1995	0
Detained at Gitarama, Rwanda, since 6 June 1996	0
And that disparity struck me as this incredible intellectual and moral puzzle. 	1
Our desire to alter our consciousness may be as fundamental as our desires for food, companionship and sex. 	1
I mean, look, the markets in marijuana, cocaine, heroin and methamphetamine are global commodities markets just like the global markets in alcohol, tobacco, coffee, sugar, and so many other things. 	1
Detained in the West Bank since 4 December 1997	0
Where there is a demand, there will be a supply. 	1
The obstacles to reform lie not just out there in the power of the prison industrial complex or other vested interests that want to keep things the way they are, but within each and every one of us. 	1
Ethan Nadelmann: Chris, the most amazing thing that's happened of late is that I've met a growing number of people who have actually lost a sibling or a child to a drug overdose, and 10 years ago, those people just wanted to say, let's line up all the drug dealers and shoot them and that will solve it. 	1
The field security officer (FSO) is responsible for all physical measures related to crisis readiness and prevention at the duty station, and is directly accountable to the designated official.	0
Then to my new project, the one I'm doing now here in Brazil, named "Híbridos." 	1
As such, they and their families are more likely to be the victims of criminal activity.	0
I think we are recording to regain a certain complexity. 	1
The first of these was a one-week train the trainers course, attended by all UNHCR field staff safety advisers (FSSAs), training them to teach the United Nations system security awareness training package.	0
VM: I think you break it with your body, more than with your knowledge. 	1
In the West Bank, the Agency experienced no significant difficulty in obtaining details about the place of and reasons for detention of staff by the Israeli authorities.	0
If you take drugs that have been introduced since then — linezolid or daptomycin — those are significantly more expensive, so to a world that has been used to paying 10 cents a day for antibiotics, the idea of paying 180 dollars per day seems like a lot. 	1
One staff member detained in the Gaza Strip complained of mistreatment by the Palestinian Authority during detention.	0
Now, there are backstop options, that people are working on. 	1
In September 1997, a new restriction was introduced whereby Palestinians with West Bank or Gaza residency required an additional security clearance to drive a vehicle in Israel.	0
You might think, well, this is just a problem just with antibiotics and with bacteria, but it turns out that we have the exact same identical problem in many other fields as well, with multidrug-resistant tuberculosis, which is a serious problem in India and South Africa. 	1
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations	0
Maybe they'll stop students from asking questions. 	1
19. Staff rule 207.13, Education grant travel, is cancelled in the light of the amendment and simplification of rule 203.8.	0
(l) Claims for the education grant shall be made in accordance with conditions established by the Secretary-General.	0
(g) Where the assignment is for two years or longer, removal costs under rule 107.27 shall normally be paid in the case of service at headquarters duty stations or other duty stations classified in the same category; the non-removal element shall normally be paid in the case of service at all other duty stations.	0
The U.S. economy was plummeting into the Great Depression and policy makers were struggling to respond. 	1
(a) Staff members who are unable to perform their duties by reason of illness or injury, or whose attendance at work is prevented by public health requirements, will be granted sick leave.	0
(ii) The United Nations Medical Director or a medical practitioner designated by the Medical Director;	0
The first is, does everyone have the basic needs for survival: food, water, shelter, safety? 	1
(a) For the purpose of these rules, "excess baggage" shall mean baggage in excess of accompanied baggage carried without extra charge by transportation companies.	0
Unaccompanied shipments for staff appointed or assigned for less than one year	0
Where the appointment or assignment is extended for a total period of one year or longer, the staff member shall be paid expenses for an additional shipment of personal effects and household goods up to the maximum entitlement established in paragraph (i) below.	0
Unaccompanied shipment as advance removal of personal effects and household goods	0
(h) In cases where, for reasons not attributable to the Organization, the staff member has not completed the period of service in respect of which removal costs have been paid, these costs may be adjusted proportionately and recovery made under conditions established by the Secretary-General.	0
about the real quality of life in this part of the country, Imazon and other partners from government, business and civil society can work together to construct a development plan that will help really improve people's lives, while protecting that precious global asset that is the Amazon Rainforest. 	1
(a) Project personnel shall observe the working hours established for the duty station, or established by the senior officer in the field in consultation with representatives of other international organizations in the area.	0
We all know and love TEDx; this is Social Pogress-x. 	1
When an official holiday falls on a non-working day, the preceding or following working day which is closest to the holiday shall be observed as an official holiday.	0
(a) Project personnel who are unable to perform their duties by reason of illness or injury, or whose attendance at work is prevented by public health requirements, will be granted sick leave.	0
Sick leave may be refused if the Secretary-General is satisfied that such leave is not justified, in which case the absence shall be treated as unauthorized in accordance with rule 205.1 (d).	0
 Our goal today is to come to an agreement on a very important proposal. 	1
 This poor guy said, "My daily life until retirement or death, sigh." 	1
(m) When the most economical means of shipment is by surface, the entitlement may be converted to unaccompanied shipment by air under conditions established by the Secretary-General.	0
First of all, the next time you get a meeting invitation that doesn't have a lot of information in it at all, click the tentative button! 	1
a. 100 per cent of the costs of board up to the maximum indicated in column (4); and	0
But if you think about it, what is normal? 	1
My youngest, Andrew, he came down from his home in Charlestown where he was working in Boston, and my son Pete, who had played at Boston College, baseball, had played baseball professionally in Europe, and had now come home and was selling group insurance, he also joined us. 	1
However, in accordance with rule 104.10 (d), where both husband and wife are staff members and the spouse who separates first is entitled to return travel expenses, his or her entitlement shall not cease until after two years after the date of separation of the other spouse.	0
He said, "I just don't feel I'm living up to my potential. 	1
1. The Secretary-General has the duty to inform the members of the General Assembly that the interim report on the situation of human rights in the Sudan will not be submitted to the Assembly at its fifty-third session, as a result of the resignation in March 1998 of Mr. Gáspár Bíró, Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights.	0
So July 4th, 2014, 75th year of Lou Gehrig's inspirational speech comes, and Pete is asked by MLB.com to write an article in the Bleacher Report. 	1
Reaffirming their commitment to the purposes and principles of the United Nations and the Commonwealth of Independent States, as well as the provisions of treaties and agreements governing relations among them,	0
Okay, so the ALS Association, they think by year end, it'll be 160 million dollars. 	1
The Parties shall broaden cooperation with a view to improving the effectiveness and strengthening the role of the United Nations as the universal body for maintaining world peace and security.	0
Furthermore, as indicated in paragraphs 6 and 7 of the report and after an analysis of needs, the reductions in Geneva were carried out to achieve proportionality of posts among languages, and those in Vienna took into account a reduction in the workload of the United Nations Industrial Development Organization as well as the number of vacancies, some of which had existed since 1986.	0
Paragraph 32 of the report indicates that the prototype could be limited to one duty station.	0
So now, for example, think of the rainforest. 	1
In the past, the Committee has cautioned against expensive cost-accounting systems.	0
So now every other piece of technology on the market can only manage a two- dimensional approximation of the extracellular matrix, which means that it doesn't fit in with the tissue itself. 	1
The Advisory Committee was informed, upon enquiry, that a full-price subscription to the optical disk system (ODS) is $2,500 per annum.	0
What's more, violence is moving south, to Latin America and the Caribbean, to parts of Central and Southern Africa, and to bits of the Middle East and Central Asia. 	1
The present report responds to resolution 52/70 B and updates the information previously provided, avoiding, as much as possible, duplication of the material contained in the reports submitted to the Committee.	0
The Department of Public Information has been in the forefront in this context and will continue to strengthen its role in managing and coordinating the United Nations website, especially its public information content.	0
But the youth bulge is something we've got to watch. 	1
The Group reviews such media reports and provides appropriate and timely advice to the Under-Secretary-General for Communications and Public Information.	0
Now, for those of you who are parents of teenage sons, you know what I'm talking about, right? 	1
16. Educational institutions continue to be increasingly important partners for the Department and its channel to the younger generations.	0
36. The Department continues to strengthen links with a growing number of national and international non-governmental organizations.	0
When it came back, I went to see the shaman again. 	1
An observance of World Press Freedom Day, organized by the Department in cooperation with the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the United Nations Correspondents Association, and the World Press Freedom Committee, was held on 4 May 1998.	0
The fact is that these people can sometimes, sometimes, sometimes cure things we cannot. 	1
This is a $4 billion industry based on venom from a Brazilian snake, and the Brazilians did not get a nickel. 	1
It organized media seminars for the Asian and European regions, at New Delhi and Prague, respectively, under the theme “Prospects for Peace”.	0
The biggest anteater in the world lives in the rain forest, tips the scale at 90 pounds. 	1
Likewise, a new section in the latest edition of Basic Facts about the United Nations provides essential information on all United Nations offices, programmes, funds and specialized agencies.	0
Within a year, everybody over 40 was dead. 	1
The United Nations and the Iraq/Kuwait Conflict (Blue Book series), (reprint), book released in Arabic in December 1997	0
Her first memories are of her family fleeing violent riots orchestrated by the ruling political party. 	1
“NGOs and the United Nations Department of Public Information: some questions and answers”, brochure released in June 1997	0
But for Mary, this meeting is different. 	1
1998 JUNIC Directory, released in English in March	0
Mary knows that, but she also knows that the only way to stop them and to protect herself and her community is to expose their intimidation, to make sure they understand somebody is following them, to break the impunity they feel. 	1
The Guatemala Peace Agreements, book released in August	0
We tried to understand how we can help. 	1
Background note on third meeting on cooperation between United Nations and regional organizations, background note released in July	0
The first thing is that we have to engage where violations are happening far from the public eye. 	1
E. Special session of the General Assembly on the world drug problem	0
“UNDCP: facts and figures”, information note released in English in March	0
Or, "Oh cool, did you go there for the marathon?" 	1
“Setting the record straight: some facts about the United Nations”, booklet compiling above-named fact sheets, issued in English in October 1997 and in April	0
Commemoration of International Day of Families, 14 May 1998	0
 But we were genuinely quite hungry, and in quite a bad way. 	1
Ten featurettes on human rights and population, released in English	0
If I'm honest, Antarctica challenged me and humbled me so deeply that I'm not sure I'll ever be able to put it into words. 	1
B. Original output by the Department available only on the Internet	0
The red area, so the potential working-age population in 2030, is already set in stone today, except for much higher migration rates. 	1
Radio bulletins on electronic bulletin board	0
So people, high-skilled people, talents, will be the big thing in the next decade. 	1
Participants in the guided tours at Headquarters (January–July)	0
Action on a global scale, involving multilateral institutions as well as the world’s leading economies was imperative.	0
But occasionally, they do reach into the human medical community, particularly for some speciality consultation, and I was one of the lucky physicians who was invited in to help. 	1
In the current economic environment, the question of policy coherence has thus emerged as a critical one for all participants in the global economy”.	0
And here's what started coming into very clear focus for me. 	1
The Advisory Committee recommends that the matter be maintained under review in the light of the results of future actuarial valuations of the Fund.	0
Oleg, Vasiliy and Maxim were all ordinary men, with ordinary lives from ordinary towns. 	1
The Committee is aware that the market value of the Fund is subject to fluctuation.	0
The reception of the Hotel Ukraine became a makeshift morgue. 	1
26. In paragraphs 236 to 237 of its report, the Pension Board makes recommendations with regard to the level and the title of the post of the Secretary of the Board.	0
And that's the Norwegian media in a nutshell: not much drama. 	1
The Chief Executive Officer shall also serve as Secretary of the Board.	0
The request for the Advisory Committee’s concurrence in accordance with financial regulation 12.12 was dated 24 July 1998 for assignments to be taken up with effect from 1 August 1998.	0
It made it possible for us to take close-up pictures of people 100 kilomteres away, like this one.  People called us and asked, how is this man doing? 	1
7. The Advisory Committee sought information on the workload of the Board of Auditors and its effect on resources.	0
We also could take pictures of people waving at us, people along the route, thousands of them, and they all had a phone in their hand. 	1
15. For each of the organizations audited the Board has commented on the year 2000 issue, particularly on the need to take urgent measures to make existing technology systems year 2000 compliant.	0
Furthermore, it stressed that adequate resources would need to be allocated for this exercise.	0
  Jimmy Kimmel: Even the people on the show are falling asleep, and after all that, the knitters actually failed to break the world record. 	1
The Committee is aware that the period covered by the current audit, namely the biennium 1996–1997, has not been affected fully by the procurement reform measures recently instituted by the Secretary-General within the United Nations.	0
23. In its current audit report the Board identified numerous irregularities regarding procurement of goods and services, both in the United Nations and in the funds and programmes.	0
Thanks to modern technology, the government knows far too much about what happens behind closed doors. 	1
34. The Advisory Committee is of the view that although the Board made only one recommendation regarding the Commission, in paragraph 172 of its report, the comments made by the Board in other paragraphs warrant the full attention of the Commission.	0
We have the Baltimore Orioles, the Baltimore Ravens football team, Michael Phelps, the Olympian. 	1
Future recourse to gratis personnel would therefore be covered by the provisions contained in General Assembly resolution 51/243 of 15 September 1997.	0
45. Although some progress has been made to improve the management of letters of assist, as indicated in paragraph 68 of the report of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee notes that many of the other deficiencies previously identified still persist (see paras. 68–87).	0
A long time passed by, and I simply couldn't figure out the beginning or the middle or the end of my story. 	1
48. The Advisory Committee exchanged views with the Audit Operations Committee on the new relationship between the United Nations and the World Trade Organization with respect to ITC and any possible implications for the audit process.	0
Brahui, or Brohi, means mountain dweller, and it is also my language. 	1
The Committee was informed that the Office was considering the introduction of changes that would meet the concerns of the Board.	0
The policies of a country do not necessarily always affect the tribal and rural communities. 	1
The Advisory Committee agrees with the Board that the reasons given by the administration for the increase are unacceptable (para. 60).	0
We are going to use strategy, and we are going to go back and apologize. 	1
The Executive Director is also requested to report on what action she has taken to ensure that those responsible are accountable for the practices revealed in the Board’s report.	0
It took a lot of convincing and discussions with these communities until they agreed that we are going to promote their language by making a booklet of their stories, fables and old tales in the tribe, and we would promote their music by making a CD of the songs from the tribe, and some drumbeating. 	1
In particular, the Committee recommends that the Centre consider using appropriate computer software to support its programme operations, taking advantage of the experience of other United Nations agencies.	0
99. The Advisory Committee has no special comments to make with regard to the audits of UNU, UNRWA, UNDCP or the United Nations Office for Project Services, nor on the management review of the secretariat of the International Civil Service Commission (A/52/811).	0
But the question arises then of what is it about people up here who are so much more popular than people down here, even though they have the same score of attractiveness? 	1
Usable cash for peacekeeping is declining steadily and is expected to end the year at $775 million, which would be the lowest level in five years.	0
Because the people who fancy you are just going to fancy you anyway, and the unimportant losers who don't, well, they only play up to your advantage. 	1
This increase of $91 million reflects an increase of $34 million for regular budget assessments, $55 million for peacekeeping assessments and $2 million for the tribunals.	0
This percentage is down from 88 per cent and 87 per cent for 1997 and 1996, respectively.	0
Accordingly, it is estimated that usable cash for the regular budget at the end of the year will be in a deficit position of $247 million.	0
But what Gottman and his team found was that one of the most important predictors for whether or not a couple is going to get divorced was how positive or negative each partner was being in the conversation. 	1
23. It is estimated that at the end of the year, the United Nations will owe $864 million to troop- and equipment-contributing countries, compared with $884 million at the end of 1997 and $838 million at the end of 1996.	0
1 ICCD/COP(1)/11/Add.1, decision 5/COP.1.	0
The Commission has authorized access by the designated representatives of the Palestine Liberation Organization to its land records in the United Nations archives for the purpose of making a scanned image of those records.	0
And they've done so poorly for so long that many people think it's inevitable. 	1
But they have the worst of all superpowers: invisibility. 	1
And my job as a lexicographer is to try to put all the words possible into the dictionary. 	1
My job is not to decide what a word is; that is your job. 	1
Everybody who speaks English decides together what's a word and what's not a word. 	1
We also take words for cool things like "ninja," right? 	1
Representative of Turkey to the United Nations	0
Okay, who here knew that "friend" hasn't always been a verb? 	1
The Greek Cypriot administration in South Cyprus has no jurisdiction or right of say over flights within the national airspace of the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus.	0
Administrative arrangements for the International Trade Centre UNCTAD/WTO	0
So here you see the pulse and heart rate we extracted from a neonatal baby from a video we took with a regular DSLR camera, and the heart rate measurement we get is as accurate as the one you'd get with a standard monitor in a hospital. 	1
(j) Notes by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the investigation into the alleged conflict of interest within the United Nations Centre for Human Settlements (Habitat) (A/52/339) and the comments of the Joint Inspection Unit thereon (A/52/339/Add.1);	0
And it turns out, there's a lot of phenomena we can reveal and magnify with our new motion microscope. 	1
12. At its resumed 45th meeting, on 18 December, the Committee had before it a draft decision entitled “Impact of the implementation of pilot projects on budgetary practices and procedures” (A/C.5/53/L.31), submitted by the Chairman following informal consultations.	0
13. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft decision A/C.5/53/L.31 without a vote (see para. 19, draft decision IV).	0
This tool not only allows us to look at the world in a new way, it also redefines what we can do and pushes the limits of what we can do with our cameras. 	1
13. Recognizes the international, multilateral character of the Organization and emphasizes that quantitative expected results should not be the sole basis for justification of resource requirements;	0
Voice: Mary had a little lamb whose fleece was white as snow, and everywhere that Mary went, that lamb was sure to go. 	1
(a) A preliminary estimate of resources to accommodate the proposed programme of activities during the biennium;	0
7. Decides that the anticipated reduction of 19.8 million United States dollars related to compensating economies should not be included in the budget outline for the biennium 2000–2001;	0
that apparently you could walk across their backs from one end of the bay to the other. 	1
and the related recommendations of the Advisory Committee in its report, A/52/7/Add.2, para. 7. that provision should be made in the budget outline for expenditures for special political missions related to peace and security expected to be extended or approved during the course of the biennium;	0
Like them, many species of whales saw their numbers drastically reduced by 200 years of whaling, where they were hunted and killed for their whale meat, oil and whale bone. 	1
19. The Committee also recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:	0
He was beaten up when he refused to confess that he threw stones, and as a result, had internal injuries that caused his death soon after he was released from prison. 	1
Item 133: Financing of the United Nations Observer Mission in Liberia;	0
1. The previous recommendation made by the Fifth Committee to the General Assembly under item 143 (a) appears in the report of the Committee contained in document A/53/522.	0
So I said to them why don't we work with poetry, if they knew what poetry was. 	1
4. The Fifth Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:	0
But what I hadn't considered was that inequality exists in prison, too. 	1
It's said that to be a poet you have to go to hell and back. 	1
And they have plenty of hell. Plenty of hell. 	1
We decided that they were going to write a book. 	1
7. Concerning laws and institutions, legal instruments for the management of the oceans that followed the adoption in 1982 of the United Nations Convention on the Law of the Sea have not resulted in a coherent, responsive framework for ocean governance.	0
Recognizing the contributions as well as the risks inherent in the deployment of technology, the Commission urges that a more systematic effort be made to subject technologies to a prior assessment of their environmental and social impacts.	0
We literally bring the skeleton out of the ground. 	1
1. By paragraph (f) of its decision 51/408 of 4 November 1996, the General Assembly requested the Secretary-General to report to it every two years on all aspects of the use of retired personnel, including possible revision of the ceiling on annual earnings, and providing information concerning retirees recruited on a short-term basis in all categories and at all levels as well as under special service agreements.	0
The other thing we want to understand is who they are. 	1
The first is the case of the military diary. 	1
Databases 5. In its consideration of the report of the Secretary-General submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session (A/C.5/51/2), the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions noted the key role of the Integrated Management Information System (IMIS), biannual submissions by programme managers at overseas duty stations of comprehensive reports on their use of retirees, and close cooperation with the Pension Fund, as mechanisms to make possible better monitoring and control of the employment of retirees.	0
And one of the things that they wrote down is when they executed them. 	1
It is envisaged, however, that all three elements will become available early in 1999, as system enhancements.	0
More than one third of contractual translators who work on a self-revision basis are retirees and some 17 per cent of the total translation workload is processed contractually.	0
But something happened to me on that 70-day journey in 1986 that brought me here, and it hurt. 	1
Here she is, and my mum --  -- my mum is still recycling, and as she is in her 100th year, isn't that fantastic? 	1
ECLAC Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean	0
UNJSPF Secretariat of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and the United Nations Staff Pension Committee	0
It's a big challenge, and what is our response to it? 	1
Table 7 provides detailed information on the use of retirees in 1995 by department or office and by engagement.	0
And among all this biodiversity that they had never seen before, they found one species that caught their attention very quickly. 	1
ESCAP Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific	0
But it's interesting to know that it's quite the opposite. 	1
Conceived some time ago, when globalization was generally viewed with optimism and hope, the dialogue on the social and economic impact of globalization and liberalization acquired a new urgency and importance in view of the current far-reaching economic crisis and its devastating social consequences.	0
Now, there is another relationship of climate and forests that really stuck me in 2008 and made me change my career from forests to working with climate change. 	1
And it became a disease that is really killing billions of trees. 	1
12. Although substantial gains have been attained as a result of globalization and successful development efforts, globalization and technological changes have increased uncertainties and exposure to risks, owing in particular to the contagion effect.	0
The threat of a worldwide deflationary spiral must be countered and the current financial turmoil must not be allowed to turn into global economic recession.	0
For the past seven years, I have met and studied hundreds of entrepreneurs in India, China, Africa and South America, and they keep amazing me. 	1
With financial and labour markets inherently volatile, the need for regulation and supervision is obvious, but the institutions necessary for such oversight are clearly not yet adequate to the challenges of globalization.	0
When external resources are scarce, you have to go within yourself to tap the most abundant resource, human ingenuity, and use that ingenuity to find clever ways to solve problems with limited resources. 	1
A central aspect of this contract should be a common vision of universal growth and development benefiting all countries and all individuals.	0
This is an amazing solution for Kenya, where 70 percent of people live off the grid. 	1
27. Two informal panels were held, one on the economic and the other on the social aspects of globalization.	0
So the conventional business model in the West is more for more. 	1
Globalization phenomena should not be considered only for their impact on physical and financial capital flows, but also on human and natural capital, as well as on national sovereignty and cultural diversity, including at the local and community level.	0
I believe that the only way we can sustain growth and prosperity in the West is if we learn to do more with less. 	1
Capital inflows and technological transfers do not necessarily bring benefits to developing countries in the same proportion as to developed countries, unless they are accompanied by the presence of other factors of the production function.	0
I guess you can call it a low-fat factory. 	1
Rather, it is necessary to tackle the problems at their source.	0
In particular, developing countries must speed up reforms of their domestic institutions;	0
It is necessary not only to introduce an early warning system, but also to ensure transparency of the markets, since changes in one country immediately affect other parts of the world.	0
Second example is Be-Bound, also in Silicon Valley, that enables you to connect to the Internet How do they do that? 	1
Naturally, his listeners could not realize that this is a demand for the right to push all Turkish Cypriot refugees, most of whom have been uprooted from their homes thrice in three decades, out into the sea, since they will not return to the South to suffer the same agony that they had suffered between the years 1963 and 1974.	0
So some philosophers thought we were irredeemably selfish. 	1
I kept on reminding Mr. Clerides that the destruction of the partnership has not destroyed the Turkish Cypriot partner and that we have established our own state.	0
The intercommunal talks, which went on for decades and produced no tangible results, could not be the new process.	0
So now, this idea that if we go deep within, we are irredeemably selfish, this is armchair science. 	1
We are taking precautions against deeds and we are not going to be influenced by mere words.	0
With Tania Singer at the Max Planck Institute of Leipzig, we showed that the brain networks for empathy and loving-kindness are different. 	1
Mr. Clerides declared that he wants all Cypriot children to know their distinct cultural and religious heritage and to be able to carry their identity and political rights into the future without fear of domination from any quarter. As to the assurance of our identity and political rights "without fear of domination from any quarter", I urge Mr. Clerides to accept that a confederate set-up will totally eliminate such fears. So, if his vision is all that he says it is, why insist on a set-up that will give Greek Cypriots a chance to repeat the 1963-1974 events in Cyprus?	0
Now, that's all well done, so we got that from evolution, from maternal care, parental love, but we need to extend that. 	1
Turkish presence in Cyprus should be accepted for what it is: a legal deterrent against the occupiers of the seat of the joint government who are using the title of the "Government of Cyprus" in order to harm the interest, equality and sovereignty of Turkish Cypriots.	0
So do you need 50,000 hours of meditation? No, you don't. 	1
An eight-week program: gratitude, loving- kindness, cooperation, mindful breathing. 	1
3. Notes with concern that the information provided by the Secretary-General fails to demonstrate the extent to which all gratis personnel accepted in the Department of Peacekeeping Operations provide very specialized expertise not available within the Organization, as is required under paragraph 4(a) of General Assembly resolution 51/243;	0
It started four years ago, when a friend and I opened our first Ramadan fast at one of the busiest mosques in New York City. 	1
The media coverage forced local journalists to revisit their Muslim communities, but what was really exciting was seeing people from around the world being inspired to take their own 30-mosque journey. 	1
There were even these two NFL athletes who took a sabbatical from the league to do so. 	1
The Assembly also requested the Secretary-General, in consultation with the Institute, as well as with the United Nations funds and programmes, to explore ways and modalities to utilize systematically the Institute in the execution of training and capacity-building programmes, and to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session on the implementation of the resolution.	0
We focus on the complexities of youth and family discord, but our friends kept on nudging us to comment on drones and target killings to make the film "more relevant," essentially reducing these people who have entrusted us with their stories into sociopolitical symbols. 	1
Further developments in this regard can be found in the report of the Executive Director of UNITAR to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.1	0
So, with emotions running high, and absolutely no experience in butchery, some friends and I opened a meat store in the heart of the East Village fashion district. 	1
9. The actual achievements of UNITAR during and since the restructuring process have been positive and encouraging.	0
But what are the real challenges of engineering these ants? 	1
On instructions from my Government and further to our earlier letters concerning Israel's attacks on southern Lebanon and the Western Bekaa and the arbitrary practices against the civilian inhabitants in which it engages on a daily basis, I have the honour to notify you of the series of such incidents that took place in September 1998.	0
So this guy doesn't work quite yet, but we do have slightly larger versions that do run around. 	1
Between 1345 and 1705 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired four 155-mm artillery shells at Haddatha from their positions at Shaqif al-Naml and Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal.	0
So there's no tethers on this, no wires connecting to this. 	1
Or they could operate without having to cut you open in the first place. 	1
When I read that in The Advocate magazine this year, I realized I could no longer afford to keep silent. 	1
In February, the Kansas House of Representatives brought up a bill for vote that would have essentially allowed businesses to use religious freedom as a reason to deny gays services. 	1
For unknown reasons, the client militia prevented people from Hula, Balda, Aytrun and Mays al-Jabal from leaving for the liberated areas.	0
 When I was looking through my London journal and scrapbook from my London semester abroad 16 years ago, I came across this modified quote from Toni Morrison's book, "Paradise." 	1
Between 1645 and 1725 hours Israeli forces fired 38 155-mm shells at areas along the Litani River from their position at Abu Qamhah.	0
And that kick crowned, basically, 30 years of basic research studying how the brain, how this amazing universe that we have between our ears that is only comparable to universe that we have above our head because it has about 100 billion elements talking to each other through electrical brainstorms, what Juliano accomplished took 30 years to imagine in laboratories and about 15 years to plan. 	1
At 1830 hours the client militia fired three 81-mm mortar shells and directed several bursts of medium-weapons fire at Wadi Bisri from its positions on Anan and Rum hills.	0
However, your brainstorms continue to be generated in your head. 	1
Between 0710 and 0730 hours an Israeli reconnaissance aircraft overflew the Nabatiyah area at high altitude.	0
The black dot is the average of all these brains working in parallel, in real time. 	1
At intervals between 1300 and 1800 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South, the Western Bekaa and the coastal Shuf area at high altitudes and were met by ground-based anti-aircraft fire from units belonging to the Lebanese Army.	0
Between 1135 and 1200 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South at high altitudes.	0
And to get that thing done, you need at least two monkeys to synchronize their brains, but the ideal is three. 	1
I should be grateful if you would have this letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 40, and of the Security Council.	0
And when we look at the reason for poor quality water, you find that it is our abysmal attitude to the disposal of human waste. 	1
In India, it is unfortunately only the women who carry water. 	1
The programme was followed by a United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) community-based rehabilitation programme, aimed at reinforcing local capacities in crisis-affected areas through small-scale projects, representing a global amount of $4 million.	0
This is in a village where most of the people are even illiterate. 	1
This is how an elevated water reservoir is constructed. 	1
21. In October 1997, the Subregional Development Centre for Eastern Africa organized a high-level seminar on women’s advancement and economic and social empowerment in the Eastern and Southern African subregion.	0
Although there is one story about Congo that you may have heard. 	1
25. Since 1997, the FAO Technical Cooperation Programme for rehabilitation, recovery and development in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has amounted to $909,505 and covered five projects.	0
During the past eight years, fighting in the eastern provinces has regularly reignited full-scale civil and international war. 	1
The four projects were ended by UNDP in December 1997.	0
So for instance, in Congo, because of how they are socialized and trained, United Nations officials, donors, diplomats, the staff of most nongovernmental organizations, they interpret continued fighting and massacres as a top-down problem. 	1
Indeed, a number of Congolese human rights activists have been obliged to seek asylum or to live clandestinely, especially since the arrival of the new political authorities, and to a certain extent, the lack of experience and material resources of human rights non-governmental organizations, which hinders the carrying out of their tasks.	0
Local conflicts fuel violence in most war and post-war environments, from Afghanistan to Sudan to Timor-Leste, and in the rare cases where there have been comprehensive, bottom-up peacebuilding initiatives, these attempts have been successful at making peace sustainable. 	1
And again, it's not that national and international tensions don't matter. 	1
The Office will finance some 20 projects, from various human rights non-governmental organizations, which are currently under selection.	0
38. Operational projects including the following:	0
About two months after that first email, there were in the United States 600 ongoing occupations and protests. 	1
Public management, economy and governance	0
They had to get to work, boycott or no, so a massive carpool was organized, again by meeting. 	1
Rehabilitation of medical facilities in the areas affected by the civil war is also under way.	0
But his party won two major elections within a year of the Gezi protests with comfortable margins. 	1
53. The fate of women has not been ignored.	0
They want to stay out of politics because they fear corruption and cooptation. 	1
56. In the environmental sector, UNDP is extending assistance to the Government for the formulation of a local Agenda 21.	0
We need movements to be more effective. 	1
67. The following activities, totalling $12,300, were undertaken:	0
When communities come together with health care workers, work together, that's when this disease can be stopped. 	1
(c) Preparation of the National Conference on Reconstruction;	0
And as many of you know, this virus went undetected, it evaded detection for three or four months when it began. 	1
That's because this is not a disease of West Africa, it's a disease of Central Africa, half a continent away. 	1
(ii) The participation of two government officials in the “Assemblée Internationale des Organismes Familiaux”, held in Brazil in December 1997;	0
By the middle of the year, not just Guinea but now Sierra Leone and Liberia were also infected. 	1
A number of countries came to assist -- many, many NGOs and others, as you know, but at the same time, the opposite happened in many places. 	1
We have to have treatment centers, specialized Ebola treatment centers, where the workers can be protected as they try to provide support to the people who are infected, so that they might survive the disease. 	1
We saw the Red Cross movement working with its partner agencies on the ground there to help train the communities so that they could actually safely bury their dead in a dignified manner themselves. 	1
These activities were concentrated in a hospital that will serve as a model for future experiences.	0
The big question, though, that many people are asking, even when they saw this curve, they said, "Well, hang on a minute -- that's great you can slow it down, but can you actually drive it down to zero?" 	1
87. While the action plan that was prepared could not be implemented as envisaged because of the war situation, some operations did take place: vitamin A was distributed to children aged between 9 and 59 months on special local vaccination days, 2,145,761 children in 47 cities were targeted and the coverage ratio ranged between 50 and 100 per cent.	0
The construction of physical structures is very expensive and their impact on health is limited.	0
There are a lot of people out there who will survive and will thrive, in part because of what you do to help us beat Ebola. 	1
112. With WHO technical assistance, the Ministry of Health has started a programme aimed at reforming the sector.	0
(b) Field missions, with or without partners;	0
And if you said C, it means that you're a kinesthetic learner, that you learn best when you get stuck in and do things with your hands. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)	0
Firstly and most crucially, the lab coat wasn't white, it was in fact grey. 	1
Secondly, the participants were told before the study and reminded any time they raised a concern, that although the shocks were painful, they were not fatal and indeed caused no permanent damage whatsoever. 	1
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Financing of the United Nations Mission for the Referendum in Western Sahara” and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.	0
And thirdly, participants didn't give the shocks just because someone in the coat told them to. 	1
So hoax appealers are more likely to shake their heads, to look away, and to make errors in their speech, whereas genuine appealers are more likely to express hope that the person will return safely and to avoid brutal language. 	1
Taking into account the fact that the economically more developed countries are in a position to make relatively larger contributions and that the economically less developed countries have a relatively limited capacity to contribute towards such an operation,	0
The exercise has three parts and begins with something that we all know how to do, which is how to make toast. 	1
Noting with appreciation that voluntary contributions have been made to the Mission,	0
And most people draw something like this. 	1
And it's the combination of links and nodes that produces a full systems model, and it makes our private mental models visible about how we think something works. 	1
On 25 October, 50 Turkish military aircraft (38 F-16, 8 F-4, 2 CN-235 and 2 KC-135) entered the Nicosia flight information region, violating international air traffic regulations.	0
It allowed painting to not have to have that everyday chore of telling the story, and painting became free and was allowed to tell its own story, and that's when we saw Modernism emerge, and we saw painting go into different branches. 	1
4. Table 1 of the annex presents data on the engagement of consultants and individual contractors by department or office for 1996–1997.	0
The problem with infectious diseases, as we all know, is that pathogens continue to evolve, and a lot of the drugs that we have developed are losing their efficacy. 	1
6. Table 3 presents data on the use of consultants and individual contractors by nationality, again with a breakdown of the number special service agreements, the number of contractees, the number of days worked and total fees.	0
Now, monarchs are extremely famous for their spectacular migrations from the U.S. and Canada down to Mexico every year, where millions of them come together, but it's not why I started studying them. 	1
It shortens their lifespan, it reduces their ability to fly, it can even kill them before they're even adults. 	1
UNJSPF Secretariat of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund and the United Nations Staff Pension Committee	0
What we find is that the monarchs strongly prefer the medicinal milkweed. 	1
I became concerned about my own grandparents and decided to invent a smart bathroom system. 	1
Thankfully, I was able to find out about the Bluetooth low energy technology, which consumes very little power and can be driven by a coin-sized battery. 	1
To that end, the Secretary-General again sought the assistance of the Rector of the United Nations University, who, at his request, made available a highly qualified expert, Mihaly Simai, to assist in the preparation of the study.	0
And thousands of people were left with very significant neurological damage. 	1
I imagine that most, if not all of us here today, received a vaccine at some point in our life. 	1
Now, imagine the complete opposite case. 	1
MEASURES TO ELIMINATE INTERNATIONAL TERRORISM	0
The spread will probably remain contained and a measles outbreak won't happen. 	1
Mr. Ivo Sanader and Mr. Besim Spahic participated in the meeting as observers.	0
There are also people who are allergic to a particular vaccine. 	1
As we approach the end of this century, we stress our common will to open a chapter of peace, understanding, economic welfare, prosperity and cooperation in the history of our region for the benefit of our peoples and of the whole of Europe.	0
All these people depend almost exclusively on herd immunity to be protected against diseases. 	1
We reiterate our full support for further development of this framework through concrete measures and schemes and welcome the decisions taken by the Ministers for Foreign Affairs on institutional aspects to increase efficiency and to streamline various projects, proposals and ideas.	0
Ministerial and expert meetings to conduct consultations on political and security issues and promote cooperation in areas ranging from economic development and environmental questions to the human dimension, cultural exchanges, youth, reforms, combating terrorism and organized crime are all endeavours to respond to challenges to peace, stability and security in our region.	0
Even diseases which were at some point controlled may reappear. 	1
We also discussed the situation in Bosnia and Herzegovina, which is another test case for Europe.	0
One of the main concerns and excuses for not getting vaccinated are the adverse effects. 	1
Our endeavours to promote regional cooperation are in broad congruence with the aspirations of the countries of the region to increase integration with Europe.	0
Why? Because we are sick and we want to heal fast. 	1
In this vein, we welcome the bilateral free-trade agreements which have already been signed or are being negotiated among the countries of the region.	0
People would line up in pharmacies to get a vaccine, without even knowing if it was the right vaccine that would protect them against this new virus. 	1
As part of its conclusions, the Conference recommended that a mechanism, including Government representatives, representatives of the United Nations system and civil society, should be established to follow up on its results.	0
And those who stand in defense tell you, "Even if you don't realize it, friend, math is behind everything." 	1
6. The participants in the follow-up mechanism are representatives from interested countries, in particular those countries involved in organizing the International Conferences of New or Restored Democracies, the United Nations system, academia and non-governmental organizations.	0
 It's true, computers are all about math. 	1
Recent developments in many countries demonstrate that an effective system for protecting human rights, including the rule of law, is an indispensable condition for stopping the vicious cycle of violence and conflict, and thus for ensuring democratic development.	0
The Conference fostered an exchange of experiences and best practices in the field of human rights, and helped to identify needs and strategies for promoting transparency and institution-building.	0
Who doesn't have a truncated octahedron at home?  Even a plastic one. 	1
But if you want to tell them that you'll love them forever and ever, give them a theorem! 	1
A community initiative in the West Bank and Gaza promotes the involvement of children and young people in the development of their communities.	0
What do we teach our children about emotional hygiene? 	1
For instance, in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Centre has just completed a multifaceted programme that addresses all the above aspects.	0
It make us really afraid to reach out, because why set yourself up for rejection and heartache when your heart is already aching more than you can stand? 	1
Good governance therefore depends on public participation as well as on being effective and equitable, and promoting the rule of law and the transparency of institutions.	0
52. Although the World Bank has no democratization programmes as such, it contributes to the strengthening of democratic institutions in new and restored democracies through its contributions to public sector reform, decentralization, legal framework and judicial reform, and through the increased use of participatory mechanisms in the sector-specific projects it finances.	0
But even as we were driving away, you could see by the look on his face he was convinced that I was getting away with something. 	1
67. Habitat organized seminars and workshops in the promotion of good governance and democratization at the local level, capacity-building programmes on local leadership and settlement management training programme.	0
By taking action when you're lonely, by changing your responses to failure, by protecting your self-esteem, by battling negative thinking, you won't just heal your psychological wounds, you will build emotional resilience, you will thrive. 	1
These activities testify to an increasing range of work by the United Nations in the field, as its entities devote greater attention to the process of democratization and the promotion of good governance.	0
One of my first subjects was Umm El-Saad from Egypt. 	1
The memorandum indicated that, as at 19 October 1998, credentials issued by the Head of State or Government or by the Minister for Foreign Affairs, as provided in rule 27 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, had been submitted by the following 127 States: Afghanistan, Two sets of credentials received, see para. 7.	0
Now, as you can imagine, it's quite challenging to live with just a small group of people in a small space for a long time. 	1
5. The Legal Counsel informed the Committee that the Secretary-General’s memorandum related solely to the Member States that had submitted formal credentials of their representatives in accordance with rule 27 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly.	0
There's all kinds of psychological challenges: how to keep a team together in these circumstances; how to deal with the warping of time you start to sense when you're living in these circumstances; sleep problems that arise; etc. 	1
I immediately went to the personnel office, and talking with the guys in personnel, they said, "Hey, no problem finding an apartment in Mountain Home, Idaho. 	1
Nor did I get any responses from the other people that they gave me on the list where I could get apartments. 	1
So far all indications are that the Greek Cypriot side prefers to cling on to its usurped title of the "Government of Cyprus" rather than seeking a partnership settlement with the Turkish Cypriot side.	0
And that would take care of your problem, and that would provide the solution for you." 	1
They were in the parking lot, I went inside. 	1
I can therefore state that the hardest and most hotly contested negotiations are still infinitely preferable to the easiest of military victories.	0
She said, "But if you go down the road about an hour, 45 minutes, there's another trailer park down there." 	1
 Here it is, 53 years later, I now have nine grandchildren, two great-grandchildren. 	1
Government forces reportedly opened mortar fire close to a group of internally displaced persons camped on a hillside, killing 8 people and wounding 37, including women and children.	0
But if you want to get somewhere quickly, you now know to set your alarm for 4:45 in the morning and you're all set. 	1
And the fact that it exists is amazing. These GPS recorders -- really cool. 	1
Here is a map I made with the most dangerous intersections in New York City based on cyclist accidents. 	1
12. Initiatives by the European Union, the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and international organizations, including the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, calling for independent investigations into alleged massacres and arbitrary killings in Kosovo have gained momentum in the last month.	0
It's called the NYPD Crash Data Band-Aid, and it goes to the NYPD's website and it would download PDFs. 	1
While further progress was made in the development of an investigative capacity by the central judicial police, arrests on the basis of unverified (and sometimes ill-intentioned) denunciations continued to be common in the field.	0
You put in your address, you get local complaints. 	1
Ten other deaths in the poor Port-au-Prince neighbourhoods of Cité Soleil and Lower Delmas were alleged to be extrajudicial killings of suspected gang members by police.	0
23. Prosecutions of police abuses continued to be rare and were almost never undertaken on the sole initiative of judicial officials. Typically, prosecutions were undertaken when victims complained to courts.	0
When I wrote a sequel, some impact was guaranteed. 	1
31. Overcrowding, combined with erratic food supplies and dysfunctional facilities, placed the health of detainees at risk.	0
32. A total of 108 new prison administration recruits completed 10 weeks of introductory training in mid-August and most had been deployed by the end of September.	0
MICIVIH was deeply disappointed that the prison administration had not yet obtained approval for prison regulations and a code of conduct for prison guards drafted in 1997.	0
But imagine if there were a kind of neglected organ in our bodies that weighed just as much as the brain and in some ways was just as important to who we are, but we knew so little about and treated with such disregard. 	1
42. Lengthy pre-trial detention remained a widespread violation of the right to personal liberty.	0
So this is incredible when you think about it. 	1
And this might be associated with some of the differences in health associated with Cesarean birth, such as more asthma, more allergies, even more obesity, all of which have been linked to microbes now, and when you think about it, until recently, every surviving mammal had been delivered by the birth canal, and so the lack of those protective microbes that we've co-evolved with might be really important for a lot of these different conditions that we now know involve the microbiome. 	1
61. During the period under review, the Mission increased promotional activities focusing on women’s rights.	0
The implication is that microbes can affect mammalian behavior. 	1
Despite the progress made, the task of institutional consolidation is not yet complete.	0
These initiatives, aimed at structuring society around civic values and attitudes, should be encouraged.	0
2. It is also disturbing that the Foreign Minister considers Israel's undertakings, as stated in the Wye River Memorandum, as "conditional" upon compliance by the Palestinian side.	0
A. Origin and background of the Working Group	0
The Chairman of the Working Group is Mr. Volkan Vural of Turkey.	0
What you can see from here, perhaps, is that they are pretty well obscured up in the tree canopy at a distance. 	1
Notwithstanding these measures, in mid-1997 expected income against the regular budget was estimated at only $242 million for the year, thus presenting the Agency with the prospect of a “core deficit” of $20 million.	0
And if the rest of the device can be completely recycled, then we believe it's an entirely upcycled device. 	1
14. In September 1997, the Commissioner-General again convened an extraordinary meeting of the Agency’s major donors and the host authorities and issued a new appeal for urgent contributions to overcome the crisis.	0
Twenty-five years ago, scientists at CERN created the World Wide Web. 	1
In other words, the deficit situation and the cash problem had become more closely interlinked.	0
And the more scary part about this is our data now lasts forever, so your data can and will outlive you. 	1
19. The 1999 share of the 1998–1999 budget approved for UNRWA by the General Assembly at its fifty-second session is some $322.1 million.	0
What you are sending, in many ways, is actually a postcard, and it's a postcard in the sense that everybody that sees it from the time it leaves your computer to when it gets to the recipient can actually read the entire contents. 	1
However, the Working Group appreciates that this action is not a long-term solution to securing the funding of the Agency’s regular activities on a sustainable basis, and that it could have negative effects on the Agency’s relations with its area staff, who are the bedrock on which its continued functioning depends.	0
And if you think about it, the best way to get this information is really just to invade our privacy. 	1
before it even leaves Bob's computer, and one of the tricks is, we encrypt it using the public key from Alice. 	1
He was the seventh Chief of Staff of the Israel Defence Forces and in 1967 oversaw the reunification of Jerusalem.	0
And that's actually the key design challenge: How do we take all this complexity, all this software, and implement it in a way that the user cannot see it. 	1
Tenth progress report of the Secretary-General	0
By that date, 33 of the 44 changes will have been implemented.	0
While the initial version of Release 2 had to be switched off in the fall of 1996 due in part to the negative impact it had on the response time of the system, thanks to the improvements made the implementation of the new version of Release 2 in April 1998, it did not affect the overall performance of the system.	0
So you get this kind of big square, okay? 	1
13. The main activities that remain to be undertaken concern the implementation of payroll at Headquarters in August 1999 and subsequently at all other duty stations between February and August 2000, and the implementation of Release 3 at the offices away from Headquarters except for the United Nations Office at Nairobi in 1999 (the latter will implement it early 2000).	0
21. The General Assembly, it its resolution 52/227 of 31 March 1998, requested the Secretary-General to include in its tenth progress report a detailed plan of action and the final level of resources needed to resolve all outstanding problems so as to make the system fully operational, taking into account, among others, the report of the independent experts.	0
But, that's maybe just one coincidence. 	1
They do pretty much everything anybody else in society does. 	1
Believe it or not, you come across some C.O.s on Rikers Island that'll fight you one-on-one. 	1
They allow an early identification of data issues that may arise in the system.	0
I tried to educate myself as much as possible. 	1
23. The work undertaken in 1998 allowed United Nations staff to increase their knowledge of the system.	0
So now you have a bunch of young gentlemen poking their chests out feeling that I have to prove I'm equally as tough as you or I'm tougher than you, you and you. 	1
29. As indicated above, Releases 1 and 2 are now currently in operation at all major duty stations, with the exception of Release 2, which is to be implemented at Nairobi in fall 1998.	0
I had dreams of becoming an architect or an archaeologist. 	1
In my case, for example, since I want to think of toys, what could a toy cat be? 	1
The more ideas you produce, you're sure to come up with some good ones, too. 	1
The total reports now in production number 255, while 90 are under development and 115 still need to be developed.	0
51. The new version of the operating system for the hardware has been successfully installed and tested at Bangkok, and will soon be installed on all similar machines around the world, including those used for purposes other than IMIS.	0
(e) Training for representatives of offices away from Headquarters for the implementation of Releases 2 and 3;	0
My name is Harry Baker. Harry Baker is my name. 	1
It is the belief of the Administration that such an approach would bring major benefits through the availability of consolidated databases, a reduction in implementation and operation costs of systems at field duty stations and other small offices, the dissemination and usage of consistent procedures throughout the Organization and a larger base of staff trained in the same software.	0
With perfectly trimmed cuticles, dressed in something suitable. 	1
paper politicians with their paper-thin policies, broken promises without appropriate apologies. 	1
The Administration should work with other participating organizations to establish and fund an inter-agency governance framework for IMIS.	0
Now the Shadow People didn’t like the Sunshine Kid, Because he showed up the dark things the Shadow People did, And when he shone he showed the places where the Shadow People hid, So the Shadow People had an evil plan to get rid of him, First up -- they made fun of his sunspots, Shooting his dreams from the sky, their words were gunshots, Designed to remind him he wasn’t very cool 	1
Action along the lines recommended by the Board of Auditors was already well advanced when the report was issued.	0
When many of us think about innovation, though, we think about an Einstein having an 'Aha!' moment. 	1
Releases 4 and 5 will be implemented at Headquarters in August 1999, and at ESCWA during the last quarter of 1999.	0
Two weeks later, the director came back and said, "Let's put in those few seconds of film." 	1
These plans are being drawn taking into account the recommendations of the independent experts in this area (see annex II, recommendation 7).	0
Creative agility is about being able to test and refine that portfolio of ideas through quick pursuit, reflection and adjustment. 	1
The report is being prepared by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.	0
In engineering reviews, Bill described his role as, "Injecting honesty into the process by driving debate." 	1
No further work is foreseen, and the contractor has been notified accordingly.	0
But to make sure that they did not lose the learning of the Build it From Scratch team, Bill asked two members of that team to join a new team that was emerging to work on the next-generation system. 	1
5. Information technology services in the Secretariat are decentralized.	0
And, finally, let's bestow credit in a very generous way." 	1
7. Test environment for non-mainframe applications	0
No one was ever sentenced for these crimes. 	1
They took the guard, they put him on the floor, they beat him up in front of me, tied him, dragged him away. 	1
Contingency planning for the year 2000 thus appears to be only partly a technical exercise, but mostly a management issue.	0
He got the same answer, which had the same consequence. 	1
The focus must be on identifying people and facilities that are essential for minimizing damage and putting a management structure in place that will effectively address problems.	0
Four days later, the body was full of pain. 	1
40. The General Assembly, in its resolution 52/233, calls upon the Council to prepare guidelines on which Member States may be able to draw in addressing the diverse aspects of the year 2000 problem.	0
In the above-mentioned letter to ACC dated 30 October 1998, the Secretary-General drew attention to paragraph 6 of resolution 52/233, in which the Assembly requested him to ensure that the United Nations system would facilitate the dissemination of relevant information on funding possibilities to assist developing countries and countries with economies in transition to address the year 2000 problem.	0
Ruslan was the most brutal man I ever met. 	1
This is the same for us when we help refugees, people displaced within their country by conflict, or stateless persons, I know many people, when they are confronted by overwhelming suffering, they feel powerless and they stop there. 	1
6. To sign a memorandum on crime prevention.	0
Until the beginning of the civil war in Somalia in the late '80s, humanitarian aid workers were sometimes victims of what we call collateral damages, but by and large we were not the target of these attacks. 	1
“Affirming that it sees in this process the broadest positive opportunities for the further development of civilization, the expansion of opportunities for cooperation for the common good of all States, the enhancement of mankind’s creative potential and the formation of a global information area for the international community,	0
Recalling in this connection the approaches and principles outlined at the Information Society and Development Conference, held at Midrand, South Africa, from 13 to 15 May 1996,	0
A hundred years ago, we tended to die of infectious diseases like pneumonia, that, if they took hold, would take us away quite quickly. 	1
1. Calls upon Member States to promote at multilateral levels the consideration of existing and potential threats in the field of information security;	0
8. Operative paragraph 3 was adopted by a recorded vote of 144 to none.	0
9. Operative paragraph 4 was adopted by a recorded vote of 143 to none.	0
We need to build big businesses, and we need jobs. 	1
With a list of symptoms this long and wide, I could have PMS, you could have PMS, the guy in the third row here could have PMS, my dog could have PMS.  Some researchers said you had to have five symptoms. 	1
Convinced that the improvement of international relations forms a sound basis for promoting further openness and transparency in all military matters,	0
And finally, many different types of questionnaires were used to diagnose PMS, focusing on different symptoms, symptom duration and severity. 	1
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).	0
They go to work or school, take care of their families, and function at a normal level. 	1
So a scientist named Paul Bach-y-Rita put blind people in a modified dental chair, and he set up a video feed, and he put something in front of the camera, poked into your back with a grid of solenoids. 	1
Determined strictly to abide by the relevant provisions of the Charter of the United Nations on the non-use of force or threat of force,	0
But remember, all vision ever is is electrochemical signals coursing around in your brain. 	1
1. Reaffirms the importance and urgency of preventing an arms race in outer space, and the readiness of all States to contribute to that common objective, in conformity with the provisions of the Treaty on Principles Governing the Activities of States in the Exploration and Use of Outer Space, including the Moon and Other Celestial Bodies;2	0
So what that tells us is that the cortex is kind of a one-trick pony. 	1
9. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “Prevention of an arms race in outer space”.	0
In terms of beyond sensory substitution, the things I started mentioning about astronauts on the space station, they spend a lot of their time monitoring things, and they could instead just get what's going on, because what this is really good for is multidimensional data. 	1
“(c) Measures to uphold the authority of the 1925 Geneva Protocol;	0
In its context, it is not manufacturable by traditional manufacturing techniques. 	1
“(j) Consolidation of peace through practical disarmament measures;	0
It's actually 2D printing over and over again, and it in fact uses the technologies associated with 2D printing. 	1
Subsequently, Fiji joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
I joked with them that some might only have heard of me from rap songs. 	1
(i) After the words “financial resources” the words “and with any other assistance provided by Member States in a position to do so,” were inserted; (ii) At the end of the paragraph, the words “and of establishing, within the United Nations system, a single database of such authorized manufacturers and dealers” were deleted.	0
28. Also at the same meeting, the representative of Pakistan, on behalf also of India, introduced amendments (A/C.1/53/L.61) to draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.22, by which:	0
Since then, it has connected people in unimaginable ways, joining lost siblings, saving lives, launching revolutions, but the darkness, cyberbullying, and slut-shaming that I experienced had mushroomed. 	1
Barbados, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, Cyprus, Dominican Republic, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Israel, Panama, Paraguay, United Republic of Tanzania, Venezuela.	0
It's led to desensitization and a permissive environment online which lends itself to trolling, invasion of privacy, and cyberbullying. 	1
“Convinced that a non-discriminatory, multilateral and internationally and effectively verifiable treaty banning the production of fissile material for nuclear weapons or other nuclear explosive devices would be a significant contribution to nuclear non-proliferation in all its aspects,	0
Online, we've got a compassion deficit, an empathy crisis. 	1
45. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.28, as orally revised, by a recorded vote of 136 to none, with 3 abstentions (see para. 89, draft resolution L).	0
Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burundi, Canada, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guinea, Guyana, Haiti, Hungary, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lesotho, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mauritania, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Panama, Paraguay, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.	0
After all, a cat is just a collection of shapes and colors, and this is what we did in the early days of object modeling. 	1
R. Draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.38 and Rev.1	0
Even something as simple as a household pet can present an infinite number of variations to the object model, and that's just one object. 	1
Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahamas, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Barbados, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Burundi, Canada, Cape Verde, Central African Republic, Chad, Chile, China, Colombia, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Denmark, Djibouti, Dominican Republic, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Eritrea, Estonia, Ethiopia, Fiji, Finland, France, Georgia, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Guinea, Guyana, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Madagascar, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Marshall Islands, Mauritania, Mexico, Micronesia (Federated States of), Monaco, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Nicaragua, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Papua New Guinea, Peru, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Sierra Leone, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sudan, Suriname, Swaziland, Sweden, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, United States of America, Uruguay, Uzbekistan, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen, Zambia, Zimbabwe.	0
We were fairly alone on this journey for quite a while. 	1
“Welcoming efforts of other nuclear-weapon States to reduce their nuclear arsenals, most recently by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland,	0
Sometimes, when the computer is not so confident about what it sees, we have taught it to be smart enough to give us a safe answer instead of committing too much, just like we would do, but other times our computer algorithm is remarkable at telling us what exactly the objects are, like the make, model, year of the cars. 	1
(c) A new preambular paragraph would be inserted after the sixth preambular paragraph, reading:	0
 Computer: A cat lying on a bed in a blanket. 	1
(a) The second preambular paragraph was adopted by a recorded vote of 125 to 1, with 4 abstentions.	0
 Computer: A person sitting at a table with a cake. 	1
(a) Operative paragraph 1 was adopted by a recorded vote of 133 to 5, with 5 abstentions.	0
But he dreamed of a fresh start in America. 	1
75. At the 21st meeting, on 2 November, the representative of Myanmar, on behalf of Algeria, Bangladesh, Brunei Darussalam, Burkina Faso, Cape Verde, Colombia, Costa Rica, Cuba, Ecuador, Egypt, El Salvador, Ethiopia, Fiji, Ghana, Guatemala, India, Indonesia, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Iraq, Jamaica, Kenya, the Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Lesotho, the Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Malaysia, Mexico, Mongolia, Mozambique, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Nicaragua, Nigeria, Pakistan, Panama, the Philippines, Samoa, Solomon Islands, Sri Lanka, the Sudan, Thailand, the United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Zambia and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Nuclear disarmament” (A/C.1/53/L.47).	0
In fact, dozens of scalding, birdshot pellets puncture his head. 	1
United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.	0
Armenia, Bulgaria, Czech Republic, Estonia, France, Hungary, India, Israel, Latvia, Lithuania, Monaco, Pakistan, Poland, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia, Turkey, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.	0
The day after admitting him, the hospital discharged him. 	1
82. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted revised draft resolution A/C.1/53/L.49/Rev.1 by a recorded vote of 136 to none, with 8 abstentions (see para. 89, draft resolution Z).	0
He found telemarketing work, then he became an Olive Garden waiter, because where better to get over his fear of white people than the Olive Garden? 	1
Welcoming the initiative taken by the Economic Community of West African States concerning the declaration of a moratorium on the importing, exporting and manufacture of light weapons in West Africa,	0
And it was Raisuddin, despite being a newcomer, despite being attacked, despite being homeless and traumatized, who belonged to that republic of dreams and Stroman who belonged to that other wounded country, despite being born with the privilege of a native white man. 	1
Welcoming the decision of the Council of Ministers of the Organization of African Unity at its sixty-eighth ordinary session, held at Ouagadougou from 4 to 7 June 1998, concerning the proliferation of small arms and light weapons, See A/53/179, annex I.	0
I realized these men's stories formed an urgent parable about America. 	1
9. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “Prohibition of the dumping of radioactive wastes”.	0
you may not know what's going on and you may be part of the problem. 	1
Recalling its resolution 52/38 J of 9 December 1997,	0
I'm a potter, which seems like a fairly humble vocation. 	1
Recognizing that the establishment of internationally recognized nuclear-weapon-free zones, with due regard to the specific characteristics of each region and on the basis of arrangements freely arrived at by the States of the region concerned, can play an important role in promoting regional and global peace and security,	0
If we wanted to show "Car Wash," we could. 	1
What do we do with these abandoned buildings? 	1
6. Decides to include in the provisional agenda of its fifty-fourth session the item entitled “Relationship between disarmament and development”.	0
If I were a traditional developer, I would be talking about buildings alone, and then putting a "For Lease" sign in the window. 	1
Stressing that further efforts are needed in order to develop and effectively implement programmes of practical disarmament in affected areas,	0
4. Welcomes the generous offer by the Government of Mozambique to act as host for the First Meeting of the States Parties;	0
This was reinforced by the political climate of the time. 	1
Recalling its resolutions 45/58 P of 4 December 1990, 46/36 I of 6 December 1991, 47/52 J of 9 December 1992, 48/75 I of 16 December 1993, 49/75 N of 15 December 1994, 50/70 K of 12 December 1995, 51/45 K of 10 December 1996 and 52/38 P of 9 December 1997 on regional disarmament,	0
We had a president, Moi, who was a dictator. 	1
4. Welcomes the initiatives towards disarmament, nuclear non-proliferation and security undertaken by some countries at the regional and subregional levels;	0
Considering also that openness and transparency relating to all types of armaments would contribute greatly to confidence-building and security among States,	0
I used to be called softy, but I'm no longer softy, because I discovered who I really am, as in, that's what I want to do, and there's such beauty in doing that. 	1
Recognizing that an enhanced level of transparency relating to both conventional weapons and weapons of mass destruction and transfers of equipment and technologies directly related to the development and manufacture of such weapons, as well as to high technology with military applications, would promote stability, strengthen regional and international peace and security, and accelerate efforts towards general and complete disarmament,	0
There's nothing as powerful as that, knowing that I'm meant to do this, because you don't get scared, you just continue living your life. 	1
I had the privilege of getting to know some of the most amazing, fierce and courageous human beings I had ever met. 	1
(a) The early signature and ratification of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty See resolution 50/245. by all States with a view to its early entry into force, and cessation of nuclear tests pending its entry into force;	0
SL: Yeah, I'm not a big snake person -- JL: But cockroach is just the insect we love to hate. 	1
Welcoming also the response of Member States to the request contained in paragraphs 9 and 10 of resolution 46/36 L to provide data on their imports and exports of arms, as well as available background information regarding their military holdings, procurement through national production and relevant policies,	0
SL: You've exceeded my expectations, sweetie, because, sure, you have these fantasies of what your child's going to be like, but you have made me grow so much as a parent, because you think -- JL: Well, I was the one who made you a parent. 	1
Taking note of the relevant portions of the report of the Secretary-General A/53/208 and Add.1. relating to the implementation of resolution 52/38 O,	0
Annie Perasa: If I don't have a note on the kitchen table, I think there's something wrong. 	1
 Alexis Martinez: One of the most difficult things for me was I was always afraid that I wouldn't be allowed to be in my granddaughters' lives, and you blew that completely out of the water, you and your husband. 	1
6. Urges the nuclear-weapon States to examine further interim measures, including measures to enhance strategic stability and accordingly to review strategic doctrines;	0
9. Welcomes the September 1998 pledge by the Russian Federation and the United States of America to remove by stages approximately fifty metric tons of plutonium from each of their nuclear weapons programmes, and to convert this material so that it can never be used in nuclear weapons;	0
I was lucky, and doubly lucky to be later reunited with my birth parents. 	1
“(c) United Nations Regional Centre for Peace and Disarmament in Asia and the Pacific;	0
An early project was to develop software standards on management control protocols. 	1
(d) Report of the Secretary-General on the activities of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa (A/53/369);	0
And later, when it was a company valued at over three billion dollars, and I'd made 70 of the staff into millionaires, they sort of said, "Well done, Steve!" 	1
They knew that blindness would pose a significant challenge. 	1
5. Emphasizes the importance of providing to the countries members of the Standing Advisory Committee the essential support they need to carry out the full programme of activities which they adopted at the ninth and tenth ministerial meetings, in particular the organization of joint military exercises to simulate peacekeeping operations;	0
But we all have brains that allow us, that activate to allow us to navigate the journey through these challenges. Okay? 	1
10. Thanks the Secretary-General for having established the Trust Fund for the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa;	0
Convinced that the use of nuclear weapons poses the most serious threat to the survival of mankind,	0
We think that we have things in our world that you as a blind person don't have, but what's your world like? 	1
1. Reiterates the importance of the United Nations activities at the regional level to increase the stability and security of its Member States, which could be promoted in a substantive manner by the maintenance and revitalization of the three regional centres for peace and disarmament;	0
Now, Médecins Sans Frontières did a great job orchestrating volunteers. 	1
3. Appeals to Member States in each region and those that are able to do so, as well as to international governmental and non-governmental organizations and foundations, to make voluntary contributions to the regional centres in their respective regions to strengthen their programmes of activities and implementation;	0
And a large epidemic would require us to have hundreds of thousands of workers. 	1
Noting with satisfaction that the programme has already trained an appreciable number of public officials selected from geographical regions represented in the United Nations system, most of whom are now in positions of responsibility in the field of disarmament affairs in their respective countries or Governments,	0
The WHO is funded to monitor epidemics, but not to do these things I talked about. 	1
The source of the virus could be a natural epidemic like Ebola, or it could be bioterrorism. 	1
We need a medical reserve corps: lots of people who've got the training and background who are ready to go, with the expertise. 	1
“9. Requests the Conference on Disarmament to submit a report on its work to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;	0
We need to do simulations, germ games, not war games, so that we see where the holes are. 	1
3. Also welcomes the decisions of the Conference on Disarmament to establish an Ad Hoc Committee under item 4 of its agenda entitled “Effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons”, to negotiate with a view to reaching agreement on effective international arrangements to assure non-nuclear-weapon States against the use or threat of use of nuclear weapons, which could take the form of an internationally legally binding instrument, as well as an Ad Hoc Committee under item 1 of its agenda entitled “Cessation of the nuclear arms race and nuclear disarmament”, to negotiate, on the basis of the report of the Special Coordinator CD/1299.	0
Would you prefer to be called Conqueror of the Classics? 	1
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22-31).	0
2. Welcomes the adherence to the amended Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby Traps and Other Devices (Protocol II) by [twenty-one] States and its forthcoming entry into force on 3 December 1998, and calls, in particular, on all States Parties to the Convention that have not yet done so to express their consent to be bound by the Protocol;	0
Of course, in international relations, it's not just the sound of one hand clapping. 	1
2. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include the item in its agenda and to allocate it to the First Committee.	0
The challenge, though, is given those deep-rooted feelings, those deep-rooted emotions and thought patterns, what the Chinese call "Sīwéi," ways of thinking, how can we craft a basis for a common future between these two? 	1
Action on all draft resolutions was taken at the 22nd to 31st meetings, from 3 to 6 and on 9, 10, 12 and 13 November (see A/C.1/53/PV.22–31).	0
Recalling also its resolution 48/65, adopted without a vote on 16 December 1993, in which it commended the final report of the Ad Hoc Group of Governmental Experts to Identify and Examine Potential Verification Measures from a Scientific and Technical Standpoint, BWC/CONF.III/VEREX/9 and Corr.1. agreed to by consensus at the last meeting of the Ad Hoc Group at Geneva on 24 September 1993,	0
But I don't want you in the frame, I don't want you in the window, I want you through the window, I want you on the other side, in the world, inhabiting the world. 	1
(a) Letter dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/132–S/1998/448);	0
And we went to a Syrian refugee camp in Jordan in December and shot the story of a 12-year-old girl there named Sidra. 	1
“Noting that the first meeting of the States Signatories adopted resolution CTBT/MSS/RES/1 of 19 November 1996 thereby establishing the Preparatory Commission for the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization,	0
“Recalling the provision in article XIV.2 of the Treaty for a Conference to be convened, at the request of a majority of the States that have ratified, to examine the extent to which the requirement set out in paragraph 1 of this article has been met and to consider and decide by consensus what measures consistent with international law may be undertaken to accelerate the ratification process in order to facilitate the early entry into force of this Treaty,	0
I am from Syria, in the Daraa Province, Inkhil City. 	1
6. At its 31st meeting, on 13 November, the Committee had before it the following amendments submitted by Pakistan (A/C.1/53/L.53) to the draft resolution, by which:	0
I asked my father if I cried when I was a baby and he says I did not. 	1
And that's where I think we just start to scratch the surface of the true power of virtual reality. 	1
2. The chapters of the report of the Special Committee (A/53/23) To be issued in Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 23 (A/53/23).	0
In the case of beer, it would be very simple. 	1
But what happened in more important questions? 	1
Having considered in depth the question of Western Sahara,	0
And finally, we also have an action gap. 	1
1. Welcomes the significant developments that have taken place in New Caledonia as exemplified by the signing of the Nouméa Accord of 5 May 1998 between the representatives of New Caledonia and the Government of France; See A/AC.109/2114, annex.	0
However, our P.R. department, in its enthusiasm, had already made 1,000 Delft Blue plates with the name of the wrong comets. 	1
6. Calls upon the administering Power to transmit information regarding the political, economic and social situation of New Caledonia to the Secretary-General;	0
That's the first time when it was deflected by Jupiter, and it got close enough to the sun to start changing. 	1
Convinced that the wishes and aspirations of the peoples of the Territories should continue to guide the development of their future political status and that referendums, free and fair elections and other forms of popular consultation play an important role in ascertaining the wishes and aspirations of the people,	0
You can see the effect of the sun on the evaporation of gas and the fact that the comet is rotating. 	1
Noting the results of the independence referendum held on 16 August 1995,	0
It may be local outgassing, stuff which goes up and comes back. 	1
8. Requests the Special Committee on the Situation with regard to the Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples to continue the examination of the question of the Non-Self-Governing Territory of Guam and to report thereon to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session;	0
By the time we will be at the sun, there will be 100 kilos a second leaving this comet: gas, dust, whatever. 	1
I will never forget -- absolute madness, 250 TV crews in Germany. 	1
Noting with deep concern that a substantial number of the inhabitants of the Territory continue to live in shelters because of volcanic activity,	0
Like hundreds of thousands of other Hazara kids, I was born in exile. 	1
2. Requests the administering Power, bearing in mind the views of the people of the Territory ascertained through a democratic process, to keep the Secretary-General informed of the wishes and aspirations of the people regarding their future political status;	0
Recalling its invitation to the International Atomic Energy Agency and the World Health Organization, in its resolution 52/55, to consider the functions and role of the Scientific Committee and to submit a recommendation to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session,	0
4. At its 2nd meeting, on 17 September, the Committee decided to establish an open-ended Working Group on International Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), to be chaired by the delegation of India, to prepare the draft resolution on the item.	0
10. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
But he insisted: "How about having a net sticking out from the edge of the roof? 	1
Noting the progress achieved in the further development of peaceful space exploration and applications as well as in various national and cooperative space projects, which contributes to international cooperation, and the importance of further international cooperation in this field,	0
3. For its consideration of the item, the Committee had before it the following documents:	0
 The driver in front, she needs to learn how to drive. 	1
(g) Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the United Nations Conciliation Commission for Palestine, in accordance with paragraph 6 of General Assembly resolution 512 (VI) and paragraph 3 of Assembly resolution 52/57 (A/53/518 and Corr.1).	0
And this boy did 6,000 meters in the morning. 	1
Welcoming the signature in Washington, D.C., on 13 September 1993 by the Government of the State of Israel and the Palestine Liberation Organization, the representative of the people of Palestine, of the Declaration of Principles on Interim Self-Government Arrangements A/48/486–S/26560, annex; see Official Records of the Security Council, Forty-eighth Year, Supplement for October, November and December 1993, document S/26560.	0
I said, "Look at these leaders, they are so great, they are against untouchability. 	1
7. Reiterates its deep concern regarding the persisting critical financial situation of the Agency, as outlined in the report of the Commissioner-General;5	0
All these untouchables, three women and two men, they agreed to come. 	1
Having considered the report of the Commissioner-General of the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998, Ibid.	0
So I'll come back to the story of when I was caught in the prison: I was very happy freeing a dozen children from slavery, handing them over to their parents. 	1
Aware of the establishment of a working relationship between the Advisory Commission of the Agency and the Palestine Liberation Organization in accordance with General Assembly decision 48/417 of 10 December 1993,	0
 Not only that, but this first-ever consumer's power, or consumer's campaign has grown in other countries and other industries, maybe chocolate, maybe apparel, maybe shoes -- it has gone beyond. 	1
That has helped in changing the whole thinking towards education from the charity mode to the human rights mode, and that has concretely helped the reduction of out-of-school children by half in the last 15 years. 	1
6. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution.	0
And I am so lucky that not once, as I said before, but thousands of times, I have been able to witness my God in the faces of those children and they are my biggest inspirations. 	1
(e) Notes by the Secretary-General transmitting the thirtieth report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories (A/53/661) and the periodic reports of the Special Committee covering the periods from 30 August to 31 December 1997 (A/53/136) and from 1 January to 31 May 1998 (A/53/136/Add.1);	0
On the horizontal axis is income inequality. 	1
Now's not the time for us, for the rest of us to show them mercy. 	1
Having considered the reports of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories, A/53/136 and Add.1 and A/53/661.	0
What is left? How are we going to find it? 	1
4. Reiterates that those Member States that become personnel contributors to United Nations peacekeeping operations in years to come or that participate in the future in the Special Committee for three consecutive years as observers shall, upon request in writing to the Chairman of the Special Committee, become members at the following session of the Special Committee;	0
Regardless, what we know is that because of the discovery, the hypothesis that there is still life present on Mars today remains a viable one. 	1
In talking, you use very fine movements of the ribcage to squeeze the air out -- and in fact, we're the only animals that can do this. 	1
And as the contractions run together, you can get these spasms, and that's when you start getting these --  -- things happening. 	1
and 778 (1992): statement of income and expenditure	0
No, that was helpless laughter, and in fact, to record that, all they had to do was record me watching one of my friends listening to something I knew she wanted to laugh at, and I just started doing this. 	1
Statement XIV. International Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons	0
Also, you start to get these sort of contractions and weird whistling sounds, all of which mean that real laughter is extremely easy, or feels extremely easy to spot. 	1
expenditure for peacekeeping operations for the	0
And I think what that means is, even if you're having your brain scanned, which is completely boring and not very interesting, when you hear somebody going, "A ha ha ha ha ha," you're trying to work out why they're laughing. 	1
In addition, I have the honour to present the report of the Board of Auditors with respect to the above accounts.	0
And his friends are already laughing. They are already laughing, hard. 	1
Financial information on United Nations peacekeeping operations, is reported on separately at the end of the fiscal period for the peacekeeping accounts, ending 30 June each year.	0
It was a very basic reaction to find some reason we can do this. 	1
Statement III summarizes the Organization's net cash flows for the period.	0
You do it so often, you don't even notice it. 	1
9. The failure of Member States to pay their assessed contributions in full and on time has produced recurring cash crises and the resulting inability of the Organization to pay its obligations to Member States and others.	0
Weighing one to 10 billion times the mass of our own sun, these galactic black holes are devouring material, than your "average" supermassive black hole. 	1
The dinner plate by which material falls onto the black hole is called the accretion disc, shown here in blue. 	1
Of this amount $9.3 million representing the unspent balance of appropriations for the biennium 1996-1997 has been approved by the General Assembly for projects to be undertaken in the biennium 1998-1999.	0
But I think in my career that's been a good thing. 	1
These amounts have been eliminated from the income and expenditure figures shown in the total columns of statement I.	0
The things I had to see, and feel and touch were pretty unspeakable. 	1
Operating costs of $94,382 incurred in 1993 for the UNITAR building have been approved and reported as a prior period adjustment.	0
She's a marvelous young girl living in a very poor community in Guatemala. 	1
Now honestly, you and I have just about no idea of what that would mean because we have no first-hand experience of it. 	1
A list of the Board’s main recommendations is included in paragraph 11 of the report.	0
Woman: OK Dispatcher: Um, obviously if he comes inside the residence and assaults you, can you ask him to go away? 	1
A summary of the Board’s main recommendations are reported in paragraph 11. The detailed findings of the audit are discussed in paragraphs 12 to 225.	0
In South Asia, if you enslave a poor person, you're at greater risk of being struck by lightning than ever being sent to jail for that crime. 	1
As at 31 December 1997 it had borrowed $58 million from the peacekeeping reserve fund and another $120 million from peacekeeping funds relating to three missions; this compares favourably with the borrowing of $58 million and $176 million from the peacekeeping reserve fund and other peacekeeping funds respectively as at 31 December 1995.	0
In fact, any conversation about global poverty that doesn't include the problem of violence must be deemed not serious. 	1
One of my favorite educators, Brazilian author and scholar Paulo Freire, speaks quite explicitly about the need for education to be used as a tool for critical awakening and shared humanity. 	1
At United Nations Headquarters, the Board noted that statement V of the financial statements as at 31 December 1997 included an asset of $21.79 million under “inter-office transactions pending processing”.	0
The Administration should also institute measures to ensure that executing agencies provide accounts on a regular basis.	0
Look at these two highly distinguished gentlemen: We have Kanzi -- he's mastered 200 lexical tokens, an incredible feat. 	1
In order to address the deficiencies in cash management, the Budget and Finance Section of ECA had been restructured in May 1997 to establish adequate segregation of functional responsibilities to address the weaknesses in internal controls.	0
You build up these expert systems, and they were kind of useful for some purposes, but they were very brittle, you couldn't scale them. 	1
The source of the income was mainly from the United Nations Postal Administration (UNPA) ($1.2 million), the garage administration ($1.4 million) and from the sale of publications ($1.8 million).	0
And the median answer was 2040 or 2050, depending on precisely which group of experts we asked. 	1
11. Write-off of losses of cash, receivables and property	0
Now most people, when they think about what is smart and what is dumb, I think have in mind a picture roughly like this. 	1
The write-off of losses of property owing to surplus and unserviceable items (through normal wear and tear, including scheduled replacement), repair cost for partial damage, damage (total loss by vehicle accident, fire, storm) and shortage, including inventory discrepancy, loss and theft, as reported by the Headquarters Property Survey Board and field offices, was as follows (in United States dollars):	0
And a few moments later, we are beyond Ed Witten. 	1
The Board considers that major maintenance contracts should not be awarded on an exigency basis.	0
Human beings in this model are threats, we could prevent the mathematical problem from being solved. 	1
The Department of Public Information waived the condition that the module functionality test be completed within the time stipulated in the contract.	0
The point here is that we should not be confident in our ability to keep a superintelligent genie locked up in its bottle forever. 	1
The Administration stated that the entire amount was paid in one lump sum to utilize the unliquidated obligations created in the biennium 1992-1993, which could be carried over to only the first year of the next biennium.	0
The Board recommends that the Administration make efforts to recover the taxes improperly paid and make further attempts to resolve the issue of the tax payment on purchases with the national Government.	0
Well, you have about 80 billion neurons inside your brain right now. 	1
They're sending electrical messages back and forth, and chemical messages. 	1
The Manual states that the Member and Observer States of the United Nations may, at the discretion of the Chief of the Procurement Division, be allowed to provide names of possible applicants for the supplier roster.	0
 So what you're listening to, so this is your motor units happening right here. 	1
For example, it took six months to make payments from the Rwanda Trust Fund for emergency needs.	0
 That's interesting, but let's get it better. 	1
Both the Geneva and Vienna offices had initiated efficiency reviews to achieve savings in the provision of services.	0
There are more and more kids on this journey to adulthood than ever before in the United States and that's because in the past 40 years, our incarceration rate has grown by 700 percent. 	1
The largest savings came from reduced staff costs through the restructuring of the security and safety service ($954,000), changing the carrier for long-distance telephone calls ($400,000) and reducing the frequency with which offices were cleaned from five times a week to three ($300,000).	0
The Board therefore recommends that the United Nations Office at Geneva and the United Nations Office at Vienna adopt the set of key performance indicators proposed by the Secretary-General for conference services and to develop performance indicators to cover other services.	0
This senior thesis became a dissertation at Princeton and now a book. 	1
(a) How long it took the personnel service to recruit or appoint a staff member;	0
When the cop caught up to the younger boy, he pushed him down, handcuffed him with imaginary handcuffs, took a quarter out of the other child's pocket, saying, "I'm seizing that." 	1
The other kid was fine the next day, I think it was his pride that was injured more than anything. 	1
Notably, 65 (60 per cent) of the 109 cases were processed within two weeks, and an additional 22 cases (20 per cent) were completed within one month.	0
Right now, we're asking kids who live in the most disadvantaged neighborhoods, who have the least amount of family resources, who are attending the country's worst schools, who are facing the toughest time in the labor market, who are living in neighborhoods where violence is an everyday problem, we're asking these kids to walk the thinnest possible line -- to basically never do anything wrong. 	1
(e) Category E, from corporations, other private legal entities and public sector enterprises;	0
At this point, she'd covered over 1,000 miles, had had no radio contact in more than two weeks following a storm that disabled all her long-range communications systems just five days in. 	1
The Board examined the operation of those expedited procedures, together with the quality of evidence supporting the claims received under categories A, B and C.	0
Independent experts provided assurance that the model’s level of performance conformed to the standards generally accepted in statistical estimations.	0
It's an experimental breeding program at the USDA Bee Lab in Baton Rouge, and this queen and her attendant bees are part of that program. 	1
However, the Commission had not carried out further work to evaluate the financial impact of the errors identified.	0
I am a prisoner for the wrong I've done. 	1
As requested by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/218 of 22 December 1997, the Board of Auditors has reviewed the ex gratia payments of $750,663 to judges of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda covering the period from 26 June 1995 to 18 June 1996.	0
The Board noted that the Nairobi Office had yet to take an inventory of the applications systems and check them for year 2000 compliance.	0
This makes it imperative that IMIS be implemented within the time-frame presently scheduled in all the offices away from Headquarters.	0
In two cases involving $30,264 at ECA and $15,366 at the UNDP programme office in Nigeria, fraud was committed through the fraudulent endorsement of cheques.	0
And it's strong: it has the tensile strength of steel, the compressive strength of concrete. 	1
Both cases are being investigated by the Office of Internal Oversight Services.	0
Slam four tons straight down on a pole, and it can take it. 	1
A team of nine procurement officers evaluates the applications, and applicants who do not meet the standard in the initial evaluation are submitted to the Supplier Review Committee for further views.	0
Slice up a boulder like a loaf of bread, hand-carve each to fit the other, leave the crusts on, and what we're doing, it is almost entirely handmade. 	1
27. The Board looks forward to further action to address the recommendation.	0
And we've got a really long way to go, there's a lot left to learn, but one thing I know is that with creativity and commitment, you can create beauty and comfort and safety and even luxury out of a material that will grow back. 	1
53. To ensure selection of consultants on a more competitive basis, all proposals for consideration of a sole candidate for recruitment should be actively discouraged.	0
When I left, a guy passed me who had a Chicago flag badge on his backpack. 	1
That's how deeply the flag has gotten into the civic imagery of Chicago. 	1
87. The Board welcomes the establishment of the Programme Management Information System to monitor activities and looks forward to further progress in resource planning.	0
Now, if this were a United States city, the flag would probably look like this. 	1
92. When external factors cause excessive delays, line managers are required to bring such circumstances together with appropriate recommendations to the attention of the senior management of the Department so that counterpart agencies can be alerted and take appropriate action according to the agreed work plan.	0
97. Programme outputs and output delivery dates should be quantified by the departments themselves on the basis of appropriate guidelines issued by the Central Monitoring and Inspection Unit.	0
But here's the trick: If you want to design a great flag, a kickass flag like Chicago's or D.C.'s, which also has a great flag, start by drawing a one-by-one-and-a-half- inch rectangle on a piece of paper. 	1
108. The Board has noted these developments.	0
I don't know what he would do if we was completely unfettered and didn't follow those guidelines. 	1
They've sent me other suggested designs. 	1
(i) The maintenance of international peace and security;	0
Apart from changes in the value arising from translation of currencies, all investments are stated at cost.	0
(v) Interest and miscellaneous income: Miscellaneous income arising from regular budget activities is credited to miscellaneous income of the General Fund.	0
We know the extraordinary cognitive capabilities that they have, and they also resemble the kind that human beings have. 	1
Interest and miscellaneous income arising from UNDP, UNFPA and UNEP activities are credited to the operating fund accounts maintained with those organizations.	0
And so we chose chimpanzees, and we began to then canvass the world to find the experts in chimpanzee cognition. 	1
(b) Statement I includes two calculations of the excess (shortfall) of income over expenditure.	0
Less: Decreased appropriation for the biennium 1996-1997 (resolution 51/222 A)	0
Decreased appropriation for the biennium 1996-1997 (resolution 52/213 A)	0
And so on the last week of December 2013, the Nonhuman Rights Project filed three suits all across the state of New York using the same common law writ of habeus corpus argument that had been used with James Somerset, and we demanded that the judges issue these common law writs of habeus corpus. 	1
If shivering is a form of meditation, then I would consider myself a monk. 	1
I would love to give you a little perspective on what a day in my life can look like. 	1
d/ Comprises absorption of UNITAR debt of $283,215 and write-off of UNITAR operating costs of $94,382.	0
A volunteer would write a sentence on the chalkboard, and the other students had to guess whether it was a truth or a lie. 	1
Trust Fund for the Least Developed Countries in the Work of the Preparatory Committee on the Establishment of an International Criminal Court and in the 1998 Diplomatic Conference of Plenipotentiaries (AKA)	0
Trust Fund to Support a Survey of United Nations Staff on Harassment in the Workplace (HTA)	0
I wanted so much to tell them the truth, of their country and of the outside world, where Arab youth were turning their rotten regime inside out, using the power of social media, where everyone except them was connected through the world wide web, which wasn't worldwide after all. 	1
Staff members financed by extrabudgetary funds who are required to pay income tax are reimbursed directly from the resources of the extrabudgetary fund concerned.	0
13. Also calls upon the Secretary-General to exert all efforts to ensure that information to be presented to the media is made available to delegations fully and in a timely fashion;	0
41. Recalls its resolutions concerning the consequences of the Chernobyl disaster, in particular resolutions 51/138 B of 13 December 1996 and 52/172 of 16 December 1997, and encourages the Department of Public Information, in cooperation with the countries concerned and with the relevant organizations and bodies of the United Nations system, to continue to take appropriate measures to enhance world public awareness of the consequences of this disaster;	0
If anything, I'm perhaps a bit of a communicator of activities that are being undertaken by the greatest companies in China, Japan, India, the U.S., Europe. 	1
The General Assembly decides to increase the membership of the Committee on Information from 90 to 93 members and to appoint Angola, the Republic of Moldova and Solomon Islands as members of the Committee on Information.	0
CA: Would it be too much, I don't know, do we have a handheld mic? 	1
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/53/263).	0
Recalling also its resolution 52/71 of 10 December 1997, in which it requested the Special Committee to continue to discharge the functions entrusted to it under resolution 1970 (XVIII),	0
But the question I asked is, is it possible to linger in the stratosphere? 	1
A. Draft resolution contained in document A/53/23 (Part III), chapter V	0
7. The Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee) recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
I'm here to tell you about the real search for alien life. 	1
Having examined the chapter of the report of the Special Committee relating to the item, A/53/23 (Part IV), chap. VII. For the final text, see Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 23.	0
And if our sun has planets -- Mercury, Venus, Earth, Mars, etc., surely those other stars should have planets also, and they do. 	1
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-third session the item entitled “Report of the Economic and Social Council” and to allocate to the Second Committee the relevant chapters of the Council’s report.	0
And so far, we've been able to study dozens of exoplanet atmospheres, about six of them in great detail. 	1
(d) Letter dated 14 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Namibia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the resolutions adopted at the ninety-ninth session of the General Conference of the Inter-Parliamentary Union, held at Windhoek from 2 to 11 April 1998 (A/53/201); A/53/605	0
And you can see all these dark, vertical lines. 	1
(a) In the second preambular paragraph, the words “in which, inter alia, it stressed that the primary function of the general segment should be an action-oriented review of the activities, reports and recommendations of the Council’s subsidiary bodies, and that the Council should regularly review the agenda of its general segment with a view to discontinuing consideration of items not relevant to the work of its subsidiary machinery or duplicative of items on the agenda of the General Assembly” which appeared after the words “of 24 May 1996” were deleted;	0
And that's why I'm pleased to tell you about all the atmospheres studied now, and this is really a field of its own. 	1
D. Documents relating to the report of the Economic and Social Council	0
It reminds me that nearly every day, I receive an email or emails from someone with a crazy theory about physics of gravity or cosmology or some such. 	1
14. At its 42nd meeting, on 1 December, on the proposal of the Chairman, the Committee decided to recommend to the General Assembly that it take note of chapters I to V, VIII (sects. A-C and E-H) and X of the report of the Economic and Social Council1 and of the report of the Executive Director of the United Nations Population Fund on the United Nations Population Award (A/53/406, annex) (see para. 19, draft decision I).	0
So, please don't email me one of your crazy theories. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of General Assembly resolution 53/___ on international cooperation to reduce the impact of the El Niño phenomenon (A/53/609/Add.6, para. 18, draft resolution I)c	0
It got to the point where it started to change the character of the city. 	1
(b) International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction	0
And you can go to any emergency room at any hospital, and you would see lying on gurneys young black and Latino men shot and dying. 	1
(a) Operational activities for development of the United Nations system	0
(b) Economic and technical cooperation among developing countries	0
And he said, "Don't do that again, Rev." 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on ways and means of ensuring effective preparations for the 10-year review of Agenda 21 (A/53/609/Add.1, para. 6)	0
A tragedy happened in Boston that brought a number of clergy together, and there was a small cadre of us who came to the realization that we had to come out of the four walls of our sanctuary and meet the youth where they were, and not try to figure out how to bring them in. 	1
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 91 (see A/53/606, para. 2).	0
I'm not saying that in all of you, there's a secret sexist or racist or ageist lurking within, waiting to get out. 	1
“11. Also reiterates the importance of maintaining the momentum towards increased trade liberalization, particularly as regards products of interest to developing countries, and of giving it attention in the work leading up to the third Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization; further liberalization should be sufficiently broad-based to respond to the range of interests and concerns of all members of the organization, particularly the developing countries, within the framework of the organization; in this regard, invites the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to provide analytical support and technical assistance to developing countries for their effective participation in multilateral trade negotiations and for formulating a positive agenda for future trade negotiations;	0
A son and his father are in a horrible car accident. 	1
“Supporting the current efforts being undertaken by the newly independent and developing landlocked States in Central Asia and their transit developing neighbours through relevant multilateral, bilateral and regional arrangements to address issues regarding the development of a viable transit infrastructure in the region,	0
And in organizations -- and this is kind of ironic -- in organizations that talk about merit being their primary value-driver in terms of who they hire, they were more likely to hire dudes and more likely to pay the guys more because apparently merit is a masculine quality. 	1
Welcoming the ministerial communiqué on market access: developments since the Uruguay Round, implications, opportunities and challenges, in particular for the developing countries and the least developed among them, in the context of globalization and liberalization, adopted by the Economic and Social Council on 8 July 1998, See Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 3 (A/53/3), chap. IV, para. 5.	0
If you were Middle Eastern -- Abdel-Magied -- you had to send out 64 percent, and if you're Italian, you're pretty lucky, you only have to send out 12 percent more. 	1
(c) Ensuring that the resort to anti-dumping duties, countervailing duties, phytosanitary and technical standards are subjected to effective multilateral surveillance so that such actions respect and are consistent with multilateral rules and obligations and are not used for protectionist purposes;	0
And as I've said before, we live in a world where we're looking for an ideal. 	1
13. Also reiterates that it is important that the momentum towards increased trade liberalization, particularly as regards products of interest to developing countries, be maintained and given attention in the work leading up to the third Ministerial Conference of the World Trade Organization: further liberalization should be sufficiently broad-based to respond to the range of interests and concerns of all members of the organization within the framework of the World Trade Organization; and, in this regard, invites the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development to provide analytical support and technical assistance to developing countries for their effective participation in multilateral trade negotiations and in their formulation of a positive agenda for future trade negotiations;	0
I challenge each and every one of you to mentor someone different. 	1
“Expressing concern that the financial crisis has seriously affected the growth and development prospects of least developed countries,	0
Compare than to just 2.6 billion dollars combined for organized crime, financial fraud, public corruption and all other types of traditional criminal activity. 	1
“Also expressing concern over the negative effects of the financial crisis on the international trading system, in particular the sharp reduction of commodity prices and its negative effects on the development prospect of developing countries,	0
I've spent years pouring through the case files of terrorism prosecutions in the United States, and I've come to the conclusion that the FBI is much better at creating terrorists than it is at catching terrorists. 	1
“9. Also stresses the need to consolidate the international and national financial systems through a more effective national, regional and international surveillance, based upon the improvement of the availability and transparency of information, as well as the strengthening of the role of the international financial institutions in the prevention, management and solution of financial crisis;	0
An informant can earn 100,000 dollars or more for every terrorism case they bring to the FBI. 	1
I want it to be hanging on the horizon so it lights these people, in all the potential glory that they could be presented. 	1
“(c) In line with Agenda 21 Report of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, Rio de Janeiro, 3–14 June 1992, vol.	0
So the moral being I have to learn to speak Goat as well as Daasanach. 	1
Reiterates the need to strengthen the role of the Common Fund for Commodities in cooperation with the International Trade Centre and the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, especially in directing its commodity development programmes more towards commodity sector diversification projects, as well as in promoting commodity market development in developing countries, with particular focus on the needs of least developed countries, and in exploring effective ways and means of using the resources of the First Account of the Common Fund;	0
I wanted to put these people on a pedestal. 	1
7. The Second Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft resolution:	0
Tell me. Tell me. Tell me. Tell me." Millions of questions for which, to be honest, I don't have the answers. 	1
2. Emphasizes the need for developing countries that are heavily dependent on primary commodities to continue to promote a domestic policy and an institutional environment that encourage diversification and liberalization of the trade and export sectors and enhance competitiveness;	0
And then eventually you're going to go to TEDGlobal. 	1
“Noting also that the evolving international debt strategy is designed to generate debt sustainability for developing countries and, in this connection, stressing the need for a full and swift implementation of those initiatives that will further assist developing countries, in particular the poorest and heavily indebted countries, especially in Africa, in their efforts to improve their debt situation in view of their high and unsustainable levels of total debt stock and servicing burdens,	0
14. Calls for the speedy and determined extension of the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt Initiative to more countries, and encourages all eligible countries to take policy measures needed to embark on the process as soon as possible so that all can be in process by the year 2000;	0
And I burst out in tears, because my father had only just died prior to this journey, and I didn't ever acknowledge him, I didn't ever appreciate him for the fact that I'm probably standing here today because of him. 	1
16. Also stresses the urgent need for effective mobilization of additional financial resources for the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Debt Initiative from both bilateral and multilateral creditors without affecting the support required for other development activities of developing countries and, in this regard, expresses its appreciation for contributions made by some bilateral donors to the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Trust Fund of the World Bank and the Enhanced Structural Adjustment Facility/Heavily Indebted Poor Countries Trust Fund of the International Monetary Fund, and urges other bilateral donors and invites other international financial institutions that have not yet finalized mechanisms for participation in the Initiative to do so as soon as possible, and calls upon bilateral and multilateral donors to contribute to the Highly Indebted Poor Countries Trust Fund to help the African Development Bank meet its share of Initiative costs;	0
24. Invites creditor countries, private banks and multilateral financial institutions, within their prerogatives, to continue the initiatives and efforts to address both the commercial debt problems of the least developed countries and the requests for continued mobilization of resources through the Debt-reduction Facility of the International Development Association in order to help least developed countries reduce their commercial debt;	0
I said, "What do you mean I'm in his eyes? It's a picture of the Nenets." 	1
35. Calls upon the international community, including the United Nations system, and invites the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as the private sector, to take appropriate measures and actions for the implementation of the commitments, agreements and decisions of the major United Nations conferences and summits organized since the beginning of the 1990s on development related to the question of the external debt problem of developing countries;	0
I'm not going to ask you to carry a goat, and I know you don't have any camels. 	1
He said, "There's something fascinating about science. 	1
“Reaffirming the principles and purposes of the Charter of the United Nations, particularly as regards the role of the United Nations in promoting international economic and social cooperation, including solutions of international economic, social and related problems,	0
From spectral lines, the composition of nebulae. 	1
“Emphasizing that the United Nations has a key role in fostering greater coherence, complementarity and coordination in economic policy-making at the global level,	0
And although I'm going to talk about work in my lab, this work is inspired by and indebted to a field. 	1
5. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.57, draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.20 was withdrawn by its sponsors.	0
It's plausibly a random sample from this population. 	1
Sustainable development and international economic cooperation	0
So in this next experiment, we're going to give babies just a tiny bit of statistical data supporting one hypothesis over the other, and we're going to see if babies can use that to make different decisions about what to do. 	1
“(d) Renewal of the dialogue on strengthening international economic cooperation for development through partnership;	0
Letter dated 5 February 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the Joint Declaration of the Bangladesh-India-Pakistan Business Summit, held at Dhaka on 15 January 1998 (A/53/69)	0
Letter dated 14 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ukraine to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/124)	0
On the vertical axis, you'll see the distribution of children's choices in each condition, and you'll see that the distribution of the choices children make depends on the evidence they observe. 	1
Letter dated 11 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Indonesia to the United Nations, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China, addressed to the Chairman of the Second Committee (A/53/664)	0
And maybe, as it tackles problems of scene understanding and natural language processing, to tell us something about human cognition. 	1
(a) Implementation of and follow-up to major consensus agreements on development	0
I think these are all important stories, and they have a lot to tell us about what it means to be human, but I want you to note that today I told you a very different story. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the preparations for the special session of the General Assembly for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development (A/53/407)	0
5. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.40, draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.12 was withdrawn by its sponsors.	0
I wanted to find out what actually matters most for startup success. 	1
3. Requests the Secretary-General, in consultation with all concerned organs and organizations of the United Nations system, including the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as other relevant international organizations, to submit to the General Assembly for consideration at its fifty-fourth session an analytical report containing a thorough evaluation of the implementation of the commitments and policies agreed upon in the Declaration and of the implementation of the Strategy, including the progress made and the constraints encountered therein;	0
I used to think that the idea was everything. 	1
(a) In the fifth preambular paragraph, the words “are able to maintain their internal and external financial stability” were replaced by the words “have been more capable of maintaining their internal and external financial stability”;	0
III. Recommendation of the Second Committee	0
And I looked across all 100 Idealab companies, and 100 non-Idealab companies to try and come up with something scientific about it. 	1
4. Requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session a report on the implementation of the present resolution.	0
I think business model makes sense to be that low because you can start out without a business model and add one later if your customers are demanding what you're creating. 	1
“3. Requests all States and relevant international organizations to communicate to the Secretary-General their views on the subject;	0
In fact, YouTube didn't even have a business model when it first started. 	1
2. Stresses that such dialogue should be conducted in response to the imperatives of mutual interests and benefits, genuine interdependence, shared responsibility and the partnership for achieving development as well as for improving the international economic environment so that it is conducive to such development, and that the United Nations system should reinforce its activities in order to facilitate such a dialogue in accordance with relevant resolutions of the General Assembly;	0
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.33 and 39).	0
Well as human beings, we have limited brain power. 	1
7. Requests the Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme, in his capacity as Convenor of the United Nations Development Group, to ensure the full involvement in the preparations for the Conference of United Nations resident coordinators and country teams in the least developed countries;	0
If it stops us from noticing the problems that are around us, well, that's bad. 	1
Report of the Second Committee The report of the Committee on this item will be issued in eight parts, under the symbol A/53/608 and Add.1–7.	0
Now, we've all been there, we just don't remember it. 	1
“3. Stresses the need for the effective participation of actors of civil society, particularly non-governmental organizations, in preparation for the special session, as well as the need to ensure appropriate arrangements, in accordance to the practice and experience gained at the International Conference on Population and Development, for their substantive contributions to and active involvement in the preparatory meetings and the special session, and invites the President of the General Assembly, in consultation with Member States, to propose to Member States appropriate modalities for their effective involvement in the special session;	0
Because it's easy to solve a problem that almost everyone sees. 	1
Recalling its resolutions 49/128 of 19 December 1994, 50/124 of 20 December 1995, 51/176 of 16 December 1996, and 52/188 of 18 December 1997 on the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development, Report of the International Conference on Population and Development, Cairo, 5–13 September 1994 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.95.XIII.18), chap. I, resolution 1, annex.	0
5. Decides that the thirty-third session of the Commission on Population and Development, meeting as the preparatory committee for the special session, shall be open-ended to allow the full participation of all States;	0
1. The Second Committee held a substantive debate on agenda item 93 (see A/53/608, para. 2).	0
But let me leave you with a few tips that I do, that we all can do, to fight habituation. 	1
1. Takes note of the note by the Secretary-General; A/53/321.	0
Every thermostat had started adding that feature. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on plans and projects for the sustainable development of small island developing States implemented, under implementation or envisaged for the period 1999–2003 by bilateral donors, United Nations organizations and regional and non-United Nations international organizations (A/53/358)	0
So, they can ask tons of questions and sometimes we find out we just don't have the right answers. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/53/516)	0
And so when they run into problems, they immediately try to solve them, and sometimes they find a better way, and that way really is better. 	1
Report of the Second Committee The report of the Committee on this item will be issued in seven parts, under the symbol A/53/609 and Add.1–6.	0
Our challenge is to get back there, to feel that frustration, to see those little details, to look broader, look closer, and to think younger so we can stay beginners. 	1
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the sub-item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.35 and 42).	0
For you, that could mean something else, something powerful. 	1
“Reaffirming that Agenda 21 remains the fundamental programme of action for achieving sustainable development, and that the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, adopted at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly, will enhance the full implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development,	0
is the fundamental programme of action for achieving sustainable development, and that the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21, Resolution S-19/2, annex. adopted at the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly, will enhance the full implementation of the outcome of the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development,	0
I clung to her again, as I had when I was a child, and I let go, and then I promised that I would call. 	1
3. The Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decision:	0
but a whopping 68 percent is for the purpose of creating the goods and delivering the services that most of us rely on every day, in sectors like agricultural work, domestic work and construction. 	1
“Noting that implementation of the Programme of Action has taken place primarily at the national and regional levels, and commending efforts by small island developing States in this regard,	0
All you have to do is take this young girl with you, say that she's your sister or your spouse. 	1
“13. Also requests the Secretary-General to submit to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session a report on actions taken to implement the present resolution and recommendations emanating from the special session for the review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action;	0
In case after case I've studied, employers have no problem calling on law enforcement to try and threaten or deport their striking trafficked workers. 	1
I'd like to add one more element to that. 	1
“8. Calls upon States parties to the Convention urgently to settle any arrears and pay their contributions in full and in a timely manner so as to ensure continuity in the cash flows required to finance ongoing work of the Conference of the Parties, the subsidiary bodies and the Convention secretariat;	0
They need solidarity, because they're behind some of the most exciting social justice movements out there today. 	1
(a) In operative paragraph 2, the word “concerning” was replaced with the word “on”; the word “programme” became “programmes”; and the word “adopted” was inserted after the word “approach”;	0
They were threatened with deportation, but they broke out of their work compound and they marched from New Orleans to Washington, D.C., to protest labor exploitation. 	1
They were scared from all the fighting and all the bullying. 	1
You see, Ashley was right, and not just about her school. 	1
Now, I know some of you have requested the book in pill form. 	1
“Underlining the need for all the United Nations training and research institutions to avoid duplication in their work,	0
13. In the light of the adoption of draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.44, draft resolution A/C.2/53/L.32 was withdrawn by its sponsors.	0
No, just in my day, they called it prostitution, not sex work. 	1
11. Invites the international community to make voluntary contributions to the University, including its research and training centres and programmes, and in particular to its Endowment Fund.	0
Lots of endurance, but never tenderness. 	1
Expressing its appreciation to the Governments and private institutions that have made or pledged financial and other contributions to the Institute,	0
Afghanistan, Algeria, Andorra, Angola, Antigua and Barbuda, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Bangladesh, Belarus, Belgium, Benin, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Brunei Darussalam, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Cameroon, Canada, Cape Verde, Chile, China, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cuba, Cyprus, Czech Republic, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, Denmark, Djibouti, Ecuador, Egypt, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Finland, France, Gabon, Germany, Ghana, Greece, Haiti, Hungary, Iceland, Indonesia, Iran (Islamic Republic of), Ireland, Italy, Jamaica, Japan, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kenya, Kuwait, Kyrgyzstan, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Latvia, Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malawi, Malaysia, Maldives, Mali, Malta, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Myanmar, Namibia, Nepal, Netherlands, New Zealand, Niger, Nigeria, Norway, Oman, Pakistan, Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Republic of Moldova, Romania, Russian Federation, Saint Lucia, San Marino, Saudi Arabia, Senegal, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Sri Lanka, Sweden, Syrian Arab Republic, Thailand, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Tunisia, Turkey, Uganda, Ukraine, United Arab Emirates, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United Republic of Tanzania, Uruguay, Vanuatu, Venezuela, Viet Nam, Yemen.	0
But I'm going to tell you that I feel paid. 	1
Expressing its concern at the exploitation by Israel, the occupying Power, of the natural resources of the occupied Palestinian territory, including Jerusalem, and other Arab territories occupied by Israel since 1967,	0
Right. Well, for me though, it was, as a girl, it started with me dad. 	1
Aware of the additional, detrimental economic and social impact of the Israeli settlements on Palestinian and other Arab natural resources, especially the confiscation of land and the forced diversion of water resources,	0
I mean, half the time, when he spoke to us, it was just a sort of tell us we were all useless rotten idiots and we had no morals, that type of thing. 	1
And I certainly didn't do myself any favors. 	1
1. Takes note of the report transmitted by the Secretary-General; A/53/163–E/1998/79, annex.	0
By the time I was 16, I had started messing about with this older fella, and he wanted it to be our little secret, and I did as I was told, didn't I, and when that got back to me dad, he had me sent straightaway to the convent. 	1
“Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General A/53/329. and the report of the United Nations Development Programme on overcoming human poverty,	0
So there's that shame piece we've heard about. 	1
“Expressing also its concern that financial and economic turmoil has aggravated the existing poverty and put a large number of people back to conditions of poverty in developing countries,	0
“5. Calls for concrete and concerted actions by the international community to create an enabling economic environment to assist developing countries to combat the negative impacts of globalization and marginalization and to reactivate the development process;	0
So this next subject was interviewed on the night of his bachelor party. 	1
8. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:	0
We've worked really hard to make that happen. 	1
Item 1. Report of the Economic and Social Council.	0
Our biggest challenge is that there are so many applications of this technology, my team and I realize that we can't build them all ourselves, so we've made this technology available so that other developers can get building and get creative. 	1
Implementation of the World Programme of Action for Youth to the Year 2000 and Beyond (odd years)	0
Along the ancient path of the Monongahela River, Braddock, Pennsylvania sits in the eastern region of Allegheny County, approximately nine miles outside of Pittsburgh. 	1
Update of the United Nations System-wide Action Plan on Drug Abuse Control (even years)	0
Grandma Ruby's stepfather Gramps was one of few black men to retire from Carnegie's mill with his pension. 	1
No one ever thinks of us as human because we are more ghost than flesh, because people fear that my gender expression is a trick, that it exists to be perverse, that it ensnares them without their consent, that my body is a feast for their eyes and hands and once they have fed off my queer, they'll regurgitate all the parts they did not like. 	1
Relevant chapters of the report of the Economic and Social Council on questions that do not fall within the purview of the other items on the agenda of the General Assembly allocated to the Third Committee	0
Which one was more important? Which role was more worth it? 	1
Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the World Conference of Ministers Responsible for Youth (Lisbon, 8–12 August 1998) (Economic and Social Council resolution 1997/55)f	0
There is no middle, there is no gray, just polarity. 	1
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugeesg	0
Her Spanish was great because she was from Mexico. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the International Covenants on Human Rights (resolution 52/116)	0
And a little bit later, they were joking around in the kitchen in Spanish, that had nothing to do with me, and that is duality. 	1
Report of the Secretary-General on the right to development (draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.58/Rev.1)	0
Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees	0
I break out into a sweat that is a combination of rage and humiliation, I feel like the entire store is staring at me, and I simultaneously feel invisible. 	1
I can live in duality, and I can hold two things. 	1
Recalling also the conceptual and operational frameworks for the International Year, A/50/114 and A/52/328.	0
Secondly, the successful groups gave roughly equal time to each other, so that no one voice dominated, but neither were there any passengers. 	1
Convinced of the need to implement the International Plan of Action on Ageing See Report of the World Assembly on Ageing, Vienna, 26 July–6 August 1982 (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.82.I.16), chap. VI.	0
And thirdly, the more successful groups had more women in them. 	1
Companies don't have ideas; only people do. 	1
What matters is the mortar, not just the bricks. 	1
(b) In operative paragraph 13, the words “drafting of international instruments” were replaced by the words “drafting of the main text of the convention, as well as of international instruments”.	0
Considering that, pursuant to its resolutions 415 (V) of 1 December 1950 and 46/152 of 18 December 1991, the Tenth United Nations Congress on the Prevention of Crime and the Treatment of Offenders is to be convened in the year 2000,	0
He gave the team air cover, and he listened to ensure that they honored their principles. 	1
(a) To take the necessary logistic steps, in collaboration with Member States and the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to mobilize the participation of interested partners in the preparations for the four workshops;	0
He was running out of air; the crowd watched in horror as he struggled and then passed out. 	1
(b) To ensure, in collaboration with Member States, a wide and effective programme of public information related to the preparations for the Tenth Congress, to the Congress itself and to the implementation of its conclusions;	0
When the lion finally did relax its jaws, the lion tamer just slumped to the ground, motionless. 	1
15. Also requests the Commission at its eighth session to prepare a draft declaration for submission to the Tenth Congress, taking into account the results of the regional preparatory meetings;	0
12. Requests the Secretary-General to convene a meeting of the ad hoc committee at Vienna from 18 to 29 January 1999 and to consider the possibility of convening a second meeting before the eighth session of the Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, if this proves necessary to advance the process;	0
Twice Bonica showed up to the O.R. with one eye so bruised, he couldn't see out of it. 	1
5. Invites Member States to take into account the Model Treaty in negotiating treaties at the bilateral, regional or multilateral level, as appropriate;	0
But if the injury had been treated, why would the alarm bell keep ringing? 	1
(c) To continue, taking into account the outcome of the special session, to include in its report on illicit traffic in drugs an updated assessment of worldwide trends in illicit traffic and transit in narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances, including methods and routes used, and to recommend ways and means of improving the capacity of States along those routes to deal with all aspects of the drug problem;	0
The better the technology gets, the less reliable the driver is going to get. 	1
4. Urges all Governments to provide the fullest possible financial and political support to the Programme by widening its donor base and increasing voluntary contributions, in particular general-purpose contributions, to enable it to continue, expand and strengthen its operational and technical cooperation activities;	0
So we're looking at this graph, and along the bottom is how often does the car apply the brakes when it shouldn't. 	1
There are now 17,000 less people dying every year in America. 	1
An account of the Committee’s discussion of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.3/53/SR.12–17 and 22 and 29).	0
But let's look at it from a different direction for a moment. 	1
7. At its 29th meeting, on 30 October, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.10 without a vote (see para. 18, draft resolution I).	0
Then we know where the car is in the moment, but we have to do better than that: we have to predict what's going to happen. 	1
Recalling the Convention for the Suppression of the Traffic in Persons and of the Exploitation of the Prostitution of Others, Resolution 317 (IV).	0
Now as our light is red, the cyclist's light has turned yellow already, and if you squint, you can see that in the imagery. 	1
6. Also encourages Member States to strengthen cooperation through information sharing of experience, best practices and lessons learned through, inter alia, consultation mechanisms, such as the regional consultation process organized in cooperation with the International Organization for Migration;	0
On this debate between driver-assisted and fully driverless -- I mean, there's a real debate going on out there right now. 	1
16. Urges Governments to strengthen national programmes to combat trafficking in women and girls through sustained bilateral, regional and international cooperation, taking into account innovative approaches and best practices, and invites Governments, United Nations bodies and organizations, intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations and the private sector to undertake collaborative and joint research and studies on traffic in women and girls that can serve as a basis for policy formulation or change;	0
I will never forget the excitement as we closed the coast. 	1
Reaffirming the obligation of all States to promote and protect human rights and fundamental freedoms as stated in the Charter of the United Nations, also reaffirming the obligations contained in later human rights instruments, in particular article 5 of the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women Resolution 34/180, annex. and article 24 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child, Resolution 44/25, annex. and mindful of article 2, subparagraph (a), of the Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women, Resolution 48/104.	0
So imagine how it felt just four years later to be sitting in a boardroom in front of someone who I knew could make that dream come true. 	1
Expressing concern at the great number of reports overdue and that continue to be overdue, in particular initial reports, which constitute an obstacle to the full implementation of the Convention,	0
That's what it's like in the Southern Ocean. 	1
It's entirely dependent on finite materials we only have once in the history of humanity. 	1
1. Welcomes the report of the Secretary-General and the recommendations contained therein, A/53/376. takes note of the statement on gender equality and mainstreaming in the work of the United Nations system adopted by the Administrative Committee on Coordination in March 1998, ACC/1998/4, para. 63. and requests the Secretary-General to report in 2000 to the Commission on the Status of Women, in its capacity as the preparatory committee for the high-level plenary review to appraise and assess the progress achieved in the implementation of the Nairobi Forward-looking Strategies for the Advancement of Women and the Beijing Platform for Action, to be convened by the General Assembly in the year 2000, on progress made to achieve the goals outlined in the statement;	0
I was fascinated by coal, fundamental to our global energy needs, but also very close to my family. 	1
13. Requests the Secretary-General to report on the implementation of the present resolution, including by providing statistics on the number and percentage of women in all organizational units and at all levels throughout the United Nations system and on the implementation of gender action plans, to the Commission on the Status of Women at its forty-third session and to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session.	0
In 2008, I picked up a scientific study looking at how many years we have of valuable materials to extract from the ground: copper, 61; tin, zinc, 40; silver, 29. 	1
31. Requests the Secretary-General, in keeping with Economic and Social Council resolution 1998/26, to ensure that a gender perspective is integral to all operational activities, is fully integrated into the triennial comprehensive policy review of those activities and that resident coordinators, in the execution of their mandates, fully incorporate a gender perspective, in particular into the coordinated follow-up to recent global United Nations conferences, fully utilizing all the expertise available in the United Nations system;	0
Ten years before he died, we built the first mobile phone. 	1
47. Requests the Secretary-General to report annually to the General Assembly, the Commission on the Status of Women and the Economic and Social Council, on follow-up to and progress in the implementation of the Beijing Declaration and Platform for Action;	0
But the basic thing is the scriptures are misinterpreted to keep men in an ascendant position. 	1
That is an all-pervasive problem, because men can exert that power and if an abusive husband or an employer, for instance, wants to cheat women, they can say that if women are not equal in the eyes of God, why should I treat them as equals myself? 	1
2. The Committee considered the item at its 42nd to 50th meetings, on 11 to 13 and 16 to 19 November 1998.	0
And since I left the White House, there's been an 800 percent increase in the number of women who are black who are in prison. 	1
(d) Report of the Secretary-General on assistance to refugees, returnees and displaced persons in Africa (A/53/328); A/53/620	0
Canada, Ireland, I've already said Sweden, France, and other countries are moving now towards this so-called Swedish model. 	1
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee	0
12. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session on the implementation of the present resolution and to give special attention to the girl-child refugee in his report.	0
And a person can't do that, but a machine can. 	1
14. Decides to continue examination of the question at its fifty-fourth session under the appropriate agenda item.	0
So we go to the machine and say, "Good morning, machine. 	1
Please find a way to tell the difference." 	1
and the report and conclusions of the Executive Committee of the Programme of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees on the work of its forty-ninth session, Ibid., Supplement No. 12A (A/53/12/Add.1).	0
There are two offensive and two defensive players, getting ready to do the pick-and-roll dance. 	1
3. Reaffirms the fundamental importance of the 1951 Convention United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 189, No. 2545. relating to the Status of Refugees, in particular their implementation in a manner fully compatible with the object and purpose of those instruments, notes with satisfaction that one hundred and thirty-six States are now parties to one or both instruments, and welcomes in this regard the decision by the High Commissioner to actively promote accessions to the 1951 Convention and the 1967 Protocol;	0
It would make our lives a lot easier, but it turns out movement is very messy. 	1
6. Emphasizes that refugee protection is primarily the responsibility of States, whose full and effective cooperation, action and political resolve are required to enable the Office of the High Commissioner to fulfil its mandated functions;	0
Coaches trust our ability of our machine to identify these variations. 	1
19. Notes that 1999 has been declared the International Year of Older Persons, and calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner to make renewed efforts to ensure that the rights, needs and dignity of elderly refugees are fully respected and addressed through appropriate programme activities;	0
So what we can do, again, using spatiotemporal features, we looked at every shot. 	1
7. Commends the Governments concerned for their sacrifices in providing assistance and protection to refugees, returnees and internally displaced persons and for their efforts to promote voluntary repatriation in safety and with dignity and other durable solutions;	0
Requests the Commission on Human Rights to pay particular attention to the human rights of the girl child”.	0
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.15, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 13, draft resolution I).	0
My uncle, my aunt, my brother or sister, cannot force me to marry. 	1
(b) In section I, operative paragraph 5, which had read:	0
These girls grew up under the same roof. 	1
They even contract HIV and AIDS and other sexually transmitted diseases. 	1
7. Urges States to enact and strictly enforce laws to ensure that marriage is entered into only with the free and full consent of the intending spouses, to enact and strictly enforce laws concerning the minimum legal age of consent and the minimum age for marriage and to raise the minimum age for marriage where necessary;	0
That was when I called other girls just like my sister, who have children, who have been in class but they have forgotten how to read and write. 	1
9. Urges States, educational institutions and the United Nations system to provide gender-sensitive training for school administrators, parents and all members of the school community;	0
11. Encourages Governments to consult and facilitate the active participation of children who have been victims of sexual exploitation or abuse in the development and implementation of strategies to protect children from all forms of sexual exploitation and abuse;	0
But perhaps the most beautiful of all trees of knowledge, at least for me, was created for the French encyclopedia by Diderot and d'Alembert in 1751. 	1
7. Invites the Special Representative to continue to include in his reports information on his field visits, including recommendations and, as appropriate, commitments obtained as well as follow-up to them;	0
And here, you can notice that this is a completely decentralized process -- there's no leader in this organization, it's a network. 	1
9. Recognizes that primary education is one of the main instruments to reintegrate child workers, and calls upon all States to recognize the right to education by making primary education compulsory and to ensure that all children have access to free primary education as a key strategy to prevent child labour;	0
It is a computer-generated map of a social network. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Hassan Kassem Najem (Lebanon)	0
The same way that we hope people are interested in knowing us. 	1
(d) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the International Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Racial Discrimination (A/53/256);	0
(g) Letter dated 9 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Panama to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the declarations adopted at the Twelfth Summit of Heads of State and Government of the Rio Group, held in Panama City on 4 and 5 September 1998 (A/53/489);	0
Saying the word God did not turn this volunteer into a Christian, but it did make her a much better listener of Christian women. 	1
Subsequently, Australia, Austria, Canada, Croatia, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Malta and the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
And while pregnant, I had never been asked how I was feeling so much in all my life. 	1
Noting with concern that racism and racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance may be aggravated by, inter alia, inequitable distribution of wealth, marginalization and social exclusion,	0
We were information sharing. We were crucial. 	1
12. Regrets the continued lack of interest, support and financial resources for the Third Decade and its related Programme of Action, reflected in the fact that very few of the activities planned for the period 1994–1998 were carried out;	0
In certain communities, we actually had to go as far as saying the International Human Rights Declaration, which you opposed because it wasn't written by religious scholars, well, those same principles are in our book. 	1
And I was just a little kid, so I didn't really understand why, but as I got older, I realized we had drug addiction in my family, including later cocaine addiction. 	1
38. Also decides to keep the item entitled “Elimination of racism and racial discrimination” in its agenda and to consider it as a matter of high priority at its fifty-fourth session.	0
We think, because there are chemical hooks in heroin, as you took it for a while, your body would become dependent on those hooks, you'd start to physically need them, and at the end of those 20 days, you'd all be heroin addicts. Right? 	1
14. Recognizes that Governments should implement and enforce appropriate and effective legislation to prevent acts of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance;	0
Now, if you believe the story about chemical hooks, that makes absolutely no sense, but Professor Alexander began to think there might be a different story about addiction. 	1
(c) Letter dated 27 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/131–S/1998/435);	0
Human beings have a natural and innate need to bond, and when we're happy and healthy, we'll bond and connect with each other, but if you can't do that, because you're traumatized or isolated or beaten down by life, you will bond with something that will give you some sense of relief. 	1
Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Italy, Japan, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, United States of America.	0
And a core part of addiction, I came to think, and I believe the evidence suggests, is about not being able to bear to be present in your life. 	1
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the right of peoples to self-determination, A/53/280.	0
Overdose is massively down, HIV is massively down among addicts. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Hassan Kassem Najem (Lebanon)	0
At the time I made this picture, Stacey was working as an attorney for the State of Texas. 	1
Note by the Secretary-General, transmitting the report of the ninth meeting of persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies, convened at Geneva from 25 to 27 February 1998 (A/53/125)	0
Alec said he saw several women give their phone numbers to him. 	1
Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Qatar to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the final communiqué of the twenty-fifth session of the Islamic Conference of Foreign Ministers, held at Doha from 15 to 17 March 1998 (A/53/95–S/1998/311)	0
AS: Now, the most beautiful thing to me --  -- as a photographer is the quality of vulnerability. 	1
(b) Human rights questions, including alternative approaches for improving the effective enjoyment of human rights and fundamental freedoms	0
At this date-a-thon event, I saw so many examples of that, but as I watched Stacey's dates and talked to her about them, I realized how different photographic love is from real love. 	1
Note by the Secretary-General on the Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda (A/53/367)	0
AS: They all had this beautiful quality of endurance, but that was true of the singles, too. 	1
Letter dated 13 March 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Bulgaria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the joint declaration of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of countries of south-eastern Europe concerning the situation in Kosovo, adopted at Sofia on 10 March 1998 (A/53/84–S/1998/234)	0
(e) Report of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights	0
(e) Report of the Secretary-General on the status of the United Nations Voluntary Trust Fund on Contemporary Forms of Slavery; A/53/339.	0
Insects seem like they do everything that people do. 	1
(j) Note by the Secretary-General on the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo; A/53/365.	0
Now, I will maintain. and I think I can defend, what may seem like a surprising statement. 	1
“18. Also reiterates its concern about the large number of overdue reports under the United Nations instruments on human rights, and again urges States parties to make every effort to meet their reporting obligations;	0
And what I think we've done, is use males, in any species, as though they are the model system. 	1
They have little, tiny brains with very little cognitive ability, the way we normally think of it. 	1
“31. Requests the Secretary-General to report to the General Assembly at its fifty-fifth session on measures taken to implement the present resolution, on obstacles to its implementation and on measures taken or planned to ensure financing and adequate staff and information resources for the effective operation of the human rights treaty bodies;	0
I really love that it's difficult to anthropomorphize insects, to look at them and just think of them like they're little people in exoskeletons, with six legs. 	1
Subsequently, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia and France joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
He knew before he arrived that the foundation was going to be live-streaming his event, but what he didn't know until he turned up, was that they'd erected a giant screen Twitter feed right next to his head. 	1
Bearing in mind the principles and norms established within the framework of the International Labour Organization and the importance of the work done in connection with migrant workers and members of their families in other specialized agencies and in various organs of the United Nations,	0
She was a PR woman from New York with 170 Twitter followers, and she'd Tweet little acerbic jokes to them, like this one on a plane from New York to London: [Weird German Dude: You're in first class. It's 2014. Get some deodorant." 	1
Aware of the situation of migrant workers and members of their families and the marked increase in migratory movements that has occurred, especially in certain parts of the world,	0
(c) Promoting greater efficiency and effectiveness through better coordination of the activities of the United Nations bodies active in the field of human rights, taking into account the need to avoid unnecessary duplication and overlapping of their mandates and tasks;	0
Concerned that lack of adequate resources should not impede the effective functioning of the human rights treaty bodies, including in regard to their ability to work in the applicable working languages,	0
That month, between December the 20th and the end of December, her name was Googled 1,220,000 times. 	1
6. Emphasizes the need to ensure financing and adequate staff and information resources for the operations of the human rights treaty bodies, and, with this in mind:	0
Justine was really uniting a lot of disparate groups that night, from philanthropists to "rape the bitch." 	1
20. Also reiterates its concern about the large number of overdue reports under the United Nations instruments on human rights, and again urges States parties to make every effort to meet their reporting obligations;	0
And if you want to know what it looks like to discover that you've just been torn to shreds because of a misconstrued liberal joke, not by trolls, but by nice people like us, this is what it looks like: [... She's decided to wear sunnies as a disguise.] So why did we do it? 	1
25. Welcomes the contribution to the work of the human rights treaty bodies made by the specialized agencies and other United Nations bodies, and invites the specialized agencies, other United Nations bodies and the treaty bodies to continue to pursue further cooperation between them;	0
Mindful of the proclamation by the General Assembly in its resolution 52/149 of 12 December 1997 of 26 June as United Nations International Day in Support of Victims of Torture,	0
It's becoming a devalued term, and it's making us lose our capacity for empathy and for distinguishing between serious and unserious transgressions. 	1
13. Stresses the need for regular exchanges of views between the Committee, the Special Rapporteur and other relevant United Nations mechanisms and bodies, as well as for the pursuance of cooperation with relevant United Nations programmes, notably the programme on crime prevention and criminal justice, with a view to enhancing further their effectiveness and cooperation on issues relating to torture, inter alia, by improving their coordination;	0
21. Invites donor and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral programmes and projects relating to the training of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel and police personnel, as well as health-care personnel, matters relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture and to keep in mind a gender perspective;	0
Jon Ronson: You know, I think the very best thing we can do, if you see a kind of unfair or an ambiguous shaming, is to speak up, because I think the worst thing that happened to Justine was that nobody supported her -- like, everyone was against her, and that is profoundly traumatizing, to be told by tens of thousands of people that you need to get out. 	1
Armenia, Azerbaijan, Cyprus, Jordan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Malta, Marshall Islands, Ukraine, Uzbekistan.	0
In Western cultures, when you have cancer, it's as if you disappear in a way. 	1
And you wonder, "What have I done to deserve this?" 	1
Subsequently, the Comoros, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Egypt, Equatorial Guinea, Eritrea, Indonesia, Liberia, Malawi, Mauritania, Nigeria, Senegal, Tunisia and Uganda joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
I was determined to change my relationship with the cancer and I was determined to learn more about my cancer before doing anything as drastic as a surgery. 	1
36. At its 50th meeting, on 19 November, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.49 without a vote (see para. 49, draft resolution XIII).	0
I have completely changed my life and my lifestyle. 	1
38. At the 48th meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Namibia, on behalf of Australia, Austria, Bangladesh, Belarus, Benin, Bolivia, Botswana, Burundi, Canada, Chile, Costa Rica, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Ecuador, Ethiopia, Greece, Guatemala, Guinea, Israel, Italy, Japan, Lesotho, Liberia, Mali, Mongolia, Morocco, Mozambique, Namibia, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Panama, Paraguay, the Philippines, the Republic of Korea, the Russian Federation, Slovenia, Solomon Islands, South Africa, the former Yugoslav Republic of Macedonia, Togo, Ukraine, the United States of America, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution, entitled “United Nations Decade for Human Rights Education, 1995–2004, and public information activities in the field of human rights” (A/C.3/53/L.50).	0
And right before the operation, we were able to discuss the functional map of my brain with the doctor, to understand which risks I was running into and if there were any I wanted to avoid. 	1
“Noting with concern that, in this regard, while a number of positive results have been achieved, the overall trends with respect to sustainable development are worse today than they were in 1992,	0
It was a universal call for peace, tolerance, and acceptance coming from the side that we don't usually portray in a good way in the media. 	1
“Reaffirming that lasting progress towards the implementation of the right to development requires effective development policies at the national level, as well as equitable economic relations and a favourable economic environment at the international level,	0
The universality of the message, the political context of Tunisia at this time, and the fact that I was writing Quran in a graffiti way were not insignificant. 	1
“Recognizing that the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development Resolution 41/128, annex. requires effective development policies and support at the international level through the effective contribution of States, organs and organizations of the United Nations system and non-governmental organizations active in this field,	0
(b) In operative paragraph 4, the words “and reaffirms that the human person is the central subject of development” were inserted at the end of the paragraph;	0
They immediately call Rand McNally, and they say, "We've caught you! We made Agloe, New York, up. 	1
Elimination of all forms of religious intolerance	0
2. Urges States to ensure that their constitutional and legal systems provide effective guarantees of freedom of thought, conscience, religion and belief, including the provision of effective remedies in cases where the right to freedom of religion or belief is violated;	0
And so I started to learn, because learning was cool. 	1
18. Decides to consider the question of the elimination of all forms of religious intolerance at its fifty-fourth session under the item entitled “Human rights questions”.	0
There were more things that might happen, more futures I might have. 	1
pursuant to Commission on Human Rights resolution 1995/45 of 3 March 1995, See Official Records of the Economic and Social Council, 1995, Supplement No. 3 and corrigenda (E/1995/23 and Corr.1 and 2), chap. II, sect. A. and the report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of Assembly resolution 52/120, A/53/293 and Add.1.	0
I might know the idea of opportunity cost, but I didn't know the law of diminishing returns. 	1
1. Urges all States to refrain from adopting or implementing any unilateral measures not in accordance with international law and the Charter of the United Nations, in particular those of a coercive nature with all their extraterritorial effects, which create obstacles to trade relations among States, thus impeding the full realization of the rights set forth in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights Resolution 217 A (III). and other international human rights instruments, in particular the right of individuals and peoples to development;	0
 And for the first time since high school, I found myself without a learning community, and it was miserable. 	1
Reaffirming the importance of the observance of the purposes and principles of the Charter of the United Nations for the promotion and protection of all human rights and fundamental freedoms for all persons in all countries in the world,	0
But even so, the assassination led Austria to issue an ultimatum to Serbia, whereupon Serbia accepted some, but not all, of Austria's demands, leading Austria to declare war against Serbia. 	1
And I know that we all hearken back to the days of the Parisian salon in the Enlightenment, or to the Algonquin Round Table, and wish, "Oh, I wish I could have been a part of that, I wish I could have laughed at Dorothy Parker's jokes." 	1
Everyone has the right, individually and in association with others, to develop and discuss new human rights ideas and principles, and to advocate their acceptance.	0
There's this quote by activist and punk rock musician Jello Biafra that I love. 	1
Everyone has the right, individually and in association with others, to the lawful exercise of his or her occupation or profession.	0
I remember when I was a boy in school, my teacher assigned us this classic civics assignment where you take a sheet of paper and you write a member of your government. 	1
Everyone who, as a result of his or her profession, can affect the human dignity, human rights and fundamental freedoms of others should respect those rights and freedoms and comply with relevant national and international standards of occupational and professional conduct or ethics.	0
And we were told, if we wrote a really good letter, if we really thought about it, we would get back more than just a simple formed letter as a reply. 	1
(b) Full and equal access to international documents in the field of human rights, including the State’s periodic reports to the bodies established by the international human rights treaties to which it is a party, as well as the summary records of discussions and the official reports of these bodies.	0
1. Requests the Secretary-General, through his Special Representative for human rights in Cambodia, in collaboration with the office in Cambodia of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, to assist the Government of Cambodia in ensuring the protection of the human rights of all people in Cambodia and to ensure adequate resources for the continued functioning in Cambodia of the Office of the High Commissioner and to enable the Special Representative to continue to fulfil his tasks expeditiously;	0
The most important thing to know about prehistoric humans is that they were unimportant. 	1
6. Also welcomes the role of the United Nations in monitoring the return and full resumption of political activities by political leaders in the period leading up to, during and immediately after the elections;	0
10. Expresses grave concern about numerous instances of violations of human rights, including extrajudicial executions, torture, illegal arrests and detention, and violence in relation to political activities, as detailed in the reports of the Special Representative, including those of March 1997 and July 1997 and during the recent election campaign and its immediate aftermath, and calls upon the Government of Cambodia to investigate urgently and prosecute, in accordance with due process of the law and international standards relating to human rights, all those who have perpetrated human rights violations;	0
And this is not something wrong with me personally. 	1
21. Urges the Government of Cambodia to take all appropriate measures to eliminate discrimination against women, including in the political and public life of the country, to combat violence against women in all its forms and to take all steps to meet its obligations as a party to the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, Resolution 34/180, annex. including by seeking technical assistance;	0
Recalling its resolution 47/134 of 18 December 1992, in which it reaffirmed that extreme poverty and exclusion from society constituted a violation of human dignity and stressed the need for a complete and in-depth study of extreme poverty, based on the experience and the thoughts of the poorest,	0
In contrast, humans normally gather there in tens of thousands, and what we get is not chaos, usually. 	1
1. Strongly condemns once again all the extrajudicial, summary or arbitrary executions that continue to take place throughout the world;	0
A chimpanzee may say, "Look! There's a lion, let's run away!" 	1
You can never convince a chimpanzee to give you a banana by promising him, "... after you die, you'll go to chimpanzee heaven ..." 	1
14. Again requests the Secretary-General to continue to use his best endeavours in cases where the minimum standard of legal safeguards provided for in articles 6, 9, 14 and 15 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights appears not to have been respected;	0
Strengthening of United Nations actions in the human rights field through the promotion of international cooperation and the importance of non-selectivity, impartiality and objectivity	0
Chimpanzees trade, of course: "Yes, you give me a coconut, I'll give you a banana." 	1
3. Calls upon all Member States to base their activities for the protection and promotion of human rights, including the development of further international cooperation in this field, on the Charter of the United Nations, the Universal Declaration of Human Rights,66 the International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights,67 the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights,67 and other relevant international instruments, and to refrain from activities that are inconsistent with that international framework;	0
5. Once again urges the Governments concerned to take steps to protect the families of disappeared persons against any intimidation or ill-treatment to which they might be subjected;	0
One possibility is this creation of a new massive class of useless people. 	1
8. Notes the action taken by non-governmental organizations to encourage implementation of the Declaration, and invites them to continue to facilitate its dissemination and to contribute to the work of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities;	0
One venture capitalist, for example, invited me to golf in his private club that had no minority members. 	1
Reaffirming its commitment to promoting international cooperation, as set forth in the Charter of the United Nations, in particular paragraph 3 of Article 1, as well as relevant provisions of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action adopted by the World Conference on Human Rights on 25 June 1993 A/CONF.157/24 (Part I), chap. III. for enhancing genuine cooperation among Member States in the field of human rights,	0
The reality is that many white Americans are affable and kind. 	1
Stressing the importance of creating an economic, political, social, cultural and legal environment that will enable people to achieve social development at the national and international levels,	0
In looking at this, the danger of Whitopia is that the more segregation we have, the less we can look at and confront conscious and unconscious bias. 	1
5. Reaffirms that democracy, development and respect for all human rights and fundamental freedoms, including the right to development, are interdependent and mutually reinforcing, and in this context affirms that:	0
I am a bit more primitive, like a beta version of Google Translate. 	1
That's why people often confuse me with a GPS. 	1
15. Also welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights towards the promotion and realization of the right to development, and invites her to explore further ways and means to achieve this objective;	0
 There's a reason for this, as there is a reason that Waldo is hiding. 	1
(d) To project the role and importance of the right to development as part of the overall promotion and protection of human rights;	0
“Bearing in mind the need to support Rwanda in its efforts to promote and create a national human rights capacity on a long-term and sustainable basis,	0
This technology could play an integral role in helping people with autistic spectrum disorder, or ASD. 	1
“6. Deeply regrets that, despite the continued efforts of the High Commissioner for Human Rights no agreement could be reached between the Government of Rwanda and the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights on a new mandate for the Human Rights Field Operation in Rwanda, which consequently led to the withdrawal of the Field Operation from Rwanda on 28 July 1998;	0
My goal is to shift people's perspective of autism and people with higher-functioning Asperger's because there is a lot they can do. 	1
Subsequently, Chile, Estonia and the Marshall Islands joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
And in their eyes, I was no longer their equal. 	1
And that's when the emails started pouring in, sometimes as many as a thousand a day. 	1
25. At the same meeting, a statement was made by the representative of the Democratic Republic of the Congo (see A/C.3/53/SR.48).	0
 Personal impact stories such as these show that we are tapping into something within men, but getting to a world where women and men are equal is not just a matter of bringing men to the cause. 	1
(d) Operative paragraph 3, which had read:	0
Already, a number of prominent men and leaders have stepped up and made some concrete HeForShe commitments. 	1
“3. Expresses its concern at the deterioration of the situation of human rights in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, aggravated by the ongoing conflict in the country and the continuing violations of human rights and international humanitarian law committed in the territory of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, in particular cases of summary and arbitrary execution, disappearances, torture, beatings, arbitrary arrest and detention without trial, sexual violence against women and children and the use of child soldiers”;	0
In Japan, the University of Nagoya is building, as part of their HeForShe commitments, what will become one of Japan's leading gender-research centers. 	1
Subsequently, New Zealand, and the United Arab Emirates joined in sponsoring the draft resolution.	0
We live in a dangerous time in a dangerous world, and there really are bad people out there. 	1
27. Strongly urges the impartial application of the law by the Republic of Croatia and the swift and complete implementation of judicial decisions for all citizens, irrespective of ethnicity, religion or political affiliation;	0
Well, the only theory in town -- we don't know if it's the correct theory, but the only theory in town -- is that it does it via something called quantum entanglement. 	1
31. Calls upon the authorities of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) to end any torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment of persons in detention, as described in the report of the Special Rapporteur on the situation of human rights in Bosnia and Herzegovina, the Republic of Croatia and the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro), A/53/322 and Add.1. and to bring those responsible to justice;	0
 So if Einstein doesn't like it, then we can all be uncomfortable with it. 	1
39. Demands that the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) take immediate steps to allow for and to create conditions for the return of internally displaced persons and refugees in safety and dignity;	0
It's an extreme form of dengue fever, a mosquito-born disease which also does not have an effective therapy or a vaccine, and kills 22,000 people each year. 	1
As for measles, so much in the news recently, the death toll is actually tenfold higher. 	1
We fear the certain inevitability that comes with Ebola. 	1
7. Urges the authorities of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (Serbia and Montenegro) and the Kosovo Albanian leadership to enter immediately into a meaningful dialogue, without preconditions and with international involvement, and to commit themselves both to a clear timetable, leading to an end of the crisis, and to a negotiated political settlement of the issue of Kosovo, and welcomes the current efforts aimed at facilitating such a dialogue;	0
(e) To respect fully all the rights of individuals in Kosovo, whatever their ethnic, cultural or religious backgrounds, so as to guarantee equitable treatment of their values and historic patrimony and so as to preserve and permit expression of their national, cultural, religious and linguistic identities in accordance with international standards and the Helsinki Final Act;	0
Well, partially, because it was really difficult -- or thought to be difficult -- to weaponize the virus, but mainly because of the financial risk in developing it. 	1
(b) To repeal those legal measures used to discriminate against ethnic Albanians, including repressive laws on universities;	0
The first is to recognize when there's a complete market failure. 	1
Situation of human rights in Afghanistan	0
Two and a half million people will be permanently disabled or displaced, and the communities will take 20 to 30 years to recover and billions of economic losses. 	1
(b) The continuing and substantiated reports of human rights violations against women and girls, including all forms of discrimination against them, notably in areas under the control of the Taliban;	0
Being able to see damage from angles you can't get from binoculars on the ground or from a satellite image, or anything flying at a higher angle. 	1
(b) To respect fully international humanitarian law, to protect civilians, to halt the use of weapons against the civilian population, to stop the laying of landmines, especially anti-personnel mines, to stop forced conscription and the drafting and recruitment of children as soldiers and to ensure their reintegration into society;	0
So they needed to understand what was going on. 	1
Unmanned ground vehicles are particularly small, so Bujold --  Say hello to Bujold. 	1
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.3/53/L.65	0
It was so hot, on one of the robots, the tracks began to melt and come off. 	1
Recalling that the Economic and Social Council devoted the coordination segment of its substantive session of 1998 to the question of the coordinated follow-up to and implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action by the United Nations system,	0
The problem becomes: who gets what data when? 	1
There will be a survey telescope that will be scanning the sky every few nights. 	1
7. At the same meeting, the Committee adopted draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.17, as orally revised, without a vote (see para. 9).	0
So, essentially the size of this entire auditorium. 	1
4. Calls upon all States parties to the additional Protocols to ensure their wide dissemination and full implementation;	0
So we're looking now at the deepest image of the cosmos that's ever been taken. 	1
So the farther back we look in space, the further back we see in time. 	1
(f) Letter dated 16 September 1998 from the Permanent Representative of the Islamic Republic of Iran addressed to the Secretary-General (A/53/405).	0
And until 1995, we didn't even know the existence of any other planets, other than going around our own sun. 	1
Expressing sympathy for the victims of such illegal acts,	0
But if we were to turn the Giant Magellan Telescope, all 80-feet diameter that we see in this auditorium, and point it 200 miles away, if I were standing in São Paulo, we could resolve the face of this coin. 	1
II. Consideration of draft resolution A/C.6/53/L.19/Rev.1	0
So, keep your eyes on those bright images again. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Rytis Paulauskas (Lithuania)	0
You will find political activism blogs. 	1
Expressing its gratitude to the rapporteurs and all organizations, groups and individuals who contributed to the discussion of the centennial themes,	0
Bearing in mind the progress report A/C.6/53/10, annex. and the agenda A/C.6/53/11, annex..	0
 I don't know why he had a posh English accent, but I assume he did. 	1
Well, on the one hand, that means there are more drugs, more available, more easily, to more people. 	1
3. Encourages the competent organs, subsidiary organs, programmes and specialized agencies of the United Nations, including the International Court of Justice, the International Law Commission and the Secretariat, within their respective competencies, as well as other international organizations, non-governmental organizations, groups and individuals, as appropriate:	0
Now, as I said, you've got to be creative and innovative to survive in this marketplace. 	1
Recalling also that the main purposes of the Decade, according to its resolution 44/23, should be, inter alia:	0
1. Expresses its appreciation for the work done on the United Nations Decade of International Law at the fifty-third session of the General Assembly, and requests the Working Group of the Sixth Committee to continue its work at the fifty-fourth session in accordance with its mandate and methods of work;	0
7. Encourages States to consider ratifying or acceding to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations,6 international organizations that have signed the Convention to deposit an act of formal confirmation of the Convention and other international organizations entitled to do so to accede to it at an early date;	0
And the reason it's the future is because we're all worried about our privacy. 	1
(a) Sovereign equality of all States, notwithstanding differences of an economic, social, political or other nature;	0
It's good news if you care about freedom. 	1
6. At the 34th meeting, on 19 November, the representative of Lesotho orally revised the draft resolution by inserting a new operative paragraph 9 which read:	0
But then, I was 29 years old at this time, and some kid came around and said he was a stringer from Newsweek magazine and he wanted to interview me and ask what I was doing about my views. 	1
The views of the representatives who spoke during the Committee’s consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.6/53/SR.3, 4 and 26).	0
But so often it comes back to save the day. 	1
6. At the 26th meeeting, on 11 November, the representative of Austria, on behalf of Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Myanmar, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the Russian Federation, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, the Sudan, Sweden, Thailand, Turkey, Uganda, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-first session” (A/C.6/53/L.7).	0
Mindful of the valuable contribution to be rendered by the Commission within the framework of the United Nations Decade of International Law, in particular as regards the dissemination of international trade law,	0
Here's a different way of doing it -- these are triangles covering -- this has 12 vertices and 30 edges and 20 faces, 20 tiles. 	1
Having considered the report of the Committee on Relations with the Host Country, Ibid.	0
How on earth could you trade looking at that, and see something that wasn't just random? 	1
7. At the 32nd meeting, on 17 November, the representative of Egypt orally revised operative paragraph 3 to read:	0
We hire astronomers and physicists and things like that. 	1
“3. Decides that the Special Committee will hold its next session from 12 to 23 April 1999;”	0
I don't think we should worry about it too much. 	1
“(h) The reports of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the provisions of the Charter related to assistance to third States affected by the application of sanctions under Chapter VII of the Charter; A/50/361, A/51/317 and A/52/308.	0
III. Recommendations of the Sixth Committee	0
So what's pictured there is a star in formation. 	1
But on the other hand, given all this organic dust that's floating around, we could have lots of friends out there. 	1
So thank you for your amazing life, and for coming here to TED. 	1
Stressing also, in this context, the powers of the Security Council under Chapter VII of the Charter and the Council’s primary responsibility under Article 24 of the Charter for the maintenance of international peace and security in order to ensure prompt and effective action by the United Nations,	0
There is certainly no other earthly reason to do what they do except for pay. 	1
Having examined the report of the Secretary-General, A/53/314 and Corr.2 and Add.1.	0
Now, the American health care system has more than its fair share of dysfunction -- to match its brilliance, to be sure. 	1
4. At the 26th meeting, on 11 November, the representative of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland introduced a draft decision entitled “Review of the statute of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal” (A/C.6/53/L.10).	0
Making the system sensitive to this fundamental distinction between necessary and unnecessary suffering gives us our first of three design cues for the day. 	1
1. The tenth meeting of the United Nations Standing Advisory Committee on Security Questions in Central Africa was held at Yaoundé from 26 to 30 October 1998.	0
Many did, but he went for it, while he still could. 	1
The Committee expressed its gratification at the dynamism and efficiency with which the outgoing Bureau had discharged its mandate.	0
19. The Committee noted with satisfaction that the International Court of Justice had declared itself competent to hear the dispute.	0
She wants to start smoking again -- and French cigarettes, if you please. 	1
Restructuring of the Central African armed forces was still under way;	0
In that connection, they recommended that their representatives in the various international bodies should consult one another on an ongoing basis in order to harmonize their positions on issues of common interest.	0
And the other problems came from the fact that in Washington and in many capitals right now, we're in a creativity crisis. 	1
They underscored their great concern at the situation which continued to cause the loss of many human lives, and also substantial material damage and indescribable suffering to the population, inter alia, to refugees and displaced persons.	0
When you sit in a room with a small group of people making decisions, what do you get? 	1
Today we have a crisis because, because of 9/11, we are still looking in the wrong direction, and we know because we see transformational trends on the horizon that are far more important than what we saw on 9/11; far more important than the threat posed by these terrorists; far more important even than the instability that we've got in some areas of the world that are racked by instability today. 	1
They welcomed the significant progress made by the Central African Government in implementing the Bangui Agreements and the launching of major political and economic reforms.	0
They would have a small computer connected to the Internet in their pocket. 	1
to the Secretary-General I have the honour to refer to the statements made by Greek Cypriot representatives at the meeting of the Sixth Committee on 22 October 1998, under agenda item 153, entitled "Establishment of an international criminal court", in which unfounded allegations were made with a view to distorting the nature of the Cyprus question.	0
When a cafe in Sydney was taken over by a terrorist, he went in with a rifle... 	1
It's broken down because in Washington, less government is considered more. 	1
Noting that decision 51/408 also called for the Secretary-General to produce a first report on the use of retired personnel covering the period from 1 January 1995 to 31 December 1997, OIOS decided to focus the audit on the employment of such personnel during this three-year period and a sample of 165 recruitment cases were reviewed in detail.	0
So we were only in our third year of having a tour where we could actually play, have a place to compete and make a living. 	1
(a) Revise administrative instruction ST/AI/213/Rev.1 to reflect the new policies and procedures that have been adopted since its issuance;	0
 So you can have a law, but it's changing the hearts and minds to match up with it. 	1
“(c) For conference and other short-term service under the 300 series of Staff Rules, provided that the period or periods of service under such an appointment do not exceed six months in any one period of 12 consecutive months.	0
So I was daydreaming at the Los Angeles Tennis Club, and I started thinking about my sport and how tiny it was, but also that everybody who played wore white shoes, white clothes, played with white balls -- everybody who played was white. 	1
However, this resource should only be utilized under the oversight and control of the Office of Human Resources Management, which must ensure that the conditions enumerated in paragraphs 3 and 4 of the Secretary-General’s report are strictly observed.”	0
And learn to stick up for yourself, hear your own voice. 	1
“(b) For service as technical assistance project personnel, under the 200 series of the Staff Rules;	0
You look at Pat, you look at other leaders, you look at these speakers, look at yourself, because everyone -- everyone -- can do something extraordinary. 	1
Need to update the administrative instruction on the employment of retired staff	0
They're problem-solvers, and of course, you've got the information at your fingertips, compared to when I was growing up. 	1
17. Based in part on the OIOS interpretation of the term “retirees” and of the existing directives on the employment of retirees, 165 cases of appointments at Headquarters were selected for detailed examination.	0
And they go, "Oh, Billie, they cannot focus." 	1
The following figures compiled by OIOS indicated that, since 1995, the extent of non-local hiring of retirees for conference services Secretariat-wide had decreased from year to year in relation to the total retired language staff employed.	0
He was rattling off -- I mean, that's amazing, I'm sorry. 	1
His combined 1996 United Nations income amounted to about $86,000.	0
PM: Billie, you have been an inspiration for us. 	1
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999	0
Money to buy the kids clothes as they were growing. 	1
Her mother felt hopeless and overwhelmed and alone because she knew that her daughter was not getting the support she needed, and she did not know how to help her. 	1
9. Bearing in mind the conditions enunciated by the General Assembly in its resolutions 35/218 and 46/185 A and the comments of the Advisory Committee, the Secretary-General took note of the arguments put forward by the President of the Tribunal.	0
As you walk in the door, Baakir greets you with a "Welcome black home." 	1
It was the view of the Secretary-General that the proposal to revise the rates of honorariums by 25 per cent, made in 1992, was still valid, and thus it was resubmitted to the Assembly for consideration at its forty-seventh session.	0
I have worked with young people who manifest hope and promise, despite being at the effect of racist discipline practices in their schools, and police violence in their communities. 	1
The Advisory Committee, in its eighth report on the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–19996 commented that it would be more appropriate if the question of the rate of honorariums were considered in the context of the Secretary-General’s comprehensive report on the issue to be submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session.	0
United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization	0
28. Honorariums are not paid to members of WMO organs and subsidiary organs.	0
Not directing -- not even empowering -- but just fueling their initiative. 	1
The Committee reviews reports of States parties submitted in accordance with article 18 of the Convention and formulates suggestions and general recommendations.	0
One of the women was white, and one was black. 	1
45. Initially, the Committee consisted of 10 experts acting in their personal capacity and nominated and elected by the States parties to the Convention for a term of four years.	0
Privilege is invisible to those who have it." 	1
The issue was deferred for further study.	0
The Assembly however, did approve a uniform system for the payment of honorariums to the recipients.	0
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-sixth Session, Supplement No. 7A (A/46/7/Add.1–16), document A/46/7/Add.8.	0
Not only that, their wives are healthier. 	1
2. On 11 August 1998, the Secretary-General drew the attention of the Permanent Representative of Israel to the United Nations to resolutions 52/57 to 52/63 of 10 December 1997, with the request that the Permanent Representative of Israel inform him by 11 September 1998 of any steps his Government had taken or envisaged taking in implementation of the relevant provisions of the resolutions.	0
And what we also know is we cannot fully empower women and girls unless we engage boys and men. 	1
“Israel’s position on these resolutions has been set forth in successive annual replies submitted to the Secretary-General in recent years, the latest of which being Israel’s note verbale of 28 July 1997.	0
And this was the first line of that article: "Feminism will make it possible for the first time for men to be free." 	1
The Secretary-General points out that only a real commitment by Member States to meet their obligations fully will overcome the financial problems of the Organization.	0
He has bought land in Fiji as an insurance policy, what he calls, "migration with dignity," because he knows that his people may have to leave their islands. 	1
So those who are suffering disproportionately don't drive cars, don't have electricity, don't consume very significantly, and yet they are feeling more and more the impacts of the changes in the climate, the changes that are preventing them from knowing how to grow food properly, and knowing how to look after their future. 	1
So we face an existential threat to the future of our planet. 	1
Cyprus to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
They actually could be able to live on their island and have a solution, but it would take a lot of political will. 	1
But the leaders of that time didn't flinch from this. 	1
During its consideration of the reports, the Committee met with the President, the Prosecutor and the Registrar of the International Tribunal and with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.	0
A Marshall Plan for Europe, a devastated Europe, to reconstruct it. 	1
Courtroom 2, which was funded by voluntary contributions received in 1997, became available for trials in May 1998 and courtroom 3 opened in July 1998, some six months earlier than initially anticipated.	0
The sustainable development goals are intended to help countries to live sustainably, in tune with Mother Earth, not to take out of Mother Earth and destroy ecosystems, but rather, to live in harmony with Mother Earth, by living under sustainable development. 	1
The justification for new posts in annex III to the budget document should avoid lengthy and repetitious descriptions of organizational units’ responsibilities and structures which have already been described in the main part of the report.	0
And somehow for me, it's captured in words of somebody that I admired very much. 	1
21. For the Investigation Division eight additional posts (4 P-3 and 4 P-2) are requested in the revised 1998 budget in order to conduct operations in Kosovo, as mandated by the Security Council in its resolution 1160 (1998).	0
I highly recommend it for sorting out what it is that you're naturally good at. 	1
30. For the Office of the Prosecutor, 104 additional posts are requested for 1999 (63 Professional and 41 General Service), including 27 posts requested in the revised 1998 budget.	0
The things that we have in our head that we think are impossible are often just milestones waiting to be accomplished if we can push those limits a bit. 	1
The Committee believes that the workload of nine cases and 500 courtroom days assumed for 1999 appears to be ambitious.	0
Turns out, the pep talk totally worked, and I felt this total feeling of calm, and I think it was because Jonathan was 13 years old. 	1
The latter amount is for indexing of documents seized under search warrant ($940,000), indexing of documents contained in the United Nations Peace Forces (UNPF) archives in Geneva ($141,000), temporary analysts for the Military Analyst Team and Leadership Research Team of the Investigations Division ($664,000) (A/C.5/53/13, para. 46).	0
43. The Advisory Committee notes that, in latter part of 1998, the Prosecutor has once again restructured the Prosecution Division.	0
And there is no bigger lifehack in the history of the world from getting where you are today to where you want to be than the people you choose to put in your corner. 	1
These were seized by the Office under search warrants, with the assistance of troops of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Stabilization Force (SFOR).	0
The Committee also sees no justification to request an additional P-2 post to coordinate and supervise the indexing work.	0
56. As indicated in paragraph 60 (a) of document A/C.5/53/13, provision for defence counsel in 1999 amounts to $14,200,000, as compared to an appropriation of $7,058,400 for 1998 (A/C.5/52/4, para. 73 (a)).	0
The Committee understands that the introduction of the new procedure of pre-trial court management may affect the number of estimated witnesses.	0
There is no reason why the two units (Witness Protection Unit and Witness Support Unit) cannot be supervised by one head of a single unit.	0
Discover that, live it, not just for you, but for everybody around you, because that is what starts to change the world. 	1
4 Professional (1 P-5, 2 P-4 and 1 P-2) and 2 General Service	0
And so it came as a huge relief to discover the sovereign state. 	1
The group should comprise judges, prosecution, trial and defence experts with sufficient experience in their professions to be able to evaluate a Tribunal of international character.	0
"All identity is experience," I thought. 	1
These are the places that shape my experience. 	1
What if we asked, instead of "Where are you from?" -- "Where are you a local?" 	1
ORIGINAL: ENGLISH GENERAL ASSEMBLY SECURITY COUNCIL	0
Then we have the scholar William Deresiewicz's writing of elite American colleges. 	1
It affirms the significance of UNRWA in other fields of operation outside of the Occupied Palestinian Territory as well as the continuation of all field offices, including the field office in Jerusalem.	0
But now we're backpedaling, because the more we come to learn about these sodden landscapes, the more secrets we're starting to unlock about interspecies relationships and the connectivity of habitats, watersheds and flyways. 	1
It is a matter of the discretion of these ladies and gentlemen whether they will use the approved visas or not and what public statements they will make, but they cannot claim that they have not been given Yugoslav visas.	0
I used a GPS to get here today, and this is my hometown. 	1
Under paragraph 1 (a) of General Assembly resolution 52/223, the Secretary-General authorized further commitments of $540,700 gross ($521,200 net).	0
And when I say Everglades, most people are like, "Oh, yeah, the national park." 	1
5. As indicated in paragraph 3 of the report of the Secretary-General, in order to meet the cost of the most immediate and essential start-up requirements relating to the establishment and operation of UNOMSIL, the Advisory Committee had concurred in the Secretary-General’s request to enter into commitments in an amount not exceeding $10,624,200 gross ($10,409,500 net) for a four-month period from 13 July to 13 November 1998 (see annex below).	0
So sure, the national park is the southern end of this system, but all the things that make it unique are these inputs that come in, the fresh water that starts 100 miles north. 	1
11. As indicated in paragraph 17 of the report, a status of mission Agreement was signed between the Government of Sierra Leone and the United Nations on 29 July 1998.	0
Ironically, today, it's also responsible for the over half a million acres of the endless river of sugarcane. 	1
It believes that the best way to carry out the necessary analysis would be “side by side” with the proposed programme budget in its current format.	0
My parents always said I had an unhealthy relationship with gators. 	1
The dimensions of this tragedy are threatening the region's future.	0
And as their numbers started rebounding, scientists began to pay attention, they started studying these birds. 	1
However, the impact of the disasters caused by Hurricane Mitch will require the region to make a concerted and extraordinary effort to preserve the progress already achieved and increase the pace of our economic and social development.	0
So these birds became the very icon of the Everglades -- an indicator species of the overall health of the system. 	1
There is a need to devise mechanisms for the prevention and mitigation of natural disasters, with the full participation of the communities involved.	0
It's a lot of fun, just do it -- put your feet in the water. 	1
Because if we can heal this system, it's going to become an icon for wetland restoration all over the world. 	1
During his visit, he held talks with the Chairman of the State Peace and Development Council (SPDC) and Prime Minister of the Union of Myanmar, Senior General Than Shwe; Secretary-1 of the SPDC, Lieutenant-General Khin Nyunt; and the Minister for Foreign Affairs, U Ohn Gyaw.	0
It's also a gift, and ultimately, our responsibility. 	1
The crowd on the day of Weidmann's execution was called "unruly" and "disgusting" by the press, but that was nothing compared to the untold thousands of people who could now study the action over and over again, freeze-framed in every detail. 	1
I wish to remind the Greek Cypriot representative that the only occupation in Cyprus is the 35-year-old usurpation and continued occupation by the Greek Cypriot side of the seat of government of the bi-national Republic of Cyprus established under the 1960 Treaties.	0
People had rented out windows and rooftops. 	1
1. The present report is submitted in pursuance of General Assembly resolution 52/65 of 10 December 1997, the operative part of which reads as follows:	0
This sense of separation -- from other people, from the event itself -- seems to be key to understanding our ability to watch, and there are several ways in which the Internet creates a sense of detachment that seems to erode individual moral responsibility. 	1
Our activities online are often contrasted with real life, as though the things we do online are somehow less real. 	1
The Committee was informed of instances where children were held by settlers for some time, in circumstances causing very great concern to parents.	0
While I was completing my education, my country was invaded by Russia. 	1
The situation is compounded by the fact that no schools have been constructed in Khan Younis, in the Gaza Strip, to accommodate the number of children so that children from the Al Mawasi area have to pass through settlements and military checkpoints on their way to and from school.	0
The housing shortage was particularly acute in East Jerusalem.	0
Only 5 per cent of the cases filed with courts by legal Arab house owners had been successful since 1967.	0
I went to his tent in the camp, and I asked him, "I want to make you a teacher." 	1
The situation was compounded by the fact that members of the Palestinian Bar were not allowed to speak and appear in Israeli courts.	0
And he looked at me, and he said, "Crazy woman, crazy woman, how do you think I can be a teacher?" 	1
The internal closures between parts of the Gaza Strip result from the closing of main roads located near Israeli settlements.	0
By the time I came to the office, of course my trainers were gone. 	1
The inhabitants of the Al Mawasi area near Khan Younis face particular difficulties in this respect since they are surrounded by land taken by Israeli settlements.	0
Three Palestinian workers with valid permits were killed by Israeli soldiers at a checkpoint near the city of Hebron on 10 March 1998.	0
But you know what happened to my country. 	1
101. The Special Committee was informed of the extremely long periods, sometimes several years, that Palestinians spent in administrative detention.	0
They were told to take me home and try to keep me comfortable until I died. 	1
Prisoners were also placed in administrative detention after completion of their regular prison sentences.	0
Meanwhile, my mind began knitting itself back together. 	1
The Special Committee, hearing testimony in 1998, was informed that there were between 100 and 250 Palestinian administrative detainees and more than 2,000 regular prisoners, including five women, in Israeli prisons and detention centres.	0
Your personality appears to vanish into a heavy fog and all of your emotions and desires are constricted, stifled and muted within you. 	1
These persons are imprisoned in regular facilities.	0
Some persons in solitary confinement were taken out for one hour with shackles on their feet and hands.	0
I remember once listening to Whitney Houston singing, "No matter what they take from me, they can't take away my dignity." 	1
A 14-year-old shepherd had been killed on the spot in the Tubas area near Jenin in the West Bank.	0
My existence was tortured by monotony, a reality that was often too much to bear. 	1
Intelligence files to which no access is possible	0
But as I began to communicate more, I realized that it was in fact only just the beginning of creating a new voice for myself. 	1
In addition to the economic burden this represents, the lack of communication between the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, which constitute a single territorial unit under the Oslo Accords, is giving rise to great expenditures by the Palestinian Authority.	0
I realized that some people would only listen to me if what I said was in line with what they expected. 	1
123. Witnesses told the Special Committee that farmers were forced to sell their produce well below cost price.	0
124. The policy pursued by the Israeli authorities that limits the number of workers from the occupied territories who are allowed to work in Israel is seen as one of the principal factors for the bad economic situation in the occupied Palestinian territories, in particular in the Gaza Strip.	0
However, I longed to share my life with someone. 	1
According to one witness, the Jerusalem municipal authorities had stopped repair work and had taken the decision to bring down a number of mosques in the city.	0
Over the last two decades, our government negotiators and policymakers have been coming together to discuss climate change, and they've been focused on avoiding a two-degree centigrade warming above pre-industrial levels. 	1
It was estimated that between 235 and 250 shops had been closed in the Old City.	0
So this is a graph of the CO2 emissions at the left-hand side from fossil fuel and industry, and time from before the Industrial Revolution out towards the present day. 	1
139. Three decades of Israeli occupation and the disastrous economic situation currently prevailing in the occupied Palestinian territories have seriously affected the situation of children.	0
Most of our planet is actually made up of the sea. 	1
Witnesses told the Special Committee that the phenomenon of violence among children was rampant and was reflected in sleeping disorders and problems in school.	0
If you live in a part of the world where per capita emissions are already high, it points us towards reducing energy demand. 	1
Scientific subjects lag five years behind those taught in Israeli schools.	0
If a big country like China, for example, continues to grow even for just a few extra years, that will make a big difference to when we need to decarbonize. 	1
In addition, the population of the Golan is not allowed to dig wells or to collect rainwater.	0
Some of my patients that have been told they are cured of their cancer still develop symptoms of depression." 	1
And if we slice through the hippocampus and zoom in, what you actually see here in blue is a newborn neuron in an adult mouse brain. 	1
But by the time we turn 50, we will have all exchanged the neurons we were born with in that structure with adult-born neurons. 	1
(iv) Violation of the sanctity of Islamic holy places;	0
“Jewish settlement in the city of Jerusalem, as well as Israel’s attempts to Judaize the city and its acts of aggression against the holy places therein, were the principal factors that torpedoed, halted and totally paralysed the peace process, thereby entailing a high risk of rekindling the spark of violence.	0
The three main focal points of the plan are: to acquire control of the western sections of the West Bank along the Green Line; to consolidate the extension of the Gush Etzion group of settlements, which are directly linked with the so-called Greater Jerusalem plans, the intention being to surround the city and outskirts of Jerusalem; and to thwart the Palestinian ambitions to create a capital for the Palestinian State in the eastern area of Jerusalem.	0
MH: Oh, what a relief! That's wonderful. 	1
And now you ask the question, what number or fraction of reactions by the entire pharmacopoeia, all of medicinal chemistry? 	1
When employers deny workers their compensation, the latter resort to the judicial system, an extremely lengthy and costly process the outcome of which is rarely in favour of the workers involved.	0
You take loneliness, you take depression, you take confinement, and you add to that, rolled up in a little white sheet of paper, one of the most potent neurostimulants that we know, called nicotine, and you add to that one of the most potent addictive substances that you know, and you have a pro-carcinogenic environment. 	1
If I was to take an MRI of every person in this audience, 60 percent of you would show signs of bone degeneration and cartilage degeneration like this. 	1
Some 70 per cent of the teachers are Israeli or unqualified to teach and local teachers from the Golan have been dismissed.	0
50 to 60 percent of the men in this audience would also have such signs. 	1
Can you implant cartilage into areas of trauma? 	1
To this end, the occupation authorities have pursued a systematic policy of intellectual stultification by replacing the Syrian Arab school syllabus with an Israeli syllabus and according priority to the teaching of Hebrew at the expense of the students’ Arabic mother tongue.	0
And perhaps more interesting, and more importantly, the question is, can you apply this model more globally outside medicine? 	1
“(i) The Special Committee would like to appeal to Israel to act in conformity with the spirit animating the peace process by giving effect to the following concrete measures:	0
So I think at every stage, you know -- there's that metaphor, there's turtles all the way. 	1
SM: And there's no perhaps. This is what we're doing. 	1
“(vii) With regard to better protection of the right to life and physical integrity, establish rules of engagement for its security forces that are clear and fully respect human rights standards, and apply open-fire regulations strictly in conformity with the principles of necessity and proportionality; exercise utmost restraint in responding to outbreaks of violence and fully investigate all incidents of shooting; and put an immediate end to the activities of undercover units and, in particular, to extrajudicial and summary executions perpetrated by such units;	0
(iii) “Experiences of torture and ill-treatment and posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms among Palestinian political prisoners”;	0
 But the main point I want to convey to you is that these robots are capable of building high-resolution maps at five centimeters resolution, allowing somebody who is outside the lab, or outside the building to deploy these without actually going inside, and trying to infer what happens inside the building. 	1
(f) International Labour Organization (ILO):	0
In the next video, you'll see the cameras that are being used on this robot. 	1
(iv) Child labour in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip;	0
And this is called the leaf area index. 	1
(j) United States Department of State: Israel and the occupied territories report on human rights practices for 1997, released by the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labour on 30 January 1998;	0
And then lastly, one thing we're interested in doing is detecting the early onset of chlorosis -- and this is an orange tree -- which is essentially seen by yellowing of leaves. 	1
And we can add up all the countries together, weighting for the different population sizes, and that global score is 61. 	1
Greek Cypriot political and military leadership issued provocative statements while air force and naval units engaged in manoeuvres, using live ammunition, which pronounced the element of offence in order to "capture occupied territories".	0
So here on the vertical axis, I've put social progress, the stuff the Global Goals are trying to achieve. 	1
Between 0650 and 0655 hours Israeli forces fired four 155-mm artillery shells which fell at Wadi al-Qaysiyah from their position at Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal.	0
At 1850 hours Israeli forces fired two 120-mm mortar shells from their position at Ksarat al-Urush which fell on Mazra'at Uqmata.	0
The first is that in a way, we're the victims of our own success. 	1
Between 1400 and 1450 hours Israeli forces fired 10 120-mm mortar shells in the direction of Mashgharah to the south, and eight 120-mm mortar shells in the direction of outlying areas of Ayn al-Tinah to the east, from their position at Rayhan.	0
First of all, it tells us that we already in the world have the solutions to many of the problems that the Global Goals are trying to solve. 	1
Between 1945 and 2015 hours Israeli war planes overflew the South and the area of Shuf at high altitude.	0
Between 1045 and 1130 hours Israeli warplanes overflew the South, the Western Bekaa, the North and Mount Lebanon.	0
It's about saving lives. How cool is that? 	1
At 2220 hours the client militia fired 30 flares over Ayn Qanya hill from its position on Zaghlah hill.	0
It's this term we now refer to as "bikini medicine." 	1
At 0900 hours the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Yuhmur and Mayfdun from its positions at Zafatah and Shihin.	0
It's about training the future health care providers correctly. 	1
Between 1215 and 1320 hours the client militia fired several 155-mm artillery shells at Mazra'at al-Hamra and outlying areas of Mayfdun, Jabal al-Rafi' and Wadi Habbush from its position at Zafatah.	0
Between 1605 and 1635 hours Israeli forces fired eleven 155-mm artillery shells at outlying areas of Jibal al-Butm and Yatar from their position on Ya'kub hill and six 81-mm mortar shells which fell on the area around Jabal Blat.	0
And the first step towards change is awareness. 	1
ESTABLISHMENT OF A NUCLEAR-WEAPON-FREE ZONE IN SOUTH ASIA	0
REVIEW OF THE IMPLEMENTATION OF THE RECOMMENDATIONS AND DECISIONS ADOPTED BY THE GENERAL ASSEMBLY AT ITS TENTH SPECIAL SESSION	0
  Or take, for example, the phrase for "It is right" or "It is correct" -- "Lickih nehu ... Lickih nehu." 	1
PROMOTION AND PROTECTION OF THE RIGHTS OF CHILDREN	0
And it was late one night and it was time to stir, so I lifted the lid off the cooking pot, and I placed it onto the kitchen counter next to me, and it started to roll back and forth making this sound. 	1
Letter dated 7 October 1998 from the Permanent Representative	0
So the next time you are seeking percussion inspiration, look no further than your tires, as they roll over the unusual grooves of the freeway, or the top-right burner of your stove and that strange way that it clicks as it is preparing to light. 	1
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the documents of the Twelfth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held at Durban, South Africa, from 29 August to 3 September 1998 (see annexes).The annexes are being issued in the languages of submission only.	0
When seeking melodic inspiration, look no further than dawn and dusk avian orchestras or to the natural lilt of emphatic language. 	1
Permanent Representative Chairman of the Coordinating Bureau of the Non-Aligned Movement Annex I	0
We are the audience and we are the composers and we take from these pieces we are given. 	1
While imprisoned, he continued writing about environmental issues, saying that activists must reflect on their mistakes and listen to each other. 	1
17. The status of this recommendation should be governed by the Advisory Committee’s views made with regard to recommendation 7 above and its report on cost accounting (A/53/507).	0
And they said that if I attempted to interview McGowan, the visit would be terminated. 	1
It's right at the southernmost tip of Norway. 	1
So the police started searching through missing reports from the local area, national missing reports, and looked for accidents with a possible connection. 	1
The International Committee of the Red Cross and IOM also participated.	0
They want to work, they want to study, they want to be able to continue their lives. 	1
The database has been established at the United Nations Office at Geneva, with the involvement of several organizations affiliated with the tripartite process.	0
And it turned out the last time anybody had heard anything from Mouaz was October 7, 2014. 	1
16. During the past year, cooperation between the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and OSCE, particularly in the field, further accelerated.	0
That was the same date the wetsuits were bought. 	1
The establishment within the OSCE secretariat of an office of coordinator for economic and environmental activities will further facilitate interaction with ECE on issues related to the economic, social and environmental aspects of security and will help to develop a joint response by the United Nations system and OSCE.	0
Mouaz studied to become an electrical engineer at the University of Damascus. 	1
The close interaction between the United Nations Police Support Group and its OSCE successors has ensured continuity.	0
In an effort to further strengthen cooperation, the UNHCR and OSCE missions, together with the European Commission Monitoring Mission (ECMM), established the return facilitation group to monitor the implementation of the programme of return adopted by the Government of Croatia.	0
Yarmouk is being described as the worst place to live on planet Earth. 	1
29. As guarantor organizations, the United Nations and OSCE have continued to cooperate closely in providing assistance to the parties in the implementation of the General Agreement on the Establishment of Peace and National Accord in Tajikistan.	0
What has changed? What have you seen there? 	1
Programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999	0
The Committee concurs with this recommendation (see paras. 17 and 18 below).	0
I think that it's likely that we will see clinical trials and possibly even approved therapies within that time, which is a very exciting thing to think about. 	1
The Committee notes, from the information provided in paragraph 9 of annex III.B, that, of the 171 vehicles to be replaced, as proposed in 1997 (A/C.5/52/21), 152 were replaced as anticipated in 1998 and 19 will be replaced in 1999, for which a provision of $282,900 is included.	0
17. The Committee notes, as indicated in paragraph 16 of the statement, that the estimated requirements for 1999 of $27,648,800 under section 3 of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999 would be partially offset by the unencumbered balance of $5,008,000 from the appropriation approved for the activities of the Mission for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1998 (see para. 9 above).	0
JD: Well, I hope that we can air the views of many different individuals and stakeholders who want to think about how to use this technology responsibly. 	1
I mean, are we going to see some people holding back because they have ethical concerns, and some others just going forward because some countries under-regulate or don't regulate at all? 	1
Now I'd like to you to mentally answer the following questions. 	1
Fiftieth anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights	0
I think we all know that our happy place is meant to be somewhere natural, outdoors -- on a beach, fireside. 	1
And happiness is a great motivator; we strive for happiness. 	1
Fifty years ago Lebanese diplomacy played an important part in drafting the 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the fiftieth anniversary of which is being celebrated this year throughout the world.	0
As a result of that proclamation, there was enormous upheaval and the region was engulfed in a vortex of tragedy and violence which has lasted for the past fifty years, claimed the lives of tens of thousands of innocent victims, left untold destruction and impeded economic, social and political development in neighbouring States over many long decades.	0
For me they are time machines -- atoms and molecules bound in space, from the moment of their creation to the moment of my experience. 	1
Furthermore, the Israeli authorities forcibly conscript young men in the areas under their occupation with a view to employing them in their client militias, reinforcing the authority of the occupation and furthering their policy of containing civilians who oppose them.	0
While the West fails to show any sympathy for the Palestinian people, Israel profits from the West’s lack of political will to condemn it for violations of the resolutions establishing international legitimacy and its daily creation of new facts, systematically and determinedly employing the oppressive and tyrannical methods in which it is so adept.	0
As you can see, we're at the cardboard stage with this one. 	1
Israel also targeted the Palestinian refugee camps spread throughout Lebanon and in the regions encircling the capital, Beirut, subjecting them to air strikes, each of which left scores of dead and injured.	0
But there's one story that keeps me awake at night, and it's about Doaa. 	1
Once an aspiring student thinking only of her future, now she was scared all the time. 	1
The worst of the resulting carnage was in Abbasiyah, where 140 were killed and 50 injured.	0
And he asked her father for her hand in marriage. 	1
A total of 377 vehicles and 15 tractors were also destroyed and a further 479 vehicles and 31 tractors were badly damaged.	0
And they were thirsty and they were hungry and they were agitated, and she tried her best to amuse them, to sing to them, to say words to them from the Quran. 	1
In the Israeli shelling from the ground, tens of thousands of 155-mm and 175-mm shells were fired (one shell being enough to destroy a house completely), while the bombardment from the sea completely cut off the coastal road between Sidon and Tyre.	0
And it had become dark, but finally the searchlights found her and they extended a rope, astonished to see a woman clutching onto two babies. 	1
A number of civilians were also killed or injured while travelling on that road in their migration from the southern villages.	0
The Israeli occupying forces have used this method through the years and continue to do so, the most recent example being when booby-trapped toys were dropped on the town of Nabatiyah, killing and injuring children and permanently disfiguring others.	0
An Egyptian family took her into their home as soon as she was released. 	1
Israel continues to carry out attacks against civilians in Lebanon in direct violation of the right to life and the right to security of person, as provided for under article 3 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (10 December 1948) and article 6 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.	0
She wants to reunite with her family there. 	1
Because there is something fundamental here that I think overrides the rest, and it is about our common humanity. 	1
A total of 90 persons were assembled in one house which was then demolished with the occupants still inside.	0
So on behalf of little Masa and on behalf of Doaa and of Bassem and of those 500 people who drowned with them, can we make sure that they did not die in vain? 	1
On 15 March 1978 Israeli aircraft attacked civilian objects and commercial entities in the Awza‛i area close to the capital, Beirut. A total of 36 citizens were killed and a number of others were wounded.	0
A single cave system, like Mammoth Cave, which is in Kentucky, can be as long as more than 600 kilometers. 	1
On 23 February 1985 Israeli occupation forces carried out a massacre in the village of Sir al-Gharbiyah in the district of Nabatiyah.	0
They are surrounded by up to 1,000-meter-high walls, resembling a fortress, impregnable by humans. 	1
And you can imagine our talks when we were exploring the cave. 	1
Israel is trying to hoodwink the international community into believing that the Khiam camp and the other detention camps are administered by the collaborationist militia known as the South Lebanon Army, but Amnesty International has found strong indications that Israeli intelligence officers are involved in the administration of the camps and in the interrogation and torture of detainees.	0
BG: So you're basically -- FS: Yes. You can even keep the shutter open for one minute and then paint the environment. 	1
We collected 200,000 jars of peanut butter and over 365,000 Valentine's Day cards. 	1
(g) Confinement in an unlighted cell for a long period of time.	0
He told me not to tell anyone. Are you there?" 	1
Lebanon has become a party to the various international instruments concerned with human rights, and their principles are reflected in its domestic legislation.	0
Think about it: those 6.5 million messages, auto-tagging through natural language processes, all of these data points -- I can tell you that the worst day of the week for eating disorders: Monday. 	1
This would serve not only their own interests but those of humanity as a whole.	0
Any interpretation that creates rights and obligations not provided for by domestic laws does not correspond to our understanding.	0
I want to know what it feels like to live in Ella's family. 	1
4. Finally, in interpreting the provisions of the Declaration, various cultural, religious, economic and social backgrounds of societies must be taken into account.	0
So he says to Ryan, "How often have you been smoking? Have you been drinking? 	1
It rules out the possibility of what's needed to build a relationship between Tom and Ryan. 	1
10. Decides also that, in accordance with the provisions of its resolution 973 (X) of 15 December 1955, there shall be set off against the apportionment among Member States, as provided for in paragraph 9 above, their respective share in the Tax Equalization Fund of the estimated staff assessment income of 403,900 dollars approved for the Observer Mission for the period from 14 January to 30 June 1999;	0
And, you know, it's no accident that those who run and work in the institutions that are supposed to support Ella and her family don't talk about relationships, because relationships are expressly designed out of a welfare model that was drawn up in Britain and exported around the world. 	1
The Beveridge Report sold over 100,000 copies in the first weeks of publication alone. 	1
The meeting was hosted by the Government of Viet Nam and co-sponsored by the Governments of Norway and the Netherlands with the participation of interested Governments, non-governmental organizations and multilateral development organizations to review and assess progress in implementing the 20/20 Initiative, as described in the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development in Copenhagen and reconfirmed by the Fourth World Conference on Women in Beijing.	0
But the simple act of encouraging her to come along to that first event led to a process where natural friendships formed, friendships that today are replacing the need for expensive services. 	1
I would be grateful if the present letter and its annex could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda items 37, 95 and 100.	0
It's relationships that are making the difference. 	1
It is our sincere hope that statements of the sort cited here will no longer be enunciated, and the people of the Middle East can move towards an era of peace that they both need and deserve.	0
But today, we need to bring people and their communities back into the heart of the way we design new systems and new services, in an approach that I call "Relational Welfare." 	1
On behalf of the Government of the Republic of Cyprus, I wish to strongly protest these new provocative acts by Turkey against the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the Republic of Cyprus.	0
The antennas of the British GCHQ are hidden in a white cylindrical radome, while the listening post of the American NSA is covered by radio transparent screens. 	1
The Administrative Committee on Coordination recalled that it had already considered, in 1996, that, at a time when reform was high on the system’s agenda, it was more essential than ever to have an effective and impartial civil service capable of taking initiative to keep pace with new trends in human resources management and the changing needs of the system.	0
We named the project "Can You Hear Me?" 	1
(d) Other options that could enhance the technical expertise available to the international civil service in relation to new management methods and practices (for example, the use of expert advisory panels and of private consulting firms).	0
Kazakhstan supported Georgia’s intention to join the Central Asian economic community as an observer.	0
The European Union hopes that all sides will continue with this positive approach so that the final details of the coalition arrangement can be agreed and a new Government installed as soon as possible.	0
On the face of it, it was a very simple installation. 	1
In this connection, the Committee notes recommendation 1 of the Office of Internal Oversight Services (A/53/642, para.34) on the need to provide a standard definition of the term “retiree” and to clarify whether the six-month limitation applies only to retired personnel who are in receipt of a United Nations pension benefit.	0
The Committee was informed that these shortcomings would be addressed when IMIS is installed worldwide and by arrangements being made to establish connectivity with Pension Fund records.	0
And we installed networks there to allow basic communication, because I think, I believe, it's not only that we have to speak about the refugees, I think we need to start talking to them. 	1
19. The Advisory Committee notes that the framework for change offers a vision of organizational change.	0
And you see, this is very, very unfortunate because tapirs are extremely important for the habitats where they are found. 	1
7. The issue of procurement from developing countries and countries with economies in transition has been discussed in paragraph 15 of the Secretary-General’s main report and partially elaborated in paragraphs 2 to 8 of the addendum.	0
Ultimately, we conservationists, we must be able to apply our data, to apply our accumulated knowledge to support actual conservation action. 	1
As indicated in that report, of the total volume of procurement by United Nations organizations during 1997, which amounted to $2,895 million, $1,197 million, or 41 per cent, was from developing countries.	0
And tapirs are found in very, very small, isolated, disconnected populations. 	1
Revised estimates Increase/decrease (Thousands of United States dollars)	0
I wanted to find a way to also use existing infrastructure to receive data from our Li-Fi lights. 	1
c. Establishment of a United Nations Office in	0
If I remove the blockage, the video will restart. 	1
These schedules provide the averages of the actual operational rates through November 1998, as proposed for 1998 and 1999.	0
Pretty good indication it's actually her on there. 	1
A net increase of $5.7 million is anticipated relating to adjustments to the rates of common staff costs in respect of Geneva, Vienna, Beirut, Nairobi, the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East and the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization.	0
However, Google didn't settle for that this time, they just thought, "That's racist and it's a bad search result and we're going to go back and clean that up manually. 	1
And a lot of people would describe this act of terror as two steps, that he did two things: he blew up the buildings and he shot those kids. 	1
In truth, I wondered if they were right. 	1
JC: One of the first countries that we traveled to was Nepal. 	1
Peacekeeping operations and special missions	0
When we spoke to activists, they told us that empowerment begins with ensuring proper gender equality, where the women's status is established in society. 	1
Gay rights cannot be won in the court rooms, but in the hearts and the minds of the people. 	1
David wanted to run his campaign without denying the reality of who he was. 	1
JC: David wasn't ashamed of who he was. 	1
Even in the face of threats, he stayed authentic. 	1
I feel very proud of Argentina because Argentina today is a model of equality. 	1
Section 3. Peacekeeping operations and Special missions	0
When the US Supreme Court makes a statement to the world that we can all be proud of. 	1
(a) Office of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General in Sierra Leone	0
1. Prior to the establishment of the United Nations Observer Mission in Sierra Leone (UNOMSIL), the General Assembly, in its resolution 52/221 of 22 December 1997, inter alia, approved, under section 3 of the programme budget for the biennium 1998–1999, an appropriation of $889,100 gross ($827,800 net) for the financing of the Office of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General for Sierra Leone for 1998.	0
It wasn't a love story that was expected of me, but it is one filled with more freedom, adventure and love One year after returning home from our trip, marriage equality came to California. 	1
In a letter dated 16 November 1998 (S/1998/1081), the President of the Security Council informed the Secretary-General that the members of the Council had taken note of the Secretary-General’s intention.	0
Every celebrity's been seen wearing it. 	1
These murders were strongly condemned by the international community.	0
(b) The situation of high tension on the border between the Islamic Republic of Iran and Afghanistan (August-October);	0
By last count, there were 48 different online markets that I know of. 	1
C. The meeting of the Ulema Commission in Islamabad	0
Can you imagine if that's how stocks were bought? 	1
27. Regarding human rights, Mullah Omar indicated that the Taliban authorities were ready to cooperate with an international investigation into the reported mass killings and mass graves of Taliban fighters in Mazar-i-Sharif, Dasht-i-Leli, in the jail of Bamyan and the recent claims and reports of mass killings.	0
They therefore expressed hopes that appropriate measures would soon be put into effect to promote a peaceful solution of the Afghan conflict through serious dialogue between the various factions.	0
But if you record the voices of herders who carry spears and often hurt elephants in confrontations at water holes, the elephants will bunch up and run away from the hidden speaker. 	1
This has limited access to some vulnerable populations, particularly in the central and north-eastern areas and in some cases has resulted in the loss of pre-positioned supplies, notably of food.	0
I don't feel that same grief, but I get it; I know what you feel and it concerns me." 	1
WFP strongly protested these losses to the Taliban leadership.	0
These displaced families are also likely to require non-food assistance if they remain in the area.	0
51. Despite the withdrawal of international staff, the Office of the United Nations for the Coordination of Humanitarian Assistance to Afghanistan (UNOCHA) Mine Action Programme for Afghanistan has continued its operations throughout most of the country.	0
It has some breeding adults and the young of several generations. 	1
The full extent of new mines laid cannot yet be assessed owing to the lack of secure conditions in those areas.	0
That one on the left tried for days to rejoin her family. 	1
55. The atrocities committed by all parties involved in the conflict over the past two years have widened the ethnic and religious divide between different Afghan communities and have further undermined the social fabric of Afghanistan, which has been rendered fragile by almost two decades of war.	0
Those people in the boat had nothing at all to fear. 	1
She knows them very well. She knows who they all are. 	1
Studies commenced at the farmer/trader/community level and the fifth annual opium poppy survey of Afghanistan was undertaken (its main results are outlined below).	0
This approach builds upon key recommendations of donor countries following the meeting of the Afghanistan Support Group in London in May 1998.	0
Albatrosses frequently fly six, sometimes ten thousand miles over several weeks to deliver one meal, one big meal, to their chick who is waiting for them. 	1
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions	0
There was that article I was supposed to write -- which I had to write. 	1
So I thought to myself, "What is this thing that can kill you without leaving any visible scars? 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)	0
1. The preparation, format and content of the medium-term plan and its revisions are governed by the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.	0
All of a sudden, you feel like you want to die or kill or hide or run away. 	1
1. The preparation, format and content of the medium-term plan and its revisions are governed by the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation.	0
8. Subprogramme 13.3 has been substantially revised, as it now deals exclusively with drug demand reduction: the prevention and reduction of drug abuse.	0
The problem is that if you don't talk about it, you're heading for disaster. 	1
Support will concentrate on development of national and regional capacity to elaborate effective drug control policies and plans and on strengthening institutions responsible for implementing them.	0
At the base of it is a very simple module, a ring module. 	1
46/102 Implementation of the Global Programme of Action against illicit production, supply, demand, trafficking and distribution of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances	0
It can function as a double-loaded corridor, has daylight, has ventilation. 	1
3. The revisions proposed below modify programme 14, Economic and social development in Africa, of the medium-term plan for the period 1998-2001, which was adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/219 of 18 December 1996 and issued in document A/51/6/Rev.1 and Corr.1.	0
She had been on scene at a long line, where the woman running the line was feeling extremely overwhelmed, and she was screaming, "There's too many people! 	1
“(d) To enhance the dissemination and outreach of the Commission’s policy recommendations, information and technical publications.	0
And this is kind of what has driven me forward with these pieces, and thinking about how to make them. 	1
4. The revisions stem from the adoption of resolution 53/1 by the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific in 1997, and the secretariat’s subsequent consultations with members and associate members of the Commission.	0
As you pass through the portal between light and dark, you enter a subterranean world -- a place of perpetual gloom, of earthy smells, of hushed silence. 	1
The Commission decided to retain the five-committee structure with changes as follows: (a) three thematic committees, namely, the Committee on Regional Economic Cooperation and its Steering Group; the Committee on Socio-economic Measures to Alleviate Poverty in Rural and Urban Areas; and the Committee on Environment and Natural Resources Development; and (b) two other committees, namely, the Committee on Transport, Communications, Tourism and Infrastructure Development and the Committee on Statistics.	0
There are three main types of communication, spoken, gestural -- so things like sign language -- and graphic communication. 	1
The new subprogramme seeks to strengthen regional economic cooperation in the promotion of trade, investment and technology linkages, and the acceleration of industrial development.	0
There's just not enough characters at this point to have represented all of the words in the spoken language, something which is a requirement for a full writing system. 	1
In addition, the countries of the region have acknowledged a widening degree of complementarity among their economies with intent to exploit this to their mutual benefit through various forms of regional cooperation, including the streamlining of national economic policies and their harmonization wherever possible.	0
It's only later that we start to see these pictographs become more stylized, until they almost become unrecognizable and that we also start to see more symbols being invented to represent all those other missing words in language -- things like pronouns, adverbs, adjectives. 	1
(a) To increase understanding of the economic and social development situation in the region, to highlight trends and emerging problems and to draw the attention of policy makers to priority concerns;	0
The irony in all of this, of course, is that having just carefully classified all of the signs into a single category, I have a feeling that my next step will involve breaking it back apart as different types of imagery are identified and separated off. 	1
In addition, for island developing countries, to enhance the capacity of Governments to analyse, devise policies and build machinery for the effective implementation of measures identified at the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States;	0
15.17 The subprogramme will focus, inter alia, on (a) the identification and understanding of social and economic issues in the areas of population and rural and urban development that are directly related to the alleviation of poverty; (b) advocacy to increase the awareness of the critical issues in population and rural and urban development among policy makers, civil society and individuals; and (c) the development of appropriate population, rural and urban strategies and policies to improve the quality of life of the poor.	0
And that's why I'm here today, to share my journey with you and to take you along with me. 	1
The goal is to strengthen national capacities in achieving environmentally sound development and sustainable natural resources development and management.	0
In the implementation of the subprogramme, greater recognition will be given to the growing competencies of the countries themselves in contributing to capability-building activities;	0
49/94 Enhanced international cooperation towards a durable solution to the external debt problem of developing countries	0
5. The Plan of Action provides orientation of the ECE programme of work according to three main principles: (a) focusing on areas where ECE has recognized expertise and proven advantages; (b) flexibility in the methods of work; and (c) strengthened cooperation/coordination with other regional/subregional organizations.	0
6. A consequence of the refocusing has been a streamlining and rationalization of the programme of work and a reduction in the corresponding intergovernmental machinery, from 14 subsidiary bodies to 7.	0
More diversified forms and methods of assistance to those countries must be developed: (a) to respond to their growing demand for policy analysis and guidelines; (b) to assist them to adhere to region-wide standards; (c) to improve their capacity to adopt legally binding instruments; and (d) to promote ways to develop their products to obtain access to and capture larger shares in western markets.	0
Subprogramme 16.9 Agriculture and timber	0
With the rising sea, they say, "Well, you can move back." 	1
If we move back, we will fall off on the other side of the ocean. OK? 	1
You're on average six feet above sea level. 	1
Those issues are defined in the Beijing Platform for Action and the Regional Programme of Action for the Women of Latin America and the Caribbean, 1995-2001.	0
Add reference to the following resolutions:	0
They didn't know who I was. They hadn't heard of me. 	1
52/148 Comprehensive implementation of and follow-up to the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action	0
in the Phoenix Islands protected area would mean a loss of revenue. 	1
Economic and Social Council agreed conclusions	0
On the one hand, it may prompt healthier fisheries. 	1
1997/2 Mainstreaming the gender perspective into all policies and programmes in the United system	0
I mean, how much are you able to move the price up that you charge for the remaining areas? 	1
But during studies of dysfunction, data revealed an unexpected insight: that even the worst circumstances can result in growth and transformation. 	1
Paragraph 20.6 Delete subparagraph (d) and renumber the subsequent subparagraph accordingly.	0
Replace the text of existing subparagraph (d) (new subparagraph (e)) with the following:	0
In a study of the world's most highly successful entrepreneurs, it turns out a disproportionate number have dyslexia. 	1
Subprogramme 20.5 Humanitarian emergency information	0
In the second sentence, replace “Promotion and Public Services, the Library and Publications, and the Media Divisions” with “Promotion and Public Services Division, the Library and Publications Division, the Media Division and the United Nations information centres and services”.	0
“23.16 The second objective of the subprogramme is to develop a timely and more effective news-gathering and delivery system to be built around the concept of a multimedia central news desk with stronger news-gathering and timely distribution capacity tied to the global daily news cycle.	0
“The United Nations system consortium, which was initiated by the Department and established in 1997 for the purpose of sharing costs of and access to electronic sources of information throughout the United Nations system of organizations and securing volume-drive reductions in subscription rates, will be maintained and expanded.”	0
If you want to get experience, you have to give me your time. 	1
And then after you finish, you get a certificate of accomplishment, so get home and frame it if you want. 	1
Paragraph 24.2 Replace paragraph 24.2 with the following:	0
“(c) Ensuring sound financial management of the resources of the Organization;	0
In the long duration chairs, you're transported to the big place where you're going to see the work. 	1
Before the heading “Financial management, contributions and treasury” insert the following text:	0
“(g) To provide advice to departments in developing performance measurement standards and analytical performance reports.”	0
I think failure is important because if you go, if you experiment, you can fail. 	1
Programme 24. Management and central support services	0
And so I decided to use it as my time frame to try to read a novel, short story collection And so I did. 	1
7. The text of the new programme would read as follows.	0
There was no hiding it -- I was a clueless literary xenophobe. 	1
She said she loved the sound of my project, could she go to her local English-language bookshop and choose my Malaysian book and post it to me? 	1
27.14 The main objectives of this subprogramme will be:	0
My Panamanian read, for example, came through a conversation I had with the Panama Canal on Twitter. 	1
S-10/2 Final Document of the Tenth Special Session of the General Assembly	0
And it can also show up blind spots in the way you might have been looking at the world. 	1
The programme will facilitate a more active and effective role of the Organization in promoting international cooperation for development and provide policy guidance on global development issues.	0
Actually, I just needed to have a bit of help to come up to the stage. 	1
The overall policy framework for the programme is based also on the programmes and platforms of action adopted by the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development and the nineteenth special session of the General Assembly on the overall review and appraisal of the implementation of Agenda 21, the Global Conference on the Sustainable Development of Small Island Developing States, the International Conference on Population and Development, the World Summit for Social Development and the Fourth World Conference on Women.	0
Back then, there were no personal computers, no Internet, no smartphones. 	1
(g) To design and maintain a system of information exchange with Governments, including national mechanisms for the empowerment and advancement of women, and those constituencies actively following up the implementation of the Platform for Action.	0
It was a revolutionary moment for the blind. 	1
So now the fusions of technologies are ready to help me see the real world. 	1
(d) Changing international demographic conditions, such as the AIDS pandemic, and new developments on such issues as international migration, as well as the ageing of populations, call for innovative strategies and policies at both the national and international levels.	0
I didn't know what I was also doing was opening a door, because now, total strangers from all walks of life write to me all the time within days or weeks of having a baby. 	1
The subprogramme will enhance understanding of global economic and social issues and problems, contribute to improving national and international policies in these areas and facilitate the exploration of new forms of international cooperation for development.	0
I returned to work after the maximum allowed eight weeks for my C-section. 	1
51/165 Net flows and transfer of resources between developing countries and developed countries	0
There's a little club of countries in the world that offer no national paid leave to new mothers. 	1
Paragraph 6.2 Delete the last three sentences of the paragraph.	0
This magnification of threats, this compounding of factors is what Jeremy Jackson describes as the "slippery slope to slime." 	1
And those bundles go to the surface of the ocean and break apart. 	1
And they prefer crevices and grooves and holes, where they will be safe from being trampled or eaten by a predator. 	1
Now in addition to these tools, we also try to uncover the mysteries of species that are under-studied. 	1
Paragraph 26.6 (old) Replace paragraph 26.6 with the following:	0
We have advanced medical technology, we have defense technology, we have scientific technology, we even have advanced technology for art. 	1
In accordance with rule 157 of the rules of procedure of the General Assembly, the Committee shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to it under the Financial Regulations of the United Nations.	0
I wish that were an isolated occurrence, but for many women of color in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, or STEM, this is something they have long endured. 	1
The High Commissioner briefed the Committee on the new balanced and integrated approach to human rights, which recognizes the need for increased attention to economic, social and cultural rights, the right to development and related matters.	0
 So the printer plates are small, so I had to piece the garment together, just like a puzzle. 	1
44. Although the Advisory Committee was unable during its visit to meet with all of the specialized agencies in Switzerland, it received written submissions from the World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), the Universal Postal Union (UPU), the International Telecommunications Union and the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) regarding their views and steps taken concerning the main areas of concentration indicated in paragraph 31 above.	0
In a recent study that was produced out of Dalhousie University, it was found that dragging for shrimp is one of the most carbon-intensive ways of fishing that you can find. 	1
WMO further practices full budgeting for inflationary cost increases so that the approved appropriations include provisions for inflation based on the rates projected by the Consultative Committee on Administrative Questions.	0
55. The Advisory Committee was briefed on the status of remote interpretation at the United Nations Office at Vienna.	0
And it's not just fish that we're feeding fish to, we're also feeding fish to chickens and pigs. 	1
As with the agencies in Geneva, the Committee’s discussions focused mainly on issues of organizational and budget reforms implemented recently; the application of the United Nations accounting standards and, in particular, the treatment of delays in the collection of assessed contributions; joint and common services with other organizations in Vienna and the issue of building management and maintenance; and management information systems and computer services.	0
Whosever sandwich sells more, that will be the winning sandwich." 	1
Yet the information given to the Committee in Vienna was not available when it reviewed the United Nations budget proposal during 1997.	0
Microalgae make the omega-3s, they're only bioconcentrated in fish. 	1
1. The Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions has considered the report of the Secretary-General on the Development Account (A/52/1009) submitted pursuant to General Assembly resolution 52/235 of 26 June 1998.	0
There are corals made of different forms of calcium carbonate growing off the basalt of this massive undersea mountain, and the dark sort of stuff, those are fossilized corals, and we're going to talk a little more about those as we travel back in time. 	1
Further, transfer of resources associated with efficiency gains is not a budget reduction exercise, but one of redeployment with the total budgetary amount and related assessments remaining the same both before and after redeployment (see para. 8 below).	0
In addition, gains from currency fluctuation and inflation would not be available for transfer to the Development Account, nor would savings that are due to underexpenditure as a result of postponement of activities or inability to carry out approved mandates and programmes.	0
These are deep sea sponges, meter scale. 	1
As indicated in paragraph 18 of the report, the Secretary-General recommended a multi-year project concept and that any balance of appropriation for the Account at the end of a biennium be carried forward to the succeeding biennium.	0
So we use a laser to analyze uranium and one of its daughter products, thorium, in these corals, and that tells us exactly how old the fossils are. 	1
I'm going to illustrate what I think we've found about climate from those corals in the Southern Ocean. 	1
a Of all requests received by the Under-Secretary-General for Management in 1996–1997, 15.7 per cent were declined.	0
And then if we analyze corals closer to the modern day, or indeed if we go down there today anyway and measure the chemistry of the corals, we see that we move to a position where carbon can exchange in and out. 	1
e Of the 23 exceptions for business-class travel made in 1996–1997, 5 were granted by UNDP under its delegated authority.	0
With that decision, the Assembly implicitly waived financial regulations 4.2 to 4.4, according to which appropriations should be available only for the biennium to which they relate.	0
And when we put so many people in all these metal tubes that fly all over the world, sometimes, things like this can happen and you get a disease epidemic. 	1
5. With regard to the financing of the activities of UNCTAD, the Advisory Committee notes from paragraph 3 of the report of the Secretary-General that the Secretary-General prepared his initial proposals and presented them to the Working Party on the Medium-term Plan and the Programme Budget of UNCTAD.	0
10. The Advisory Committee has no objection to the proposals of the Secretary-General and UNCTAD to utilize the amount retained by the General Assembly in its decision 52/462.	0
So I thought: clearly, this is a pretty serious problem. 	1
6. On 3 April 1995, the WTO General Council requested its secretariat to negotiate with the United Nations Secretariat for revised budgetary arrangements with regard to ITC.	0
Well, when we take a look at this from the computer simulation into real life, we can see with this 3D model that I built over here, essentially using 3D printing, we can see those same airflow patterns coming down, right to the passengers. 	1
7. On 29 September 1995, in an exchange of letters on relations between the United Nations and WTO, the Secretary-General of the United Nations and the Director-General of WTO agreed, inter alia, that the arrangements and practices described in the United Nations General Assembly document of 9 March 1976 (A/AC.179/5) in respect of the United Nations/GATT relationship provide a suitable basis to continue to guide relations between the United Nations and WTO.	0
In the past, the SARS epidemic actually cost the world about 40 billion dollars. 	1
11. The Advisory Committee is of the view that the current ITC budgetary process and the proposals put forward by the Secretary-General in his report (A/C.5/52/25) do not fully address the need for simplified arrangements, including those called for by the General Council of WTO.	0
And two years ago, even, this project would not have happened, just because the technology then wouldn't have supported it. 	1
The annualized requirements would be presented in Swiss francs (this would conform with the WTO budget process).	0
(e) ITC would continue to submit its annual budget proposal in Swiss francs to WTO, in accordance with the established procedures for submission and reporting of the WTO budget and taking into account the approved level of the United Nations share for the ITC budget;	0
    NP: Pops, pops, pops, pops, pops, pops, hold up, hold up, hold up, hold up! 	1
Or maybe we can bury people, like, four deep, so that four people can be buried in the same plot, and we can make more efficient use of the land that way, and in that way, hopefully London will still have space to bury people in the near future. 	1
Equipment/commercial software licenses (in support of activity (a) under para. 44).	0
But just to come back to this idea of making profit from cemeteries, like, it's kind of ludicrous, right? 	1
Well, there's a few councils that have guidance on their website which can help you. 	1
During its consideration of the report, the Committee met with representatives of the Secretary-General.	0
PM: And one of the things that I read about female friendship is something that Cervantes said. 	1
2. As indicated in paragraphs 3 and 20 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/53/347), construction of the new conference facilities in Addis Ababa was approved by the General Assembly in 1984.	0
He said, "You can tell a lot about someone," in this case a woman, "by the company that she keeps." 	1
6. The Secretary-General is therefore proposing to restore the real level of emoluments of the members of the Court by increasing their level of annual remuneration by $19,500, or 13.4 per cent, from the current level of $145,000 to $164,500 (see paras. 18–19 of document A/C.5/53/11).	0
You know, as I've gotten older, I've understood more the importance of friendships, and so, I really make an effort to reach out and make play dates -- not let too much time go by. 	1
8. After careful consideration and analysis of the proposal of the Secretary-General, and taking into account the increase in the CPI in The Hague since the last salary increase granted by the General Assembly in 1990, the Advisory Committee recommends that the annual salary of members of the Court be set at $160,000, effective 1 January 1999, with the next review to take place no later than three years from 1 January 1999.	0
If you look at films of newborn baby boys and girls, you'll see the baby boys just like the girls, gazing into their mother's eyes, you know, needing that relational exchange of energy. 	1
26. The Committee concurs with the Secretary-General (see para. 61 of A/C.5/53/11) that the emoluments of the ad hoc judges would be governed by the provisions of paragraph 1 (b) (i) of General Assembly resolution 52/223 of 22 December 1997 on unforeseen and extraordinary expenses for the biennium 1998–1999.	0
But our "we" is our saving grace, it's what makes us strong. 	1
The report further indicates that the General Assembly, in its review of the report of the Secretary-General on the subject (A/52/520), upon the recommendation of the Advisory Committee, agreed in its resolutions 52/217 and 52/218, both of 22 December 1997, to defer consideration of the conditions of the pension entitlement for the members of the two tribunals until the review on the emoluments and pension scheme of the members of the International Court of Justice.	0
So we can express our humanity -- LT: I know who Gloria Steinem is. 	1
9. According to the Secretary-General, the main activities planned for the next two years are the following:	0
(f) Technical enhancements to improve system performance and reliability and to ensure that the system is year 2000 compliant;	0
12. The Secretary-General estimates the revised total cost of the project development and implementation, on the basis of the report of the independent experts, at $77.6 million, reflecting an increase of $9.5 million over the amount of $68.1 million approved to date by the General Assembly.	0
During its consideration of the report, the Advisory Committee met with the representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information to the Committee.	0
2. In accordance with the recommendations of the Advisory Committee, endorsed by the General Assembly at its thirty-second session, the performance report identifies adjustments required owing to variations in the rates of inflation and exchange and in standards assumed in the calculation of the initial appropriations.	0
Fireworms scrawl white lines as they feed. 	1
8. Regarding the question of posts, ACABQ was informed that recruitment for all the posts envisaged would be in accordance with normal United Nations procedures.	0
These are properties of the universe that we can measure, and they're extremely dangerous because if they were different, even by a tiny bit, then the universe as we know it would not exist. 	1
Specifically, with respect to the reporting mechanism outlined in the draft agreement, the Advisory Committee recommended that every effort be made to avoid too cumbersome a reporting mechanism and to minimize resources for that purpose.	0
In both of these scenarios, atoms could not exist, and therefore all the other interesting stuff that we see around us in the universe would not exist. 	1
Accordingly, it requested that a specific paragraph of the draft agreement be renegotiated, and provided the language that the Committee felt should be reflected in the final version of the agreement.	0
15. Unless otherwise decided by the Secretary-General, the UNFIP Advisory Board is responsible for the following functions:	0
Now, according to early versions of the Big Bang theory, the universe has been expanding ever since with gravity gradually putting the brakes on that expansion. 	1
16. The Members of the Advisory Board, including ex officio members, are appointed by the Secretary-General and serve for a term of two years following their appointment, unless otherwise decided by the Secretary-General.	0
19. Since the establishment of UNFIP on 1 March 1998, two funding rounds have been completed, in May and September 1998, with the third funding round expected to reach completion in January 1999.	0
than the number of atoms in the entire universe. 	1
Of those, 28 were selected from a culled list as generally corresponding to the Foundation’s programme priorities and the mandates of the United Nations system for submission to the UNFIP Advisory Board.	0
One of the most promising candidates for a unified theory is string theory, and the essential idea is, if you could zoom in on the fundamental particles that make up our world, you'd see actually that they're not particles at all, but tiny vibrating strings of energy, with each frequency of vibration corresponding to a different particle, a bit like musical notes on a guitar string. 	1
A small, carefully selected group of Professional and supporting staff has been assembled to carry out within an extraordinarily finite time-frame an impressive body of work that will probably amount to a net worth of $80 million of United Nations projects worldwide by the time that the first year of operation has come to an end.	0
We can't access these other universes, so there's no way of knowing whether they're there or not. 	1
To date, over 520 proposals have been received and analysed by the UNFIP secretariat, 55 full project proposals have been recommended for funding by the Secretary-General and his Advisory Board, and a total of 39 projects in the amount of some $55 million has been ultimately approved by the Foundation.	0
That doesn't mean the multiverse doesn't exist. 	1
 Bruno Giussani: Harry, even if you just said the science may not have some answers, I would like to ask you a couple of questions, and the first is: building something like the LHC is a generational project. 	1
To this end, and except as otherwise provided, the Foundation will seek the approval of the United Nations regarding the use of the name and emblem of the United Nations, particularly in regard to activities by for-profit entities involving support for or sponsorship of the activities of the Foundation or of the United Nations.	0
I remind you of one thing: in Turkey, at the beginning of the crisis, I remember one minister saying, "Turkey will be able to receive up to 100,000 people." 	1
(Signed) Timothy Wirth President Annex II	0
The Agency also serves as the seat of the General Secretariat of the International Organization of la Francophonie and provides it with administrative support.	0
 For me it is clear that all societies will be multiethnic, multicultural, multi-religious in the future. 	1
At that time, we had had, recently, some conflicts that were solved. 	1
La Francophonie shall respect the sovereignty of States, their languages and their cultures.	0
Today, conflict is essentially borderless. 	1
To review and adopt the provisional agenda for meetings of the Ministerial Conference;	0
Governments today need to give up power and control in order to help make us more secure. 	1
He shall be the highest official of the Agency of la Francophonie.	0
Almost all projects of this kind fall apart within a decade because too many people drop out of the study, or funding for the research dries up, or the researchers get distracted, or they die, and nobody moves the ball further down the field. 	1
To ensure that the decisions of the General Conference are implemented and that the activities of the Agency are conducted in accordance with those decisions;	0
In June 2010, Internet changed my life forever. 	1
It shall appoint the financial controller of the Agency.	0
(n) To maintain close relations with international organizations, international non-governmental organizations and multilateral francophone associations which are active within the sphere of competence of the Agency, so as to maximize the benefits of all initiatives and coordinate common action;	0
Say you want to say something that is not based on a fact, pick a fight or ignore someone that you don't like. 	1
Operating modalities of the Ministerial Conference	0
We also need to think about effective crowdsourcing mechanisms, to fact-check widely spread online information, and reward people who take part in that. 	1
In the event of a vote, each member shall have one vote and decisions shall be made by a nine-tenths majority of the members present and voting, abstaining being considered as not voting.	0
In the event of a vote, each member shall have one vote and decisions shall be made by a nine-tenths majority of the members present and voting, abstaining being considered as not voting.	0
The Greek Cypriot representative, in a vain attempt to conceal the responsibility of the Greek Cypriot side in creating and perpetuating the conflict on the island, once again refers to the legitimate Turkish intervention in Cyprus as an "invasion".	0
You can't solve that kind of problem all in one go, it's too hard. 	1
We have the honour to transmit the text of the joint statement on Russian-Chinese relations on the threshold of the twenty-first century, adopted by the President of the Russian Federation, Mr. B. N. Yeltsin, and the President of China, Mr. Jiang Zemin, in Moscow on 23 November 1998 (see annex).	0
But we don't feel that they're helping us. 	1
They help us solve problems, they help us be more creative. 	1
The two States consider that the five-party meeting held in Almaty on 3 July 1998 and the Declaration on its results that was adopted open up good prospects for strengthening security and cooperation in Central Asia.	0
We don't know what the atmospheres of these planets are like because the planets are so small and dim compared to their stars and so far away from us. 	1
There's another contradiction -- that ice absorbs the longer wavelength light from cooler stars, and that light, that energy, heats the ice. 	1
Number of ballots cast: 177 Invalid ballots: 4	0
In the 20th century, we literally spent trillions of dollars building infrastructure to get water to our cities. 	1
6. The Fifth Committee recommends that the General Assembly appoint the following persons as members of the Committee on Contributions for a three-year term of office beginning on 1 January 1999: Pieter Johannes Bierma	0
If we can make smart investments in these new sources of water in the coming years, we can solve our urban water problem and decrease the likelihood that we'll ever run across the effects of a catastrophic drought. 	1
Rapporteur: Mr. Tammam Sulaiman (Syrian Arab Republic)	0
This is an engineered treatment wetland that we recently built on the Santa Ana River in Southern California. 	1
2. At its 20th meeting, on 6 November 1998, the Fifth Committee had before it a note by the Secretary-General (A/53/105) concerning the vacancies in the membership of the United Nations Administrative Tribunal that will occur as a result of the expiration of the term of office of two of its members on 31 December 1998.	0
The water comes into our treatment wetland, it's exposed to sunlight and algae and those break down the organic chemicals, remove the nutrients and inactivate the waterborne pathogens. 	1
I'm putting together a visual for you to take into the board meeting. 	1
 I knew these were all words they use, right? 	1
Paragraph 6 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/53/220) contains a list of such mandates.	0
I love being a police officer because it's always been a calling for me and never a job. 	1
Currently, Kazakhstan is a party to more than 14 multilateral international treaties regulating various aspects of rights protection activity.	0
We said, "This is your community table. 	1
Four of the F-16, as well as the three KC-135 exited the Nicosia FIR in a south-easterly direction.	0
We had mentors throughout all of the community. 	1
English Page On 27 November 1998, thirteen (13) military aircraft of the Turkish Air Force (10 F-16, 2 KC-135 and 1 CN-235) entered the Nicosia FIR violating international air traffic regulations.	0
We knew we had an economic problem, so we began to create jobs. 	1
And thirdly, you weave the water hyacinth into products. 	1
And if you want to change a culture, change the stories." 	1
But as it turns out, we know a lot more about space than we do about the underground waterways coursing through our planet, the very lifeblood of Mother Earth. 	1
So when we're working together in person, I'm not only looking at your face but I'm also gesturing and manipulating objects, and that's really hard to do when you're using tools like Skype. 	1
22. Voluntary contributions in kind (non-budgeted)	0
So we used the pins of the display to represent people's hands, allowing them to actually touch and manipulate objects at a distance. 	1
The additional requirements for the year 2000 would be dealt with in the context of the preparation of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001.	0
The other thing to remember about Africa is that most of their agriculture is rainfed. 	1
Annex Press statement issued on 30 November 1998 by the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia	0
But we can make behavioral changes to avoid that. 	1
We note with satisfaction that all the participants in this process express a political commitment to the obligations arising under the Programme of Action.	0
The other reason for looking at a number of plants, is that, at least initially, I wanted to find out: do they do the same thing? 	1
More appropriately, some of my collaborators at UCT, Jennifer Thomson, Suhail Rafudeen, have spearheaded that approach and I'm going to show you some data soon. 	1
12. A provision for $590,200 is indicated under budget item 4, Transport operations.	0
So if you see anything under 10 meters that's red, it's an animal transforming and creating its own red. 	1
The Committee was informed that these savings result mostly from the fact that neither hazard pay nor the salary costs of the Special Envoy of the Secretary-General was factored into the 1998 estimates.	0
And eventually, we found our photobombing Kaupichphys eel. 	1
4. Notes that the Board intends to review, with the assistance of the Consulting Actuary and the Committee of Actuaries, the changes that have been made in the United Nations pension system since 1983 as part of the measures approved by the General Assembly to redress the past actuarial deficit of the Fund, in the first instance by the Standing Committee in 1999 and then by the Board in 2000 in the light of the results of the actuarial valuation of the Fund as at 31 December 1999;	0
And it makes me think about how much more there is to learn. 	1
1. Takes note of the results of the monitoring of the costs/savings of recent modifications of the two-track feature of the pension adjustment system and of the intention of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board to continue to monitor those costs/savings every two years, on the occasion of the actuarial valuations of the Fund;	0
Does this go all the way to the bottom of the ocean? 	1
Replace paragraph (a) with the following:	0
“(a) Any divorced spouse of a participant or former participant, separated on or after 1 April 1999, who was entitled to a retirement, early retirement, deferred retirement or disability benefit, or of a participant who died in service on or after that date, may, subject to the provisions of article 34 (b) (applicable also to widowers), request a former spouse’s benefit, if the conditions specified in paragraph (b) below are fulfilled;	0
Because I realized that this representation of the human drama was always about men and women -- so much so, that the dead center, the heart of the ceiling, is the creation of woman, not Adam. 	1
And as Michelangelo proved in his painting, hardship, setbacks and obstacles, they don't limit excellence, they forge it. 	1
III. Recommendation of the Fifth Committee	0
And so after complaints and insistence of trying to get this work destroyed, it was finally the year that Michelangelo died that the Church finally found a compromise, a way to save the painting, and that was in putting up these extra 30 covers, and that happens to be the origin of fig-leafing. 	1
Commending the Board of Auditors for carrying out its reviews in a comprehensive and efficient manner, in line with regulation 12.5 of the financial regulations of the United Nations,	0
The experience of art today is encountering problems. 	1
So Chris cut right to the chase, and he says, "Well, of all the issues you've been looking at, what are the top five?" 	1
In its resolution 1145 (1997), the Council noted the termination of the mandate of UNTAES on 15 January 1998 and established the Support Group to continue to monitor the performance of the Croatian police in the Danube region, particularly in connection with the return of displaced persons.	0
We found the prime candidate to sue in Myriad Genetics, a company that's based in Salt Lake City, Utah. 	1
(b) To decide on the treatment of the remaining unencumbered balance of $14,646,100 gross ($13,906,700 net) for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998;	0
But the two judges who ruled against us, did so for completely different reasons. 	1
Also, some civilian police opted for repatriation by privately owned vehicles, which reduced their repatriation costs.	0
I think you have to say, 'Is isolated DNA patentable?'" "Nope. 	1
Justice Roberts distinguished it from carving a baseball bat from a tree. 	1
It was from Bob Cook-Deegan, a professor at Duke University and one the very first people Chris and I went to visit when we started to consider whether to bring this case. 	1
My personal journey into the world of programming and technology started at the tender age of 14. 	1
4. Takes note of the conclusions and recommendations contained in part one, chapter V, of the report of the Committee for Programme and Coordination on the work of its thirty-eighth session and looks forward to their implementation; I	0
6. Reiterates its request to the Secretary-General to take all appropriate measures, including ad hoc measures, and to submit proposals, through the Committee for Programme and Coordination, to the General Assembly at its fifty-fourth session, so as to enable the Main Committees of the General Assembly, as well as the sectoral, functional and regional bodies, effectively to review the relevant portions of the medium-term plan or its revisions, with a view to facilitating their consideration by the Committee for Programme and Coordination and the Fifth Committee;	0
And that Bertrand Russell's lifelong quest to find an exact language between English and mathematics found its home inside of a computer. 	1
2. Decides that priorities shall continue to be established in the medium-term plan, which is the principal policy directive of the United Nations, and shall guide the allocation of resources in subsequent programme budgets through the mechanisms provided for in General Assembly resolution 41/213;	0
Her name is Ruby, she is six years old. 	1
2. Also stresses that the Regulations and Rules Governing Programme Planning, the Programme Aspects of the Budget, the Monitoring of Implementation and the Methods of Evaluation provide a sound basis for effective monitoring and evaluation if implemented in all parts of the Organization;	0
And these kids are going to have a profoundly different view of the world and the way we build it with technology. 	1
1. At its 3rd plenary meeting, on 15 September 1998, the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the General Committee, decided to include in the agenda of its fifty-second session the item entitled “Pattern of conferences” and to allocate it to the Fifth Committee.	0
They embrace the powers and the opportunities and the limitations of the world. 	1
Having considered the report of the Committee on Conferences, Official Records of the General Assembly, Fifty-third Session, Supplement No. 32 and corrigendum (A/53/32 and Corr.1).	0
And we've been working for almost three years now to try to say no to plastic bags on our home island. 	1
2. Invites the Committee on Conferences to consider the question of participation of observers in the work of the Committee in accordance with the relevant rules of procedure;	0
MW: We are sisters, and we go to the best school on earth: Green School, Bali. 	1
7. Reaffirms its decision that the headquarters rule shall be adhered to by all bodies;	0
Why should we wait until we were grown up to be significant? 	1
15. Notes with appreciation that the overall utilization factor for 1997 exceeded the benchmark of 80 per cent, in particular at Geneva and Vienna;	0
31. Requests the Secretary-General to submit the reports requested in paragraphs 9 and 15 of its resolution 52/214 A before 31 March 1999, and decides, without prejudice to the provisions of paragraph 8 (a) of its resolution 50/206 C of 23 December 1995, that an oral report cannot substitute for a report requested by the General Assembly;	0
34. Requests the Secretary-General to intensify his efforts aimed at filling vacancies in language services at all duty stations;	0
 We got stuck -- till we learned lesson number two: think outside the box. 	1
If you're a fellow Rotarian, nice to meet you. 	1
18. Also requests the Secretariat to continue consultations with the secretariats of intergovernmental bodies with a view to informing them on the speedy issuance of unedited verbatim transcripts and the cost savings derived therefrom, and encouraging them to follow the example of the Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space in carrying out the experiment with unedited verbatim transcripts, so as to enable the Committee on Conferences to make final recommendations on the matter;	0
We learned about the power of hunger strikes he did to reach his goals. 	1
Twenty-four hours later, we were picked up from school and escorted to the office of the governor. 	1
8. Reiterates the request set out in paragraph 9 of its resolution 52/8 C;	0
And in fact, the modern salamander is very close to the first terrestrial vertebrate, so it's almost a living fossil, which gives us access to our ancestor, the ancestor to all terrestrial tetrapods. 	1
So we did a whole optimization process to find out the right structure, where to place the motors, how to connect them together, to be able to replay these motions as well as possible. 	1
It will be recalled that similar unfounded allegations of so-called airspace violations were rejected in toto in our previous communications addressed to you, most recently in my letter dated 11 November 1998 (A/53/665-S/1998/1074).	0
It is difficult to concur with many of them.	0
2. Statements and comments made in the course of the Committee's consideration of the item are reflected in the relevant summary records (A/C.5/53/SR.42, 43 and 45).	0
And looking at the UN's recent statistics and projections that the world will have 11 billion people on the planet before it plateaus in 2100, you're concerned about what that does to natural resources -- arable land, potable water, energy and minerals. 	1
And to the extent that we need to create economic growth over the long term, we're going to have to pursue it with a better form of economic stance. 	1
2. Takes note of the decision of the Commission to review the methodology in the year 2001;	0
And as the middle class is on the rise, so is our global population, from 7 billion of us today to 9.7 billion by 2050, which means that by 2050, we are going to need at least 70 percent more protein than what is available to humankind today. 	1
Recalling also that by its resolution 50/208 the General Assembly reaffirmed the statute of the Commission, in particular article 6 thereof, whereby its members shall perform their functions in full independence and impartiality,	0
Sounds like a great idea, but it's not realistic and it's impossibly hard to mandate globally. 	1
But a few months after we got off the boat, we got to a meeting at Conservation International, where the Director General of WorldFish was talking about aquaculture, asking a room full of environmentalists to stop turning from it, realize what was going on and to really get involved because aquaculture has the potential to be just what our oceans and populations need. 	1
We were stunned when we heard the stats that we didn't know more about this industry already and excited about the chance to help get it right. 	1
12. Also emphasizes that recruitment of staff in the Tribunal should be in accordance with Article 101.3 of the Charter of the United Nations;	0
We can now farm far more species than ever before in controlled, natural conditions, creating happy fish. 	1
22. Decides that the five Professional and two General Service posts in The Hague, currently funded against the budget of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, should be transferred from the staffing table and the related financial provisions of the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda to the staffing table and the budget of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia effective 1 January 1999, resulting in additional requirements of 666,900 dollars gross (551,800 dollars net) in 1999 for the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia;	0
So somebody needs to connect the dots and give these developments a big kick in the butt. 	1
(a) Report of the Secretary-General on the conditions of service for the judges of the International Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia and the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (A/52/520);	0
I wasn't quite sure how to answer the question. 	1
It's a crude but convenient proxy for more important factors, like muscle mass, enzyme level, genetic traits they just don't have time to look for. 	1
In many cases, race adds no relevant information at all. 	1
27. Also decides to revise the level of appropriation to the Special Account for the International Criminal Tribunal for the Prosecution of Persons Responsible for Genocide and Other Serious Violations of International Humanitarian Law Committed in the Territory of Rwanda and Rwandan Citizens Responsible for Genocide and Other Such Violations Committed in the Territory of Neighbouring States between 1 January and 31 December 1994 to 52,297,900 dollars gross (48,043,400 dollars net) for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1998;	0
The Food and Drug Administration has even approved a race-specific medicine. 	1
Appropriation for the period from 1 January to 31 December 1999	0
 And if you find race-specific medicine surprising, wait until you learn that many doctors in the United States still use an updated version of a diagnostic tool that was developed by a physician during the slavery era, a diagnostic tool that is tightly linked to justifications for slavery. 	1
The Turkish Government strongly deplores such incidents and is determined to bring the perpetrators to justice.	0
I'm also on this mission because the way doctors practice medicine continues to promote a false and toxic view of humanity. 	1
I should be grateful if the present letter could be circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under agenda item 110 (b).	0
Suppose they rejected an 18th-century classification system and incorporated instead the most advanced knowledge of human genetic diversity and unity, that human beings cannot be categorized into biological races? 	1
Belarus also hopes that Iraq will comply fully and without delay with all the relevant Security Council resolutions.	0
But we do these things because we believe they matter, that our actions add up, that our choices might influence others and collectively, what an impact we can have. 	1
The missile and bomb strikes do not solve the problem; they cause the death of innocent civilians and destabilize the situation in the entire region.	0
It's a reusable mug. It has all these things printed on it. 	1
III. Planned and actual deployment of military and civilian personnel for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998	0
I've been stared at, screamed at, whispered about, and one time I got smacked in the face by a little old lady's purse that from the looks of the shiner I took home that day I am pretty certain contained at least 70 dollars of rolled up small change and a large hard candy collection. 	1
The unspent balance of $21,752,900 gross ($19,524,600 net) represents, in gross terms, some 12 per cent of the amount appropriated.	0
And the teacher had already instructed her to stay out of the boys' bathroom. 	1
She'd already learned that bathrooms were going to be a problem, and that problem started with her and was hers alone. 	1
 Which of course was a lie, because you know how you hit, like, 42 or 43, and sometimes you just, I don't know, you pee a little bit when you cough or sneeze, when you're running upstairs, or you're stretching. 	1
15. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of UNMIBH, including UNMOP, are the following:	0
If you can't bring yourself to care enough about people like me, then what about women and girls with body image issues? 	1
Annex II Supplementary information on significant variances	0
Apportionment: $125,518,200; expenditure: $114,548,400; variance: $10,969,800	0
Those savings were partially offset by requirements for communications equipment and spare parts included in document A/51/519/Add.5 and Corr.1 relating to the provision of central support services and the human rights mandate authorized by Security Council resolution 1107 (1997), as well as the upgrade and expansion of the communications network to Brcko, Bihac, Tito Barracks and some IPTF stations.	0
Glucose is very important, and we know it's involved with diabetes. 	1
Statement by the Presidency of the European Union on the negotiations of a protocol to the Biological and Toxin Weapons Convention	0
And we said, let's call our friends at Harvard and Vanderbilt, who also -- Harvard in Boston, Vanderbilt in Nashville, who also have electronic medical records similar to ours. 	1
But I still have six and a half minutes. 	1
III. Planned and actual deployment of military and civilian personnel for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998	0
We not only have Bing searches, but if you use Internet Explorer to do searches at Google, Yahoo, Bing, any ... 	1
13. Information on the deployment of military contingents and civilian personnel during the reporting period is presented in table 2 below and detailed in annex III to the present report. Table 2	0
Yarn bombing is when you take knitted or crocheted material out into the urban environment, graffiti-style -- or, more specifically, without permission and unsanctioned. 	1
UNTMIH MIPONUH 14. The actions to be taken by the General Assembly in connection with the financing of UNSMIH, UNTMIH and MIPONUH are:	0
One of the most essential facts about the climate crisis has to do with the sky. 	1
Apportionment: $632,400; expenditure: $336,700; variance: $295,700	0
That right now is the open sewer for our industrial civilization as it's currently organized. 	1
Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production and Stockpiling of Bacteriological (Biological) and Toxin Weapons and on Their Destruction	0
And for the first time, not only the warmest January, but for the first time, it was more than two degrees Fahrenheit warmer than the average. 	1
Appreciating the development of relations between Japan and the Russian Federation based on the Tokyo Declaration, which formed the foundation for the construction of this creative partnership, and determined to further develop the bilateral relationship in all areas,	0
The two leaders express their intention to have formal contacts at the leaders’ level each year and to continue to actively utilize the practice of holding informal summit meetings.	0
They affirm that they are prepared to continue and deepen such exchanges, since they not only enhance trust and mutual understanding in the bilateral relationship, but also advance the positive process of improving confidence-building measures and securing transparency in the field of Asia-Pacific security.	0
There's so much extra energy in the atmosphere, there's so much extra water vapor. 	1
It also reiterated its request to the Iranian Government to terminate its occupation of the three islands, desist from its policy of imposing the status quo by force, refrain from placing Iranian installations on the islands with a view to altering their demographic composition, annul all measures, remove all installations already unilaterally put in place on the islands and use peaceful means, including referral of the issue to the International Court of Justice, in order to resolve the dispute, in accordance with the principles and precepts of international law.	0
His Excellency Sheikh Jamil Ibrahim al-Hegelan, Secretary-General of the Gulf Cooperation Council, also attended.	0
So, why were they not only wrong, but way wrong? 	1
It commended the role the President played in establishing the excellent relations enjoyed by Council States and the Republic of South Africa, and thanked him for the appreciative remarks he made with respect to the Gulf Cooperation Council and its regional and international role.	0
The big expansion has been in the developing counties. 	1
No one else can do that, that's why you led this thing. 	1
The Supreme Council reaffirmed its steadfast endorsement of the continued independence, territorial integrity and regional security of Iraq.	0
Al Gore: Well, you're nice to say that, Chris. 	1
A prime example of such a dispute is the continued occupation by the Islamic Republic of Iran of the three islands belonging to the United Arab Emirates.	0
The late Rudi Dornbusch, the great economist said, "Things take longer to happen then you think they will, and then they happen much faster than you thought they could." 	1
The Supreme Council welcomed the efforts made by Mr. Kofi Annan, Secretary-General of the United Nations, with a view to arranging negotiations between the United Arab Emirates and the Islamic Republic of Iran in order to settle their dispute over the three islands.	0
Affirming the purposes and principles of joint Arab action based on integrity of intentions, a commitment to legality, national sovereignty, mutual respect, non-interference in internal affairs, non-recourse to threat or use of force and the use of peaceful means to resolve disputes; and affirming the mutual dependence of Arab States;	0
Now, that's only four percent of our problem though. 	1
Fourth: Develop joint Arab action with a view to realizing the aspirations of Arab States to development, construction, security and stability, and in order to prepare the Arab region for the demands of international political and economic change and ensure the material and moral well-being of the peoples of the Arab nation.	0
And even in a city like New York City, one of the most densely populated in the world and one of the most sophisticated mass transit systems in the world, there are still 2.5 million cars that go over those bridges every day. 	1
2. Affirms that human rights in the widest and fairest sense and in all economic, social, cultural, civil and political aspects should be used to achieve international cooperation and solidarity;	0
You get up in the morning, get ready for work, get your coffee, go to your car and you light up the Uber app, and all of a sudden, you become an Uber driver. 	1
He died in the concentration camp of Azha in Tigrai on 6 December 1998.	0
It was literally you push a button and get an S-Class. 	1
TK: Well, look, I think -- I've been an entrepreneur since I've been in high school and you have -- In various different ways an entrepreneur will see hard times and for us, it was about a year and a half ago, and for us it was hard times, too. 	1
3. The General Assembly, by its resolution 51/228 of 3 April 1997, appropriated a total of $4 million gross ($3,956,300 net) for the Military Observer Group for the period from 15 February to 31 May 1997.	0
And what that means for a driver is wherever he or she drops somebody off, they're much more likely to get a pickup and get back in. 	1
The apportionment of the resources provided by the General Assembly in its resolution 51/228 is indicated in column 2.	0
12. Accordingly, it is proposed that special arrangements with regard to the application of article IV of the Financial Regulations similar to those contained in the annex to General Assembly resolution 52/240 of 26 June 1998 be applied to the Military Observer Group, as follows:	0
Because, well -- Google's been investing in this since 2007, Tesla's going to be doing it, Apple's going to be doing it, the manufacturers are going to be doing it. 	1
(ii) Claims received during this four-year period shall be treated as provided under paragraph (a) above, if appropriate;	0
(ii) No assets are reported under subgroup II (b), since there were no assets installed in the mission area that were donated to the host Government;	0
But I ran anyway, and in 2012, I became an upstart in a New York City congressional race. 	1
Boys, on the other hand, are taught to play rough, swing high, crawl to the top of the monkey bars and then just jump off headfirst. 	1
If she didn't know any better, she'd think that her student spent the past 20 minutes just staring at the screen. 	1
Because trying harder is not going to fix a broken system. 	1
These are just three examples of thousands, thousands of girls who have been socialized to be imperfect, who have learned to keep trying, who have learned perseverance. 	1
We have to teach them to be brave in schools and early in their careers, when it has the most potential to impact their lives and the lives of others, and we have to show them that they will be loved and accepted not for being perfect but for being courageous. 	1
In fact, we are thriving, and the reason we are thriving is because we've been blessed with extraordinary kings. 	1
We manage this because we use our limited resources very carefully, and because we stay faithful to the core mission of GNH, which is development with values. 	1
This is why I can wear my gho with pride. 	1
Our entire country generates 2.2 million tons of carbon dioxide, but our forests, they sequester more than three times that amount, so we are a net carbon sink for more than four million tons of carbon dioxide each year. 	1
The cost estimates provided $49,400 for the purchase of equipment as well as $21,100 for the shipment of equipment from other missions.	0
The following are my opinions, and do not reflect the opinions or policies of any particular prosecutor's office. 	1
Owing to the deployment of fewer personnel there were fewer requirements for office furniture.	0
How many of you shoplifted, tried an illegal drug or got into a physical fight -- yes, even with a sibling? 	1
I don't want to spend a lot of time talking about the problem. 	1
Which means that there are a lot of family events. 	1
So as a child, my parents used to drag me to these family events. 	1
II. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1997 to 30 June 1998 — maintenance budget: summary statement	0
 I call this the staircase illusion, and actually when the staircase illusion abruptly ended, he froze, and this is called freezing of gait. 	1
V. Supplementary information on significant variances — backlog clearance budget	0
What we need are human-centered solutions. 	1
Other logistics support in the form of supplies and equipment were also provided to the specialized agencies and other United Nations operations, including the World Food Programme (WFP), the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and the United Nations Children’s Fund, on an as-required basis.	0
It changes the way you frame your own experience, it changes the way you think about your perpetrator, it means that if you do come forward, you'll have someone else's back and they'll have yours. 	1
Apportionment: $439,300; expenditure: $407,600; variance: $31,700	0
What if, instead, we let the balloons drift and we taught them how to sail the winds to go where the needed to go? 	1
6. The unspent balance for spare parts, repairs and maintenance resulted from the following factors: (a) the bulk of the spare parts earmarked for refurbishing photocopiers, network workstations, generators and miscellaneous other equipment were not purchased; (b) requirements for office equipment repairs were met from United Nations Logistics Base reserve stock; (c) spare parts for generators were received from the United Nations Transitional Administration for Eastern Slavonia, Baranja and Western Sirmium; and (d) the network workstations arrived too late for the work to be undertaken.	0
8. The unutilized balance of $11,300 for freight resulted from lower actual requirements for shipments from the Logistics Base to missions.	0
While it appreciates the condemnation of separatism and terrorism in the statement of the Contact Group, the Federal Government does not accept the attempts to internationalize any internal question of the Republic of Serbia or the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.	0
I have the honour to transmit herewith the text of the joint declaration of the Ministers of Foreign Affairs of countries of south-eastern Europe, Mr. Andrei Plesu, Mr. Blagoi Handziski, Mr. Ismail Cem, Mrs. Nadezhda Mihaylova and Mr. Theodoros Pangalos, concerning the situation in Kosovo, which was adopted at Sofia on 10 March 1998.	0
The computer universe is both marvelous and primitive. 	1
Instead of showing understanding for justified measures undertaken against terrorism in Kosovo and Metohija, diverse disinformation emerged followed by unfounded criticism of the actions of state authorities of the Republic of Serbia.	0
From self-driving cars to smartphones to this holographic computer on my head, machines are becoming capable of understanding our world. 	1
It was agreed that Ecuador and Peru would consider in good faith the following matters in accordance with the 1942 Protocol of Peace, Friendship and Boundaries of Rio de Janeiro and its additional instruments and on the basis of the 1995 Itamaraty Declaration of Peace:	0
AK: So, can you tell us a little bit, Jeff, about where you are? 	1
(c) Establishment on the ground of the common land border;	0
The Guarantor Countries shall be present and shall assist the commission.	0
So if you think about the points of light that show up radially from the vision of the camera, which is the thing that matters: how many points of light can I get in a given volume? 	1
7. The methodology recommended by the Committee of Actuaries and endorsed by the Board involves:	0
So we're using it to improve the ways that we explore Mars. 	1
10. In a note to the Committee of Actuaries and the Board, the Fund's Consulting Actuary stressed that a critical issue was the choice of the nominal return and assumed inflation (i.e., the "real return") to be used to determine the pensioners liability, to ensure that sufficient and prudent reserves were set aside for pensioners.	0
I kicked it off with a guess about South Africa, which wasn't exactly according to the rules because South Africa's not my country. 	1
The pension liability includes a loading for the assumed estimated cost of the two-track pension adjustment system.	0
So for one week in July, Twitter became a real African bar. 	1
24. The Board decided to accept the conclusion of the Committee of Actuaries as regards the calculation of the possible limitation under article 16 (c) on the amount of the proportionate share.	0
When we moved to Botswana, I was a toddler who spoke fluent SiSwati and nothing else. 	1
(a) Determination of the "net" interest (discount) rate for calculating the pensioners liability as of the date of termination:	0
And when I would go back to Swaziland, I would be constantly confronted by how very non-Swazi I was becoming. 	1
It is important to stress that, in preparing the table, no attempt was made to recalculate any of the liabilities as at 31 December 1997 other than to project them to 31 December 1998, using a 5 per cent adjustment.	0
I followed vibrant Africans who were travelling around the continent, taking pictures of themselves and posting them under the hashtag #myafrica. 	1
"1. Notes with concern the wishes of the Interim Commission for the International Trade Organization to apply for termination of its membership in the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund effective 31 December 1998, in the light of the commitment of the General Assembly to preserve the United Nations common system of salaries and allowances;	0
This is by accident, but sometimes, it's by design. 	1
since the last country in the world abolished slavery and 53 years since Martin Luther King pronounced his "I Have A Dream" speech. 	1
Application of the Interim Commission for the International Trade Organization/General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade for withdrawal	0
But we still live in a world where the color of our skin not only gives a first impression, but a lasting one that remains. 	1
7. The methodology recommended by the Committee of Actuaries and endorsed by the Board involves:	0
I was seven years old with a mess of colors in my head. 	1
The Committee also noted that the currency cost factor under the two-track pension adjustment system had been included in valuations as a loading factor in calculating the liabilities.	0
I have portrayed more than 3,000 people in 13 different countries, 19 different cities around the world. 	1
We still have to work hard to abolish discrimination. 	1
The results are intended solely to illustrate the effect of changes in the "net" interest rate assumption and in the market value of the assets.	0
That remains a common practice worldwide, and that will not disappear by itself. 	1
"Having considered the report of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board on its forty-ninth (special) session, submitted to the General Assembly and to the member organizations of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund, on the decision of 16 October 1998 of the General Council of the World Trade Organization and the Executive Committee of the Interim Commission for the International Trade Organization to authorize the Director-General of the World Trade Organization to inform the Fund that the Interim Commission wishes to apply for termination of its membership in the Fund on 31 December 1998, subject to the conclusion of satisfactory transfer arrangements with the Fund,	0
I mean, this is -- this is the Linux world headquarters. 	1
Conditions of service applicable to the staff of the WTO secretariat	0
 It's like a calming color, it's not something that really stimulates you. 	1
Recalling their decision adopted on 24 April 1998 (WT/L/269), and in particular,	0
Tell us briefly about that and your role in that. 	1
CVS is the one that used to be the most commonly used, and I hated CVS with a passion and refused to touch it and tried something else that was radical and interesting and everybody else hated. 	1
Here's a picture of you as a kid, with a Rubik's Cube. 	1
UNDCP also has procedures for thematic and project evaluations.	0
The whole point of Silicon Valley is that people jump between jobs to kind of mix up the pot. 	1
Restructuring of the subsidiary bodies was completed at the end of January 1998.	0
In addition to those studies, during 1996-1997 the secretariat of ESCAP prepared assessments of implementation at six-month intervals for the Advisory Committee and annually by the Commission.	0
LT: I've actually felt slightly uncomfortable at TED for the last two days, because there's a lot of vision going on, right? 	1
The new strategic orientations were endorsed by the twenty-second Meeting of the Conference of Ministers Responsible for Economic and Social Development and Planning at its annual session in May 1996.	0
A major outcome of this process was the revision of the 1997 work programme, which in turn resulted in organizational restructuring of the secretariat, including the establishment of the Programme Planning, Finance and Evaluation Division.	0
And I think it's really -- I mean -- I'm perfectly happy with all the people who are walking around and just staring at the clouds and looking at the stars and saying, "I want to go there." 	1
This resulted in negotiations with the Commission on standard clauses governing the essential conditions of such cooperation.	0
33. In March 1997 the Office of Internal Oversight Services circulated to all offices and departments of the Secretariat draft monitoring and evaluation guidelines.	0
Now, I want to tell you a story about that. 	1
Following a series of workshops covering all major departments and duty stations, an evaluation manual based on the training materials developed in the workshops will be published on the Office’s web site.	0
And if we found one planet, we would be thrilled. 	1
Earth, on the other hand, is 11 times smaller than Jupiter, and the signal is barely visible in the data. 	1
As historical circumstances have in the past caused the Serbian people to be divided, the present time requires harmony and unity.	0
The symbols and holidays of our State shall be the symbols and dates which are rooted in our State and national tradition, which unite us in our patriotism and our loyalty to the State and the people.	0
A democratic and strong Serbia, as guarantor of the democratic, stable and strong Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, represents our lasting commitment.	0
I have the honour to transmit herewith the text of a statement issued by the Federal Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia on 1 April 1998 (see annex).	0
It is therefore more surprising that it is required of Serbia and Yugoslavia to undertake what they are already doing, guided by the equally generally accepted principles and their own objectives.	0
On instructions from my Government, I have the honour to transmit herewith the text of the Decree on the genocide of Azerbaijanis by Mr. Heydar Aliyev, President of the Azerbaijan Republic, issued on 26 March 1998 (see annex).	0
The Singapore press recently wrote about nurses returning to work after long career breaks. 	1
They destroyed national architectural treasures, schools, hospitals, mosques and other facilities, and left the greater part of Baku in ruins.	0
And that was that I hardly kept up with the business news. 	1
Heydar ALIYEV President of the Azerbaijani Republic	0
This testing out period removes the perceived risk that some managers attach to hiring relaunchers, and they are attracting excellent candidates who are turning into great hires. 	1
PROHIBITION OF THE DUMPING OF RADIOACTIVE WASTES; REGIONAL DISARMAMENT; ESTABLISHMENT OF A NUCLEAR-WEAPON-FREE ZONE IN	0
Be their first success story, and you can be the example for more relaunchers to come. 	1
MACROECONOMIC POLICY QUESTIONS: TRADE AND DEVELOPMENT; EXTERNAL DEBT CRISIS AND DEVELOPMENT	0
I'm not going to talk about that tonight. 	1
Letter dated 8 April 1998 from the Permanent Representative of	0
 So in 2015, what word of advice would you give people, when you took a college graduate out by the pool and you said one word, just one word? 	1
United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General	0
And if you change it in a third way, you get cauliflower. 	1
So you haven't just taken control of when you have a baby, you've separated when the baby and where the baby is fertilized. 	1
When we put vaccines into people, we are putting unnatural things into their body because we think the benefit outweighs the risk. 	1
Items 37 and 103 of the preliminary listA/53/50.	0
And so what lived and died, what was structured, has now been flipped on its head. 	1
E. Purchase of survivors' benefits in respect of	0
Some people will choose to alter themselves. 	1
C. Proposal to change the method for determining cost-of-living adjustments of pensions in award . 330 - 341 73	0
But we should not run every evolutionary decision on this planet. 	1
Schedule 1. Administrative expenses . 94	0
"No, we all took internships just in case it doesn't work out." 	1
XIV. AMENDMENTS TO THE ADMINISTRATIVE RULES OF THE UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF PENSION FUND . 134	0
 So this started early: when I was a kid, I took Nintendo games very seriously. 	1
EBRD European Bank for Reconstruction and Development	0
 No, she was one of our most creative students, and as an organizational psychologist, this is the kind of idea that I test. 	1
The Board examined and approved the financial statements and schedules for the year ended 31 December 1997, and considered the report of the Board of Auditors on the accounts and operations of the Fund.	0
What you see with a lot of great originals is that they are quick to start but they're slow to finish. 	1
The membership of the Committee of Actuaries, established under article 9 of the Regulations, is given in annex XII.	0
The salient observations, conclusions and recommendations of the report are highlighted in bold print.	0
What you see is that the first movers had a failure rate of 47 percent, compared with only 8 percent for the improvers. 	1
The table below provides the results of the twenty-fourth actuarial valuation and compares them with the results of the regular valuation as at 31 December 1995.	0
However, the funded position was less strong when account was taken of the assumption that pensions in award would increase at the rate of 5 per cent per year and of the 1.9 per cent cost of the two-track system; the funded ratios, under this assumption, ranged from 83 to 93 per cent, with 88 per cent being applicable for the regular valuation.	0
So if you put all this together, what you see is that originals are not that different from the rest of us. 	1
There's a saying with which all students of history are familiar: "Geography is destiny." 	1
Hypothetical projection models As in past valuations, hypothetical models of the estimated progress of the Fund over the next 30 years were also prepared on the basis of the economic assumptions in the regular valuation, using the zero participant growth assumptions.	0
Additional models, in which the assumed real rates of return on investments ranged from 2 per cent to 5 per cent higher than the assumed 5 per cent rate of inflation, were also prepared.	0
"reviewed the results of the actuarial valuation as of 31 December 1997, which was carried out by the Consulting Actuary.	0
It further noted the conclusion of the Committee of Actuaries that the present contribution rate of 23.7 per cent of pensionable remuneration remained appropriate and should be retained, pending review on the occasion of the next valuation. commutations of periodic benefits	0
And in the middle, the Chongqing-Chengdu megacity cluster, whose geographic footprint is almost the same size as the country of Austria. 	1
That's almost four times the actual GDP of the world. 	1
The cumulative annualized total returns over the past 5, 10, 15, 20 and 25 years were approximately 12.4 per cent, 10.8 per cent, 12.9 per cent, 12.5 per cent and 10 per cent, respectively.	0
 And that is why infrastructure has just been included in the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, because it enables all the others. 	1
The policy of broad diversification of investments by currency, types of asset classes and geographical areas continued to serve as the most reliable method of protection over long periods of time against the unpredictability and volatility of financial markets.	0
And you can see that Russia, by the way, is the least connected of major powers in the international system. 	1
In addition, there would be a positive impact from downward pressure on inflation and interest rates.	0
They're building a trade corridor stretching from Northeast India through Myanmar and Bangladesh to Southern China. 	1
With regard to discussions on alternative arrangements for management of the investments, the representative of the Secretary-General stated that the bulk of the funds continued to be managed internally, although six firms had discretionary management of small capitalization companies and the Fund had four institutional advisers.	0
Davinia's impact started a few years ago when she reached out to all of her friends on Facebook, and asked them to donate their pennies so she could fund girls' education. 	1
The Board also thanked the Chairman and members of the Investments Committee for their efforts in the interest of the Fund, particularly during the recent crisis in Asia, and for the frank and comprehensive exchange of views during the joint meeting.	0
B. Membership of the Investments Committee The Secretary-General, in accordance with article 20 of the Regulations of the Fund, conveyed to the Board the names of three members of the Investments Committee, Messrs. Y. Oltramare, E. N. Omaboe and J. Reimnitz, whom he intended to propose to the General Assembly at its fifty-third session, after consultation with the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.	0
Greater emphasis has been placed, with the assistance of the Fund's internal auditors, on the review of beneficiaries over the age of 75 in a number of countries to determine their continued eligibility for benefits.	0
So in 2012, we cofounded an organization that had exactly that as its goal. 	1
Globally, we've now signed up citizens in over 150 countries around the world. 	1
Accordingly, of the total external audit costs of $397,200, the Standing Committee had proposed that the additional $157,600 be charged to the Fund's budget, resulting in a UN/UNJSPF cost-sharing ratio of approximately 60/40 per cent, pending completion of the longer-term study in 1998 of the appropriate UN/UNJSPF cost-sharing arrangements for both the internal and external audit costs.	0
We just need to be organized and motivated to start acting. 	1
"(b) Biennial estimates of the expenses to be incurred under (a) above shall be submitted to the General Assembly for approval ...	0
He said we need to look after our own backyard first. 	1
Review and recommendations in the concept paper prepared by the Secretary for the Board	0
So in the months and years ahead, global citizens will hold world leaders accountable to ensure that the new Global Goals for Sustainable Development are tracked and implemented. 	1
As indicated earlier, in accordance with article 15 (c) of the Regulations of the Fund, the local pension secretariats of the other member organizations provide similar services to their active participants, as well as secretariat services to their staff pension committees.	0
As had been requested by the Standing Committee in 1997, the Secretary sought advice and suggestions as to possible changes in the current cost-sharing arrangements from a number of persons with extensive management experience and knowledge of the operations of the Fund, the Pension Board and the United Nations common system.	0
And then I realized I have no idea how we're going to solve this problem, but I do know one thing: we have got to change the tone of this conversation. 	1
(i) The Fund secretariat would continue to provide local pension secretariat services to the United Nations;	0
Well, you can imagine that I thought that without that, there was no way we were going to get out of the paralysis of Copenhagen. 	1
In addition, it was agreed to propose that the one-third/two-thirds formula should take effect prospectively, i.e., as from 1 January 1999.	0
But I do believe that we have come over the past six years from the impossible to the now unstoppable. 	1
The cost of the Investment Management Service space would therefore be fully charged against the assets of the Fund.	0
At its meeting in June 1998, the Committee of Actuaries was informed that the Fund's administrative/audit costs could be expected to increase as from 1999, since a number of services and facilities that had previously been provided by the United Nations at little or no cost would in future be shared by the Fund and the United Nations.	0
Ironically, most of the time it is the older woman who imposes such restrictions on younger girls in a family. 	1
One of the pressing near-term needs of the Fund secretariat would be to enhance its computer systems and operations, through expansion and modernization.	0
And it exists with the educated urban class, also. 	1
It was generally recognized that these changes would have to be pursued in a phased manner, taking into account the gradual need for more staff, office space and equipment to carry out the additional functions assigned to the Geneva office.	0
In this connection, during the discussion of the revised estimates for the biennium 1998-1999 (see paras. 203-244 below), it was agreed to include temporary assistance costs among the items covered by the proposed UN/UNJSPF cost-sharing formula.	0
So you have to find rocks of the right age, depending on what your interests are. 	1
In section V of resolution 52/222 of 22 December 1997, the General Assembly approved net resources totalling $50,069,500 for the biennium 1998-1999, comprising $15,655,900 for administrative costs, $33,942,900 for investment costs and $470,700 for audit costs.	0
The revised budget estimates for the biennium 1998-1999 submitted by the Secretary for the consideration of the Board amounted to $54,593,700, consisting of $17,300,600 for administrative costs, $36,672,600 for investment costs and $620,500 for audit costs.	0
Operating over vast swaths of time, myriad geological processes offer every possible insult to the rocks of ages. 	1
The budget proposals of the Secretary, with the comments thereon of the Standing Committee, were reviewed by ACABQ.	0
Nature provided no card catalog for geologists -- this would have to be invented. 	1
In 1994, when confronted with a similar situation in Geneva, the Board sought and obtained temporary assistance funds for the recalculation of benefits.	0
So can you imagine a big bull, 65-ton Dreadnoughtus in the breeding season, defending a territory? 	1
With seven billion peripatetic Homo sapiens on the planet, it was perhaps inevitable that one of them would eventually trod on the grave of the magnificent titan buried beneath the badlands of Southern Patagonia. 	1
As regards office space costs, the amounts requested were based on the standard charges assessed by the United Nations.	0
Who could have imagined that a single species of shrew-like mammal living in the cracks of the dinosaur world would evolve into sentient beings capable of characterizing and understanding the very dinosaurs they must have dreaded? 	1
The Board had discussed the levels of the posts of the Secretary and of the Chief of the Investment Management Service in a closed session.	0
No doubt, those worlds would be both amazing and amazingly improbable, but they would not be our world and they would not have our history. 	1
In particular, actuarial costings were prepared of various options that had been explored prior to the formulation of the proposed agreement, followed by separate costings of the proposed agreement under two implementation dates (1 January 1996 and 1 January 1997). These actuarial assessments were carried out by the Fund's Consulting Actuary at the expense of the Fund.	0
Currently, the benefit is terminated upon the remarriage, with the payment of a lump-sum settlement corresponding to twice the annual rate of the benefit.	0
There's a wire going through to the trigger, and the computer in the box is online. 	1
Finally, several speakers stated that, at a future session, the Board should review the totality of its Regulations and Rules with respect to all issues concerning family and social responsibilities.	0
And Times Square in New York is literally the crossroads of the world. 	1
If the CPI changed by 10 per cent or more since the last adjustment, then a further adjustment would be made as of 1 October of that year.	0
(c) To avoid increases at the high net income levels.	0
So now that I have your attention, the next question is: How do I read it? 	1
And so, in 2014, two famous TEDsters, Peter Diamandis and Craig Venter himself, decided to assemble a new company. 	1
Although four new member organizations had since joined the Fund, they have all been relatively small, the largest being the International Centre for Genetic Engineering and Biotechnology (ICGEB), which had 138 active participants as at 31 December 1997, less than one half of the participants of the smallest organization currently with a member seat on the Board, i.e., the International Fund for Agricultural Development (IFAD), which had 298 participants as at 31 December 1997.	0
Accordingly, the Standing Committee had recommended that, where a participant resumed his or her contributory service in the Fund within 12 months of separation, without a benefit having been paid, participation in the Fund (although with a break in contributory service) should be deemed to have been continuous.	0
So I'm going to show you, I'm going to, in this case, transfer it -- and this is nothing more than Photoshop, no modeling -- the beard on the subject. 	1
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial statements based on our audit.	0
There are the best minds in the world on this topic. 	1
accounts of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund for the biennium ended 31 December 1997	0
Nightingale was born into a rather grand, very wealthy British family, who were horrified when she volunteered to work in military hospitals during the Crimean War. 	1
The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF) for the biennium ended 31 December 1997.	0
But I picked design, because I believe it's one of the most powerful tools at our disposal to improve our quality of life. 	1
I. Introduction The Board of Auditors has audited the financial statements of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund (UNJSPF) for the period 1 January 1996 to 31 December 1997 in accordance with General Assembly resolution 74 (I) of 7 December 1946 and article 14 of the Regulations of UNJSPF.	0
But he failed to persuade any conventional sources to give him investment to get the project off the ground. 	1
Details of the action taken and the comments of the Board are set out in the appendix below.	0
James managed it, finally, just a few years ago, by adding some genes that make it impossible for the malaria parasite to survive inside the mosquito. 	1
(d) The Administration should consider the procurement of suitable equipment to assist the codifiers in the verification of signatures and thumbprints.	0
As you might guess, this was not a very popular strategy with the villagers. 	1
The Board therefore reiterates its earlier recommendation made in its report for the biennium ended 31 December 1995 that continued efforts be made to recover the outstanding tax reimbursements.	0
Instead, with the new gene drive, they all came out aB. 	1
The Administration explained that five of the waivers, amounting to $70,063, resulted from oversights at a time when the Fund was experiencing an exceptionally heavy workload and was introducing its new computer system (PENSYS).	0
You can take an entire gene out, put one in, or even edit just a single letter within a gene. 	1
The custody agreement between the Fund and its custodians requires the custodians to maintain insurance coverage at all times on assets in their custody or under their control against losses arising out of employee dishonesty, on-premises and in-transit loss of assets, and forgery or alteration, including forgery of securities and counterfeit currency.	0
The Administration attributed this situation to the transfer of the Deputy Cashier, who should have shared these duties with the incumbent, to the Accounts Unit.	0
The Administration recognized and agreed that the Cashier's function should be segregated and was taking steps to fill the position of Deputy Cashier in early 1998.	0
The Board recommends that the Administration should always arrange the Cashier's functions to facilitate the operation of sound internal check.	0
OK, that's the good news, this is the bad news. 	1
The Board further recommends that the codifiers be provided with training to enhance their efficiency.	0
So thank goodness, they can't be used to engineer viruses or bacteria. 	1
And given the nature of gene drives, that conversation has to be global. 	1
Statement of actuarial sufficiency as at 31 December 1997 of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Fund to meet the	0
 Deadlines and commitments are the great and fading lessons of Apollo. 	1
I think about this picture of my family that I never dreamed I could ever have --  -- and of our children holding this headline I never dreamed could ever be printed about the Supreme Court ruling. 	1
Too often our dreams become these compartmentalized fixations that destroy our ability to be present for our lives right now. 	1
All of the assumptions used in the valuation were those adopted by the Standing Committee of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board at its 180th meeting, in 1997, based on the recommendations of the Committee of Actuaries.	0
Our access to information is through the roof, our access to joy, grounded. 	1
In 2016, it is the dimension of our being itself that cries out for its fair share of our imagination. 	1
And we encouraged people to experiment outrageously with kindness. 	1
It would be like all the denim jeans in your closet are all made of cotton, but they are different colors depending only on their size. 	1
We designed these nanoparticles to be activated by these enzymes. 	1
OK, but how do I get this activated signal to the outside world, where I can act on it? 	1
Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO)	0
My body was like a canvas for her, and she would draw her fingertip down over my face so slowly that I couldn't feel it moving. 	1
But before I show you how all of this is possible, let's talk briefly about why improving the quality of science education is so vitally important. 	1
 And yes, this is really the reality out there in way too many universities around the world: students that are bored, disengaged and sometimes not even sure why they're learning about a topic in the first place. 	1
The membership of the Investments Committee is as follows:	0
One group would only use the virtual laboratory simulations, the other group would only use traditional teaching methods, and they had the same amount of time. 	1
But even more interestingly, the second part of this study investigated what the teacher's impact was on the learning. 	1
In calculating the period between the dates of separation and re-entry into participation under article 21 (a) no recognition shall be given to any intervening non-contributory service even if subsequently validated under article 23.	0
1. Takes note of the results of the monitoring of the costs/savings of recent modifications of the two-track feature of the pension adjustment system and of the intention of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board to continue to monitor those costs/savings every two years, on the occasion of the actuarial valuations of the Fund;	0
And if you think child number two is lying, please raise your hand. 	1
Noting that the General Assembly, on the recommendation of the United Nations Joint Staff Pension Board, had given its concurrence to the proposed agreement between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Board, and had requested the Board to provide information to the Assembly at its fifty-third session on the developments in respect of the further steps envisaged under paragraph 5 of section IV of resolution 51/217,	0
In half of the videos, the children lied. 	1
Noting also the discussion in the Board and its conclusions on the administrative arrangements and on the proposed revised estimates for the administrative expenses of the Fund for the biennium 1998-1999, as set out in paragraphs 194 to 202 and in paragraphs 228 to 244, respectively, of the report of the Board,a	0
During that time, we had another guy turn nasty. 	1
The Treaty is subject to ratification and shall enter into force upon the exchange of the instruments of ratification.	0
Such rules, regulations, decrees, orders and instructions are supposed to be in conformity with the laws on which they are based.	0
In Sweden, opinion surveys show that significantly more people want sex workers to be arrested now than before the law was brought in. 	1
8. Cooperative by-laws are usually written by the founding members at a cooperative; later they may be amended by the members according to procedures laid down in law or in the by-laws of the cooperative itself.	0
Firstly, sex work is and always has been a survival strategy for all kinds of unpopular minority groups: people of color, migrants, people with disabilities, LGBTQ people, particularly trans women. 	1
Others view cooperatives as just one form of economic organization, among others, which work on equal terms with commercial firms and public enterprises without privileges or undue restrictions.	0
Forced labor does occur in many industries, especially those where the workers are migrants or otherwise vulnerable, and this needs to be addressed. 	1
13. In Western Europe, North America and Japan, cooperatives were set up solely through private initiative and were, and still are, completely independent of government, based on the principle of self-administration.	0
That's true of prostitution, but it's also true of agricultural work, hospitality work and domestic work. 	1
16. In the United Kingdom, the Government has provided a solid legislative framework for cooperatives since 1893.	0
17. The Constitution of Portugal recognizes the status of the cooperative sector as equal to that of the public and private sectors.	0
Labour unions are protected by the Labour Union Law of 1949.They have the rights of a corporation and a special tax system is applied to them.	0
Ultimately, most of us have mixed feelings. 	1
In the first group are those countries which reported that no substantial or significant changes had recently taken place which would have affected cooperative development.	0
In Greece, recent slight alterations in cooperative law have applied to cooperative credit institutions (cooperative banks), in order to support them in playing a greater role in regional development and in financing small and medium-sized enterprises.	0
Such shares did not, however, carry voting rights.	0
I can remember going to the barbershop with my dad as a kid. 	1
At the same time, the rules for cooperatives were collected under a separate heading, “cooperatives and mutual assurance associations”, to strengthen the position of cooperatives as separate legal entities together with non-profit organizations and limited companies.	0
And like clockwork, the same group of men would be there every time we went, either waiting on their favorite barber or just soaking up the atmosphere. 	1
In Finland, the law on cooperatives is being thoroughly reformed with a view to updating it, particularly the provisions concerning the financial activities of cooperatives.	0
The conversations about health were lengthy and deep. 	1
They talked about the different ways you could reduce stress, like simplifying one's love life --  all ways to treat high blood pressure. 	1
28. At the beginning of their transition to free market economies, the former socialist countries faced the immense challenge of elaborating a totally new legal and administrative framework for almost all aspects of life, including cooperative arrangements.	0
He's a leader and a passionate advocate for the well-being of his community. 	1
The lack of corresponding knowledge and experience, the lack of specialists, particularly in the sphere of law and economics, was more than obvious.	0
The very first time I walked into Denny Moe's shop, he wasn't just cutting hair. 	1
In Slovenia, the Cooperatives Act of 1992, with some amendments in 1993, 1994 and 1996, was aimed at liberating cooperatives from their parastatal functions, restructuring cooperatives on the basis of internationally recognized principles as independent economic organizations compatible with the market economy and settling the restitution of the former cooperative property.	0
Here we have an opportunity to partner with the Denny Moe's of the world and empower communities to address the health inequities that uniquely affect it. 	1
32. The National Cooperative Council of Hungary reported that after the transformation of the cooperative system, owing to the so-called Unified Cooperative Law of 1992, there were some acts restricting the autonomy of cooperatives, primarily the agricultural ones, and in particular, their right to dispose of their properties.	0
Thanks to Denny Moe and the myriad other barbers and community leaders who shared the vision of opportunity and empowerment to make a difference in their communities, we've been able to not only lower blood pressure in our participants, but we've also been able to impact other health indicators. 	1
Where is that place for you where people who are affected by a unique problem can meet a unique solution? 	1
The consumer cooperatives are governed by the law of 1959.	0
And after all that, they finally think you're ready for a TED Talk. 	1
The general law on cooperative societies in Bolivia was enacted in 1958 and applied through the Ministry of Labour and Micro-enterprises.	0
EH: Tell us what happened when you were nine years old. 	1
Cooperatives find it difficult and confusing being governed according to different provisions of numerous laws, decrees and regulations.	0
A meeting of experts on cooperatives was held at Geneva from 29 March to 2 April 1993 by the International Labour Organization.	0
What might the connections be when we start exploring our heritage, the beautiful locations and the art in this world? 	1
They may be necessary when the distinctive nature of cooperatives requires special provision in law to safeguard their autonomy while achieving their equal although distinctive inclusion in generally applicable regulations.	0
But essentially, we have around 1,000 amazing institutions, 68 countries. 	1
Question 3: Are there special procedures for aerospace objects, considering the diversity of their functional characteristics, the aerodynamic properties and space technologies used, and their	0
Let's say that on your next vacation, you want to go see every single one of them. 	1
into the Earth’s atmosphere and does international customary law exist with respect to such	0
What we ended up with is this very interesting map, these clusters that have no reference point information, but has just used visuals to cluster things together. 	1
Information received from member States by 31 March 1997 is contained in document A/AC.105/635/Add.4.	0
 And I don't know about you, but I've shown it to my nephew and sister, and the reaction is just phenomenal. 	1
re-entry into the Earth's atmosphere and does international customary law exist	0
Don't think they are making small talk. 	1
(b) Will the discussion on the questionnaire lead to the deletion of the issue of the definition and delimitation of outer space from the agenda of the Committee?	0
I'm a Pig; I should have perfect romance with Tigers, Goats and Rabbits. 	1
Following its successful entry into the intended orbit, all the equipment on board the satellite functioned normally. The satellite was then successfully recovered after 15 days of orbiting in space.	0
But if it doesn't or we're not sure, then let's put it aside. 	1
(a) Cooperating with and assisting public and private sector organizations, institutes etc. in planning and implementing the use of remote sensing and GIS in their operations, with emphasis on environmental concerns;	0
You can immediately check who has received it, who has read it. 	1
(c) Undertaking thermal infra-red surveys of fresh-water sources in the marine environment (at the regional level);	0
I think if you give them the right levers, they can move mountains. 	1
In Lebanon, only some first-level courses in astrophysics are given by the Faculty of Sciences of the Lebanese University.	0
Finally, the sounding rocket programme of the Republic of Korea was highlighted by the successful launch of KSR-II, which is a two-stage experimental launch vehicle designed for scientific data collection missions.	0
The same thing happens when we look at the cave painting version of the story, the book about the mammoth hunt, the play, the radio broadcast, the television show or the movie. 	1
Although the launch vehicle successfully flew its pre-planned flight path, data collection was unsuccessful owing to a telemetry system failure during its early flight phase.	0
All of these mediums require what we call "suspension of disbelief," because there's a translation gap between the reality of the story and our consciousness interpreting the story into our reality. 	1
There is also a strong European commitment and contribution to the complex of the X-ray satellite, which is being integrated and calibrated; the launching date has been postponed from 1996 to 1998.	0
When extroverts come into the office at nine o'clock in the morning and say, "I really need a cup of coffee," they're not kidding -- they really do. 	1
Also, at least two institutions are involved in preparations for a mini/micro-satellite programme:	0
In 1962, the National Centre for Space Studies (CNES) was set up and the foundations of the French space industry were laid.	0
We had seconded to this project a fellow called Michael. 	1
In this capacity, it is conducting studies and tests on systems and building the first and third stages of Ariane 4, as well as the principal cryogenic stage and the power acceleration stages of Ariane 5.	0
Aérospatiale is developing the atmospheric re-entry demonstrator (ARD), which is an automated capsule that makes it possible to test re-entry materials as well as landing and recovery systems.	0
Besides the major communications companies, Alcatel Espace is a strategic partner of the Globalstar system, a new world system for mobile telephony to be put into service in 1999.	0
 I remember one particular day when I was retired to a cubicle, trying to avoid overstimulation. 	1
An initial order for 14 Ariane 5 satellites has been signed.	0
What would it look like if we intervened, with rehabilitation as a core value -- with love and compassion as core values? 	1
Maybe then we would all be singin' "Redemption Song." 	1
Jason will be the name of this new mission.	0
But these products can never become a natural resource again. 	1
What if the soil doesn't have any nutrition in it? 	1
An agreement was signed in 1988 between the four founding countries (Canada, France, Russian Federation and the United States) to provide the space equipment.	0
Once we know our trees, we divide them in four different layers: shrub layer, sub-tree layer, tree layer and canopy layer. 	1
In 1996, the number of beacons using this system was more than 5,000 and it is growing steadily.	0
We plant the saplings close to each other. 	1
Initially, the forest doesn't seem like it's growing, but it's growing under the surface. 	1
Discussions are under way with Eumetsat on this point.	0
Microbes and fungi live throughout this network of roots. 	1
