Exercise any other such functions as may be required for the implementation of this Protocol, including any functions that may be assigned to it by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention.
Many journalists are now said to impose self-censorship in their articles for fear of giving offence and bringing about lawsuits against their newspapers.
2. Ms. Aissata Gomgnibou Boly Burkina Faso
The inhabitants of the Al Mawasi area near Khan Younis face particular difficulties in this respect since they are surrounded by land taken by Israeli settlements.
Recalled decision 10/CP.2 of the second session of the COP, in particular the request to the Convention secretariat, in accordance with Article 8.2(c) of the Convention, to facilitate assistance to Parties, particularly developing country Parties, in the preparation of their initial communications, through the organization of workshops at the regional level; to provide a forum for the exchange of experiences in the development of emission factors and activity data for the estimation of the inventory, as well as, on request, for other elements of information in the initial communication; and to provide a report to the SBI and the SBSTA at each of their sessions.
The lists of attendance at the fifth session of the SBI are given in document FCCC/1997/INF.2.
The Plan of Action of the second Summit of the Americas, held in Santiago in April 1998, also requested ECLAC and OAS to strengthen regional cooperation in the area of education.
52. In the field of trade and investment promotion, ECE’s focus has been on the dissemination of best practices in investment promotion techniques, the promotion of private investment in infrastructure (road, rail, telecommunications, power generating networks, water systems etc.) and stimulation of investment in real estate.
38. Thematic groups are a main instrument for coordinated United Nations system support for conferences implementation by the Government.
In general, the secretariat's improvised responses have tended to generosity; the result is an open house with a rather flimsy structure.
Statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union), Colombia (on behalf of the Non-Aligned Movement) and the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77).
Most of the detainees are from the occupied border zone. They come from diverse socio-economic and occupational backgrounds.
146. Status of the Protocols Additional to the Geneva Conventions of 1949 and relating to the protection of victims of armed conflicts
Concerning assistance to the Palestinian people, the Secretary-General of UNCTAD had given assurances that work on that issue would continue, and the proposed programme budget provided no evidence to the contrary.
II. ANNOTATIONS TO THE PROVISIONAL AGENDA
92. The Committee also endorsed the recommendation of the Scientific and Technical Subcommittee that further consideration of the item should be postponed until 2000 in view of the abbreviated schedule of work of the Subcommittee at its thirty-sixth session, in 1999, and the preparatory work to be carried out for UNISPACE III (A/AC.105/697 and Corr.1, para. 81).
I. Decision adopted by the Working Party at the first part of its twenty-ninth session
In addition, both the Emergency and Technical Sections of UNHCR have a number of formal stand-by arrangements with NGOs for the provision of staff in the early days of an emergency.
ITC activities were designed to translate policy and strategy developments into actual business opportunities and to enable the exporting community to derive full benefits from these opportunities.
Those involved held rallies, performed dances and traditional songs to raise public awareness of the issues surrounding child labour, and converged in Geneva in June 1998, at the start of the annual meeting of the ILO to define new standards on extreme forms of child labour.
Their separate rights to self-determination were explicitly recognized in 1956 and 1958 by the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and subsequently by the United Nations.
UNICEF programmes have been expanded to reach not only infants and young children but also adolescents and youth.
“1. Each State Party in the territory of which an offence set forth in article 1, paragraph 1, of this Convention is committed, or in the territory of which an alleged offender is present, shall, in accordance with international law and its legislation and when convinced that justifying circumstances exist, take that person into custody or take other measures, in accordance with its legislation, to ensure his presence for such time as is necessary to enable any criminal or extradition proceedings to be instituted.”
From this point of view the bringing into service of the second courtroom has made a decisive contribution to improving the design and management of the court calendar.
34. In addition to projects aimed at the reinforcement of human rights non-governmental organizations and certain segments of civil society, the Field Office continues to follow developments in the field of human rights and political transition.
112. During the reporting period, the two libraries received donations from the Canadian, Danish and Irish Governments; various Canadian and United States associations; and non-governmental organizations for human rights and university and/or research institutions, particularly from Germany and Switzerland.
The Office has contributed to ongoing efforts to ensure a more coherent and integrated response to complex crises, for example through the “strategic framework” approach in Afghanistan.
A joint project of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme and the Centre for International Crime Prevention is under way in the Russian Federation to control drug trafficking and organized crime.
The Advisory Committee agrees with the Board that the reasons given by the administration for the increase are unacceptable (para. 60).
If a fundamental accounting assumption is not followed, that fact should be disclosed together with the reasons;
24. Invites creditor countries, private banks and multilateral financial institutions, within their prerogatives, to continue the initiatives and efforts to address both the commercial debt problems of the least developed countries and the requests for continued mobilization of resources through the Debt-reduction Facility of the International Development Association in order to help least developed countries reduce their commercial debt;
Non-living marine resources include beach and nearshore minerals, deep sea minerals, offshore oil and gas, and chemicals and freshwater from the sea. Deep sea minerals
6.3.2 Delete the current footnote (a) to the table in paragraph 6.3.2 and renumber the remaining footnote (b) as footnote (a).
28. UNICEF has made significant investment in training packages in communication for use in developing countries in accordance with recommendation 7.
The AGBM took note of his intention to propose, in his oral report to the Conference of the Parties at its third session (see para. 23 below), that the Chairmen of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation make a joint proposal to the eighth sessions of those bodies on the allocation to them of preparatory work to enable the first session of the Meeting of the Parties after the entry into force of the protocol to accomplish the tasks assigned to it by the protocol.
4. At its 2nd meeting, on 17 September, the Committee decided to establish an open-ended Working Group on International Cooperation in the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space of the Special Political and Decolonization Committee (Fourth Committee), to be chaired by the delegation of India, to prepare the draft resolution on the item.
4. The following interpreter posts were abolished: in New York, three P-2s; in Geneva, six P-2s and three P-3s; in Vienna, five P-3s.
His Excellency Sheikh Jamil Ibrahim al-Hegelan, Secretary-General of the Gulf Cooperation Council, also attended.
Chief, Contracts Management, Engineering and Maintenance Services
(g) United Nations Third Seminar on Space Futures and Human Security, to be held in the province of Tyrol, Austria;
In Lebanon, the Agency with project funding completed a facility to accommodate 55 displaced and impoverished refugee families in Beddawi camp (see para. 166).
WORKING GROUP ON DEFINITION OF WAR CRIMES
12. Initiatives by the European Union, the Government of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and international organizations, including the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, calling for independent investigations into alleged massacres and arbitrary killings in Kosovo have gained momentum in the last month.
There were no other requests for reimbursement under the new arrangements for contingent-owned equipment for those two missions.
(g) An inter-agency Task force on trade efficiency comprising UNCTAD, ITC and ECE meets bi-monthly.
(b) What types of information, to be provided by governments and intergovernmental organizations, are necessary if exporters from developing countries are to identify, analyse and capture market opportunities and niche markets, and establish business contacts?
Another delegation said that its Government valued highly the activities of the information component in the United Nations office in Minsk, and another speaker praised the activities of the United Nations information centre in Accra.
Among those participating were reportedly members of the PLC.
230. The Committee emphasized that the realignment of the Centre for International Crime Prevention with the United Nations International Drug Control Programme should result in better coordination between these entities and should produce important synergies, while safeguarding the multidisciplinary aspects of drug control policy.
(a) Staff members who are unable to perform their duties by reason of illness or injury, or whose attendance at work is prevented by public health requirements, will be granted sick leave.
The helicopter would be provided through a reconfiguration of the air support resources already approved for the Mission.
The final estimates of expenditure for 1998-1999 will therefore consist of the level of expenditure approved for 1996-1997, to which will be added the amount required to maintain that level of resources in 1998-1999 at 1997 prices, plus resource growth for a limited number of items and an allowance for inflation.
They will also provide legal advice, as required, to the Special Representative of the Secretary-General.
11. We call upon national parliaments to ratify, accept or approve the Charter of the Organization as soon as possible, being convinced that the Parliamentary Assembly of BSEC will also assist in this respect.
A summary of the Board’s main recommendations are reported in paragraph 11. The detailed findings of the audit are discussed in paragraphs 12 to 225.
Letter dated 5 February 1998 from the Permanent Representatives of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the Joint Declaration of the Bangladesh-India-Pakistan Business Summit, held at Dhaka on 15 January 1998 (A/53/69)
Study visits to the Swedish Competition Authority and to the United Kingdom and the participation of the Board’s officials in several conferences in the field of competition law and policy were financed.
Responses received for the preparation of the present report indicate that development challenges are becoming more complex, requiring greater cooperation and the convergence of the work of different organizations in the follow-up to global conferences.
Provision of $5,000 for the period from 15 April to 30 June 1998 and $10,000 for the period from 1 July to 30 November 1998 is based on the estimated monthly cost of $2,000 and covers bank charges, legal fees and miscellaneous services not covered elsewhere.
167. The recent establishment within the Chamber of Deputies of the Commission du réglement interne et des droits de l’homme (Commission on Human Rights) is a welcome initiative.
(a) To take the necessary logistic steps, in collaboration with Member States and the institutes of the United Nations Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Programme network, to mobilize the participation of interested partners in the preparations for the four workshops;
The success of microlending has resulted in an exponential growth in the demand for microcredit, and the need has arisen for MFIs to mobilize funds from sources other than stagnating official development funds and limited concessional credit.
UNDCP is in the process of creating a security zone to combat trafficking from Afghanistan to the neighbouring countries.
It concluded that even though the Assembly, in its resolution 52/216, had not mentioned a specific time-frame for the finalization of the review, there was no reason for a postponement.
196. It was observed that some of the activities under subprogramme 1, Promotional services, and subprogramme 2, Information services, appeared to be similar and thus required clarification.
Anticipatory planned adaptation is particularly important to reduce vulnerability to climate change.
A number of submissions and comments were received by the Secretary-General, who wishes to express his appreciation for all the contributions.
PREPARATORY COMMITTEE ON THE ESTABLISHMENT OF AN INTERNATIONAL CRIMINAL COURT
All these activities are expected to continue and in some cases intensify over the medium-term future.
The emergency session was the third of its kind to be held by the Assembly on the Har Homa issue.
ECLAC Economic Commission for Latin America and the Caribbean
In 1996, a refrigerator truck transporting Chinese nationals was stopped at the State frontier between Ukraine and Slovakia.
The present report responds to resolution 52/70 B and updates the information previously provided, avoiding, as much as possible, duplication of the material contained in the reports submitted to the Committee.
It has mapped out a series of public information activities to raise the awareness of individuals and societies of the consequences of drug trafficking and drug abuse.
19. Notes that 1999 has been declared the International Year of Older Persons, and calls upon the Office of the High Commissioner to make renewed efforts to ensure that the rights, needs and dignity of elderly refugees are fully respected and addressed through appropriate programme activities;
It is also suggested that steps be taken to reflect and duly take into account in national legislation the holistic and comprehensive approach to the implementation of the rights of the child recommended by the Committee.
+ In its decision 1992/105, the Sub—Commission decided, pursuant to Council resolution 1991/32, to vote on resolutions, decisions and any proposals of a substantive nature under agenda item 6 of its forty—fourth session by secret ballot, whenever a vote was requested thereon.
112. With WHO technical assistance, the Ministry of Health has started a programme aimed at reforming the sector.
IHO and IMO have also decided jointly that draft regulation 9 of the new chapter V of the SOLAS Convention be reflected in the General Assembly resolution on the item “Oceans and the law of the sea”.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the report of the Special Rapporteur of the Commission on Human Rights on measures to combat contemporary forms of racism, racial discrimination, xenophobia and related intolerance (resolution 52/109), A/53/269.
Because electronic subscriptions have proved to be more cost-effective and timely, the Library has continued its efforts to replace print with electronic subscriptions whenever possible and to initiate cost recovery where feasible.
They can be contacted at the following address:
4. The preparatory work on the priority human resources issues identified by the Commission at its summer (1998) session, i.e., job classification and ethics, will commence immediately; that work shall also be referred to the Working Group.
As required by its Financial Regulations, the Office maintains the following accounts:
ACC members wish to emphasize that in the context of national execution, national authorities fully retain their prerogative to resort to United Nations agencies for placements and administration of fellowships if they so wish.
At the same time, FAO also involved a large number of local non-governmental organizations as implementing partners, with a view to facilitating their gaining national capacity.
The report examines action taken to implement General Assembly resolutions that were adopted from 1990 to 1995.
Seventy per cent of the WPCs’ running costs was covered by participation fees for training courses, kindergartens and other activities, with the remaining 30 per cent covered by UNRWA.
The United States would like to keep it that way.
The project includes the preparation of an inventory of greenhouse gas emissions from different sources; assessment of Lebanon’s vulnerability to climatic change; and an investigation of ways and means to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from the country and the impact of these measures on the national economy.
(a) The following is an analysis of the amount shown in statement VI as deferred charges as at 31 December 1997 (in United States dollars):
Aid was seen as contributing to capital accumulation (human, as well as physical).
She also claimed that she was harassed by settlers who verbally abused her and threw stones at her house.
(d) To project the role and importance of the right to development as part of the overall promotion and protection of human rights;
Noting also that, as a case study pointing to successful decolonization, Tokelau has wider significance for the United Nations as it seeks to complete its work in decolonization,
There should, therefore, be no distinction between the role of the members of the Committee and the observers, except in the case of voting, as stipulated in paragraph 3 of rule 72 of the rules of procedure of the Economic and Social Council.
Caribbean countries and territories members of the commonwealth will assess the feasibility of establishing subregional protection schemes for witnesses, prosecutors and judges, as well as sentencing options and alternatives to incarceration.
The Committee notes that countries undergoing transition have a unique political opportunity to improve the situation of women as an integral part of the successful transition to democracy and a free market economy.
2. Since the issue of the annotated preliminary list on 15 June 1998, the following documents relating to the agenda have been circulated:
With environmental legislation drawing tighter almost everywhere, financial sector stakeholders are beginning to demand improved levels of environmental data.
Item 15. Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the seventeenth session of the Commission
