Belarus received the news of the nuclear tests conducted by India and Pakistan with alarm and concern.
(d) Changing international demographic conditions, such as the AIDS pandemic, and new developments on such issues as international migration, as well as the ageing of populations, call for innovative strategies and policies at both the national and international levels.
I should like to express my thanks and sincere appreciation for the concern you demonstrated during your recent visit to Lebanon.
The database currently contained information on a total of 621 licensed vessels from Canada and the United States.
33. The situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo has again deteriorated.
These should be administrative measures, of a preventive, not punitive, character, duly safeguarding the officials' rights.
* With a view to a formal meeting following the adjournment of the consultations.
Due to the United Nations Office at Nairobi (Telecommunications bills) 666 578
Mbanzulu Pépé Bikandu (FONUS member): arrested on 7 February.
The conference, being convened by the organization Health, Empowerment, Rights and Accountability, has requested representatives from all regions to provide a regional overview of the implementation of the Programme of Action, specifically focusing on the financing and partnership commitments.
Two Parties (CAN, NOR) projected a decrease in SF6 emissions for 2000, mainly as a consequence of improved production practices in the magnesium industry, while the other seven projected an increase.
Sources: Reports of the Special Committee against Apartheid, the United Nations Council for Namibia and the Ad Hoc Working Group of Experts on southern Africa; information received from non-governmental organizations.
It also recommended that the Assembly consider the possibility of making specific suggestions to intergovernmental bodies on how that reduction could be accomplished.
(d) Business practices/trade facilitation 11
8. Operative paragraph 3 was adopted by a recorded vote of 144 to none.
6. Illicit drug traffic and supply, including reports of subsidiary bodies of the Commission.
In Norway, according to the communication, gasoline consumption dropped by 8 per cent from 1990 to 1995 partly because of significant CO2 and general tax rate increases.
15.17 The subprogramme will focus, inter alia, on (a) the identification and understanding of social and economic issues in the areas of population and rural and urban development that are directly related to the alleviation of poverty; (b) advocacy to increase the awareness of the critical issues in population and rural and urban development among policy makers, civil society and individuals; and (c) the development of appropriate population, rural and urban strategies and policies to improve the quality of life of the poor.
Because of their substantive implications, points (1) and (4) are addressed in greater detail.
The project covers institution-building and water quality and ecological monitoring in six countries – Benin, Cameroon, Côte d’Ivoire, Ghana, Nigeria and Togo.
III. Recommendation of the Second Committee
Such conclusions and recommendations will include, as appropriate, elements relating to:
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 98 (f).
The present report contains the financial performance report of the United Nations Angola Verification Mission (UNAVEM III) for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997.
138. Financing of the United Nations Mission in Bosnia and Herzegovina
The support of the international community has played an important role in this effort.
It encourages the State party to cooperate closely with non-governmental organizations.
UNCTAD and its Commissions could play a crucial role in this respect, being the most universal forum for an integrated approach to trade and development issues.
108. The observer for the CMI said the purpose of the provision was to provide freedom to maritime authorities wishing to detain or prevent ships from sailing within their jurisdiction for safety reasons.
“1. Each State Party in the territory of which an offence set forth in article 1, paragraph 1, of this Convention is committed, or in the territory of which an alleged offender is present, shall, in accordance with international law and its legislation and when convinced that justifying circumstances exist, take that person into custody or take other measures, in accordance with its legislation, to ensure his presence for such time as is necessary to enable any criminal or extradition proceedings to be instituted.”
Noting also the report of the intended closure of the foreign military bases and installations in the Territory,
Within twelve months of the entry into force of this Protocol for that Party and on or before [the] 15th [day of] April of each year thereafter, shall submit to the Conference of the Parties, through the secretariat, a certificate signed by a duly authorized official of that Party, which contains the following information:
Borrowers are organized into groups, which reduces the risk of default.
After the vote, statements were made by the representatives of the United States, Liechtenstein, the Russian Federation, New Zealand, France, Germany and Spain.
Questions from the Second Committee representatives of the United Republic of Tanzania (on behalf of the Group of 77 and China), Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Union) and Poland were posed to the Panellists.
This year, in some instances, funds were contributed so late that many activities had to be cut or suspended.
These initiatives, aimed at structuring society around civic values and attitudes, should be encouraged.
The first of these aspects seems to have lost much of its salience.
19. A presentation was made of an example of an electronic payment system (Digicash), which allowed experts to understand how such a system works in practice.
The United Nations home page receives an average of 1.4 million hits per week, and approximately 15,000 documents are downloaded from ODS weekly.
A key factor contributing to the effectiveness of competition laws and policies has been the possession of enough information by competition authorities.
Both organizations participated in the International Chernobyl Project.
The individuals to fill the posts have already been selected, and it is expected that both will take up their positions before the end of 1998.
56. In the environmental sector, UNDP is extending assistance to the Government for the formulation of a local Agenda 21.
He outlined China's reforms aimed at creating an enabling environment for foreign direct investment and pointed to the positive contributions that foreign investment had made to the economic growth of China in recent years.
Letter dated 13 March 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Bulgaria to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General, transmitting the joint declaration of the Ministers for Foreign Affairs of countries of south-eastern Europe concerning the situation in Kosovo, adopted at Sofia on 10 March 1998 (A/53/84–S/1998/234)
The country also had to purchase industrial and agricultural products at second hand and at elevated prices.
ITC, in liaison with United Nations Headquarters, should review the accounting treatment of deferred charges and deferred income to ensure that it is consistent with best accounting practice (para. 13).
In addition, interrogators threatened to kill them and cited the names of persons who had died during interrogation.
Furthermore, it stressed that adequate resources would need to be allocated for this exercise.
These principles relate to four main areas, discussed below.
3. Decides that the Special Committee will hold its next session from 12 to 23 April 1999;
The additional requirements for the year 2000 would be dealt with in the context of the preparation of the proposed programme budget for the biennium 2000–2001.
a The comparative column reflects the period from 1 July 1995 to 30 June 1996 to conform to the new reporting cycle from 1 July to 30 June for peacekeeping missions adopted by the General Assembly in its resolution 49/233 of 23 December 1994.
7. Encourages States to consider ratifying or acceding to the Vienna Convention on the Law of Treaties between States and International Organizations or between International Organizations,6 international organizations that have signed the Convention to deposit an act of formal confirmation of the Convention and other international organizations entitled to do so to accede to it at an early date;
WFP northern sector food assistance reached an average of 148,000 beneficiaries each month.
(b) Table 2, current status of 1999 estimated income from voluntary sources;
The announcements in this section are reproduced as received.
80. Rationalization of the work and reform of the agenda of the First Committee
Western European and other States (Sweden)
The fourth session was held from 1 to 31 October 1997 and the fifth session from 21 September to 16 October 1998.
The provisional agenda, annotations, list of documents and work plan are contained in document DP/1998/L.1.
These States were: Australia, 4 June 1998; Canada, 3 November 1997; Chile, 8 May 1998; France, 8 August 1997; Mongolia, 19 December 1997; the Netherlands, 10 December 1997; Portugal, 29 June 1998; and Switzerland, 2 December 1997.
Letter dated 9 July 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Ethiopia to the United Nations addressed to the Secretary-General
Note verbale dated 29 May 1998 from the Permanent Mission
(a) The Committee is particularly concerned with article 55 of the Code in accordance with which a suspect may be placed in “incommunicado” detention until a decision is taken as to whether he should be committed to stand trial, and with the fact that during this period the judge may restrict contact by the suspect with a lawyer.
774. The Committee also welcomes the fact that the amount of resources allocated to social expenditures has been increased since the ratification of the Convention by Bangladesh.
1See Report of the Conference of Foreign Ministers of the Non-Aligned Countries, Georgetown, Guyana, 1972.
The Assistant Secretary-General is assisted in carrying out his responsibilities by a Special Assistant (P-5) and a Political Affairs Officer (P-3).
The Vice-Chairman, on behalf of the Chairman, after thanking all participants for their cooperation throughout the meeting, declared the fifth session of the SBI closed.
Resident coordinators confirm that in most programme countries, initiatives to establish a common country assessment are under way or are planned.
4. Table 1 of the annex presents data on the engagement of consultants and individual contractors by department or office for 1996–1997.
Lifetime of activity if different from ending date:c)
If the organization so determines, the coastal State may for that area adopt laws and regulations for the prevention, reduction and control of pollution from vessels implementing such international rules and standards or navigational practices as are made applicable, through the organization, for “special areas”.
2. In my closing address at the last meeting of the fifty-first session of the General Assembly, on 15 September 1997, I shared my assessment of the work done within the year and commented on the future as well.
239. The representative of CCAQ expressed concern about the information provided by the secretariat.
Sometimes these factors are purely political or military and can be corrected by political and military measures (for example, the negotiated settlement of a frontier dispute, accompanied by separation of forces).
45. Although some progress has been made to improve the management of letters of assist, as indicated in paragraph 68 of the report of the Board of Auditors, the Advisory Committee notes that many of the other deficiencies previously identified still persist (see paras. 68–87).
And in order for the elections in our country to be truly free and fair, we must create conditions for and wholeheartedly welcome participation in monitoring the elections by observers from Kazakhstan and the international community.
21. Invites donor and recipient countries to consider including in their bilateral programmes and projects relating to the training of armed forces, security forces, prison personnel and police personnel, as well as health-care personnel, matters relating to the protection of human rights and the prevention of torture and to keep in mind a gender perspective;
For instance, opportunities for movement to the Professional category are limited by the number of posts set aside for the G-P examination. Moreover, there is a notable lack of mobility of General Service staff between departments: out of a total of 168 General Service staff who were promoted between 1 July 1997 and 30 June 1998, only four moved between departments and offices.
Since the inception of UNAVEM III on 9 February 1995, provisions and related expenditures had been limited to freight charges related to the transfer of used vehicles from the United Nations Logistics Base at Brindisi and other peacekeeping operations.
Those data showed that the majority of employers required its staff, or staff in certain positions, to have knowledge of and work in an additional language. No premium was paid, however, by any of the employers.
Strategies were needed to ensure that the results of joint research and development projects would be retained in developing countries.
Annexes Financial performance information since inception (15 October 1992) as at 30 June 1997: summary statement
The Committee also encourages the State party to use the principles and provisions of the Convention as a framework for its programmes of international development assistance.
However, some members remained skeptical.
As a consequence, a total of $193.2 million in unrecorded obligations remain payable to Member States for the period prior to 16 June 1993 but are not shown as liabilities for that period.
(ff) Urges States, particularly countries of origin of refugees, resolutely to cooperate at the bilateral, regional and universal levels to address the underlying causes of refugee flows, both in a preventive and curative manner, and to facilitate just and lasting solutions;
(b) UNSO has undertaken a study of the population in dry areas, notably in Africa. Similar studies are planned for the Asian and Latin American regions.
438. Production of medicines from marine sources is an ongoing industry.
The Commission was informed that UNCTAD was currently interested in cooperating with the Commission with respect to rules relating to electronic commerce.
UNCHS (Habitat) continued its collaboration with the Organization of American States in the development and application of building codes and settlements planning tools for disaster mitigation.
Since 1993, the International Finance Corporation has built a portfolio of 17 projects with a total value of US$ 666 million covering three main sectors: capital markets, construction materials and infrastructure.
Document: Note by the Secretary-General transmitting the third annual report of the International Tribunal for Rwanda, A/53/429–S/1998/857.
SCHEDULED MEETINGS Friday, 31 October 1997
This suggested that at the next session, with the help of the framework compilation to be prepared by the Chairman, the AGBM could look forward to more concrete discussions and to developing a negotiating text.
Subsequently, the Department established and continues to maintain a list of United Nations focal points, which was communicated to OAS in order to facilitate more pragmatic and cost-effective cooperation between the two systems.
The officials stated that the man was serving a nine-year sentence handed down by a Palestinian court for his involvement in the murder of collaborators and the abduction of two border policemen in 1996.
Statements would be made on behalf of regional groups, to be followed by an opportunity for statements by representatives of United Nations agencies and other intergovernmental organizations and one NGO representative.
The Committee resumed its general discussion on the relevant sections of Part IV of this agenda item and heard statements by the representatives of Cuba, Ghana (on behalf of the African Group), Ethiopia, Côte d' Ivoire, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
It was planned that the Appointment and Promotion Board would consider proposals for promotion from the General Service to the Professional category without the need for the examination.
On instructions from my Government and further to our earlier letters concerning Israel's attacks on southern Lebanon and the Western Bekaa and the arbitrary practices against the civilian inhabitants in which it engages on a daily basis, I have the honour to notify you of the series of such incidents that took place in September 1998.
In practice, however, determining the amount of funding requirements may involve difficult negotiations and a complicated and time-consuming project approval cycle.For the implementation of the Montreal Protocol in India, the incremental costs of conversion to phase out ODS were estimated by the Indian Government at US$ 1.4-2.4 billion, about four times the size of the entire Multilateral Fund for the period 1993-1995, while the World Bank estimated the costs of Indian conversion at US$ 320-482 million (Duncan Brack, International Trade and the Environment, Royal Institute of International Affairs, p.89).
ALIDE Latin American Association of Development Finance Institutions (Asociación Latinoamericana de Instituciones XVII(I)
6. UNCITRAL - Working Group on Electronic Commerce, thirty-fourth session [General Assembly resolution 2928 (XXVII)]
Report of the Secretary-General on the preparations for the special session of the General Assembly for an overall review and appraisal of the implementation of the Programme of Action of the International Conference on Population and Development (A/53/407)
Large investors diversify their asset portfolio in order to optimize their risk/return ratio.
Widespread and indiscriminate attacks against the civilian population, involving the loss of innumerable human lives, and a general climate of violence heighten the responsibilities of the State party to re—establish and maintain the conditions necessary for the enjoyment and protection of fundamental rights and freedoms in Algeria.
Ms. Irma Ertman, Deputy Director General, Ministry for Foreign Affairs
5. In case of division, the two sides emphasized the principle of equal share for all littoral States and equitable exploitation of the resources of the Caspian Sea.
The Secretary-General firmly believes that reform is an ongoing process and intends to take further action to improve the United Nations procurement system.
Regulations have often prevented health care professionals from advertising prices, discounts and services.
An account of the Committee’s consideration of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.2/53/SR.28 and 42).
Progress report on research and systematic observation.
At its ninth session, the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development had decided, in paragraph 107 (c) of its report entitled "A Partnership for Growth and Development" (A/51/308), that the regular session of the Board "will be convened in one part in autumn for approximately 10 working days".
Trust fund for the enhancement of the capacity of the United Nations Transition Mission in Haiti
(e) The Committee notes the efforts made by the host country mission concerning the problem of parking of diplomatic vehicles and requests the host country to continue to take steps, in conjunction with the City of New York, to resolve this problem in order to maintain appropriate conditions for the functioning of the delegations and missions and missions accredited to the United Nations in a manner that is fair, non-discriminatory, efficient and consistent with international law, to bring to the attention of New York City officials reports from the diplomatic community about cases of discriminatory treatment against diplomats in order to ameliorate the situation and to promote compliance with international norms concerning diplomatic privileges and immunities, and to continue to consult with the Committee on these important issues.
It also continued in closed meeting its activities under articles 20 (inquiries) and 22 (individual communications) of the Convention.
The motive of the Japanese imperialists for committing the forced drafting and kidnapping lies in the fact that it was a direct result of the adventurous war of aggression provoked by Japan itself.
(d) External debt crisis and development
Ten Parties gave in addition projections for 2020 and 13 Parties provided sectoral projections only partially.
2. Decides that priorities shall continue to be established in the medium-term plan, which is the principal policy directive of the United Nations, and shall guide the allocation of resources in subsequent programme budgets through the mechanisms provided for in General Assembly resolution 41/213;
There was reportedly an escalation in tension in the Gaza Strip, with daily incidents of shooting at IDF patrols reported during the week.
There shall be no obstruction in an opening leading to a vent or pressure-relief device which might restrict or cut-off the flow from the shell to that device.
If this proposal is implemented, UNDCP would recover an additional amount of $650,000 for agency execution in 1996-1997.
The results are intended solely to illustrate the effect of changes in the "net" interest rate assumption and in the market value of the assets.
Each Party not so listed shall make its initial communication within three years of the entry into force of the Protocol for that Party.
As part of its conclusions, the Conference recommended that a mechanism, including Government representatives, representatives of the United Nations system and civil society, should be established to follow up on its results.
A second alternative would be the timely preparation by the Administrative Committee on Coordination, in consultation with Member States and staff representatives, of a roster of candidates that would serve as the sole source of nominees for membership to the Commission.
However there are still many areas where there is an urgent need to expand these measurements if we are to understand the full implementations of climate change.
35. The Commission strongly supported the audit findings on the importance of having direct access to a centralized cohesive database related to human resources data for each United Nations common system organization.
299. The representative of ICAO drew the Commission’s attention to a workshop on diversity that had been held at ICAO, noting that the activity was mentioned in the secretariat’s compendium of best practice.
(e) To respect fully all the rights of individuals in Kosovo, whatever their ethnic, cultural or religious backgrounds, so as to guarantee equitable treatment of their values and historic patrimony and so as to preserve and permit expression of their national, cultural, religious and linguistic identities in accordance with international standards and the Helsinki Final Act;
Regulation 4.2 states that the plan “shall reflect Member States’ priorities as set out in legislation adopted by functional and regional intergovernmental bodies within their spheres of competence and by the General Assembly, on advice from the Committee for Programme and Coordination”.
Prior to 16 June 1993, UNFICYP operations were funded solely by voluntary contributions in cash and in kind.
This would address the old and new issues faced by the international community, based on the persistent problems and emerging trends;
For this purpose, UNEP is proposing a consortium of several competent organizations and institutions coordinated by UNEP to implement Phase 1 of this activity.
Tanks shall be hydraulically tested and internally inspected at intervals not exceeding 2.5 years.
Moreover it is a further example of Turkey's complete disrespect for other people's cultural heritage and the religious intolerance practised by that country.
5. Concern was expressed at the absolute and proportionate decline in technical assistance activities in least developed countries, in contrast to the priorities agreed on at Midrand.
Replace paragraph (a) with the following:
I should be grateful if you would have the text of the present letter circulated as a document of the General Assembly, under items 40 and 85, entitled "The situation in the Middle East" and "Report of the Special Committee to Investigate Israeli Practices Affecting the Human Rights of the Palestinian People and Other Arabs of the Occupied Territories, respectively, of the provisional agenda, and of the Security Council.
The NGO Forum will provide non-governmental organizations with the opportunity to formulate their contribution to the international forum and the special session.
217. The representative concluded by emphasizing difficulties caused by lack of resources, noting that the high level of foreign debt servicing, combined with the low levels of international aid, meant that there were few resources to implement programmes, including those for the advancement of women.
31. Commission on the Status of Women, forty-third session [Economic and Social Council resolutions 11 (II), 1147 (XLI) and 1987/21]
“5. Deplores the violations by Israel of the Geneva Convention relative to the Protection of Civilian Persons in Time of War, of 12 August 1949; “6.
14. In accordance with the procedure established by the General Assembly in its resolution 1696 (XVI), applications for scholarships received by the United Nations Secretariat from inhabitants of Non-Self-Governing Territories are transmitted simultaneously to the offering States for consideration and to the administering Powers for information.
This is reflected in the absence of any special temporary measures to remedy the situation, as well as the lack of Government willingness to consider any such measures.
Total expenditures for the 6-month period from 1 January 1996 to 30 June 1996 amounted to $9.3 million.
(e) [as (d) in alternative 3 in JIGE(IX)/2, page 13];
There would be no redundancy since there are no overlaps in the functions of the posts concerned.
Advances for International Fund for Agricultural Development projects The amount of US$ 2,695,479 shown in statement II represents balances due to Government for funds received in advance for projects funded by IFAD loans and to IFAD itself for funds received related to loan administration and project supervision.
This should be borne in mind when the decision to impose them is taken, and when the results are subsequently evaluated.
Countries, thus, needed to address discrimination based on gender to guarantee women’s right to health.
If judicial institutions are wanting in that respect, priority should initially be given to establishing extrajudicial commissions of inquiry and to ensuring the preservation of, and access to, the archives concerned.
Note by the Secretary-General, transmitting the report of the ninth meeting of persons chairing the human rights treaty bodies, convened at Geneva from 25 to 27 February 1998 (A/53/125)
400. The Committee is concerned that the Convention is not an integral part of the national legislation and that national laws and regulations are not fully consistent with the principles and provisions of the Convention.
21. I strongly encourage all countries members of the Committee to implement the principles and measures contained in the Bata Declaration, which they adopted unanimously, in order to promote lasting democracy, peace and development in Central Africa (see document A/53/258, annex II, appendix I).
103. In line with its impact on legal communication trends, information technology has strengthened international criminal networks, allowing minority groups, including pornographers, to exchange information for training and other illegal purposes.
55. In paragraph 9 of the resolution, the Assembly invited the Economic and Social Council to request all its subsidiary bodies to carry out the same review.
The goal of the publication is to assist developing countries in the collection, maintenance and analysis of crime and criminal justice data and information.
DDSMS Department for Development Support and Management Services of the United Nations Secretariat
As from Tuesday, 2 December 1997, and for the rest of the month, the President of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/4).
Moreover, the Ethiopian Government invited the Red Cross representative to be present when the individuals were transported.
An amount of $65,410 has been authorized for expenditure to date against the trust fund for a road works project in UNOMIG;
12. The Ministers emphasized the need to intensify cooperation and multifaceted trade between their countries, inter alia, by revitalizing economic groups, so as to encourage mixing of their peoples and to establish a culture of peace and of dialogue in the customs of the subregion.
A report on the mission is to be submitted to the Committee at its seventeenth session.
Thus, renewed consideration might be given by Member States to making multi-year pledges of their voluntary contributions.
“(b) Report of the Conference on Disarmament;
It concluded that even though the Assembly, in its resolution 52/216, had not mentioned a specific time-frame for the finalization of the review, there was no reason for a postponement.
2 Official Records of the General Assembly, Forty-sixth Session, Supplement No. 7A (A/46/7/Add.1–16), document A/46/7/Add.8.
Such cooperative arrangements combine the benefits of both clustering and networking.
A text of the note to be given to the parties appears in the annex to the present report.
14. Upon the nomination of the representative of Egypt, the Committee elected by acclamation Mr. Abdullahi Abubakar (Nigeria) to serve as a Vice-Chairman and complete an unexpired term of office in the Bureau.
(a) Revise administrative instruction ST/AI/213/Rev.1 to reflect the new policies and procedures that have been adopted since its issuance;
31. In addition to financial audits of common and support services, the Office of Internal Oversight Services has now begun to conduct management audits, which should contribute to the formulation of normative standards for United Nations support services.
2. Further requests the Director-General to report on the measures taken to implement the present resolution to the Industrial Development Board at its twentieth regular session.
Personnel, material and administrative measures to provide for the security and control of United Nations assets are systematically implemented in peacekeeping operations.
A. Global rates of interception of heroin and cocaine at a time of expansion of international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods 73-86 22 B. Law enforcement methods to improve rates of interception 87-100 27
Report of the Office of Internal Oversight Services on the audit of the use of consultants
5. Submission of reports by States parties under article 9, paragraph 1, of the Convention.
Stressing the importance of creating an economic, political, social, cultural and legal environment that will enable people to achieve social development at the national and international levels,
135. The Committee also decided to recommend to the General Assembly that the revisions to programme 24 be reviewed by the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
However, at the district, commune and village levels, lower-ranking party members and activists faced threats and intimidation.
It is difficult to concur with many of them.
The center will be open from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 2 p.m. to 6 p.m. until today, 14 November.
25. The Fifth Committee held four informal meetings presided by its Chairman, at which it considered in a comprehensive manner questions relating, inter alia, to the organization of its work, the role of the Bureau and measures to ensure the timely issuance of documentation.
14. The Board of Trustees made project grant recommendations earmarking all available funds, i.e. US$ 4,210,000, of which $100,000 was for urgent grants falling between annual sessions of the Board of Trustees.
Introduction of draft resolution A/C.2/52/L.30
7. Commends the Governments concerned for their sacrifices in providing assistance and protection to refugees, returnees and internally displaced persons and for their efforts to promote voluntary repatriation in safety and with dignity and other durable solutions;
Replace the text of existing subparagraph (d) (new subparagraph (e)) with the following:
It pointed out that coastal fisheries in small island developing States, once abundant, had become scarce owing to overfishing by both artisanal and small-scale commercial fishing activity.
2. I have had the opportunity to meet with him on several occasions, and I am pleased to note the provision of availability, dialogue and cooperation on his part.
The Parties shall broaden cooperation with a view to improving the effectiveness and strengthening the role of the United Nations as the universal body for maintaining world peace and security.
The Committee further suggests that a comprehensive and multidisciplinary study be undertaken to understand the scope of the phenomenon of adolescent health problems, such as early pregnancies and suicide.
Educational campaigns should be undertaken and institutional mechanisms should be established to address all forms of violence against women, and to provide assistance to victims of violence.
1. Question of review and possible revision of the Principles Relevant to the Use of Nuclear Power Sources in Outer Space
In view of its financial limitations, emphasis will have to be placed by UNDP, as the main United Nations system partner of the Government, on providing access for the country to the technical expertise and knowledge available throughout the United Nations system in a future cooperation programme.
2. A policy statement on the subject of UNEP policy on non-governmental organizations and other major groups was issued on 30 October 1996 following a consultation process with selected non-governmental organizations and with the Executive Committee of UNEP.
(b) Report of the Secretary-General (A/53/263).
B. Replies received from Governments . 3
Rehabilitation of medical facilities in the areas affected by the civil war is also under way.
35. Over the past three and a half years, the Department has achieved the integration of approximately 30 United Nations information centres with field offices of the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
Another donor would provide technical assistance and funding to introduce computer training at UNRWA training centres.
• Greater interaction between the Bureau of the Council and the bureaux of functional commissions is essential.
Even where such support programmes are intended for all enterprises, as in Singapore, they started as SME-targeted programmes; the coverage has been widened by raising the eligibility threshold because of the need to respond to the requirements of growing local enterprises.
– 32 cases involving drugs, of which 15 have been reviewed;
The Committee thus concluded consideration of agenda item 97 (f).
The Special Rapporteur also received complaints of ill-treatment during detention.
19. Requests the Secretary-General to make available the necessary resources for the participation of the least developed countries at the special session in accordance with past practice.
80. Corruption, trafficking in influence and breach of trust by officials are offences generally connected and usually carried out in the same context and by means of the same methods.
13. Also at the same meeting, the representative of the United States of America requested that draft decision A/C.5/52/L.26 be put to a vote.
“2. Recognizes that the Commission on Sustainable Development, within its mandate as specified in General Assembly resolution 47/191, will continue to provide the central forum for reviewing progress and urging further implementation of Agenda 21, the Programme for the Further Implementation of Agenda 21 and other commitments made at the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, for conducting a high-level policy debate aimed at consensus-building on sustainable development, and for catalyzing action and long-term commitment on sustainable development at all levels;
In each case, the estimate is the difference between a “without measures” scenario (numbers in parentheses) and a “with measures” or “IMA-measures” scenario that takes agreed climate protection measures into account wherever possible.
Goran Vusurovic’s new trial began in December 1997, but was then adjourned until June 1998.
There will be a meeting of the Mason Group today, 12 November 1997, from 9 a.m. to 11 a.m. in Conference Room 7.
Copies of these financial statements are also being transmitted to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions.
Salaries and allowances and conditions of service of staff; post adjustments for the staff in the Professional and higher categories; staff assessment; and travel.
278. The Committee expresses approval of the fact that Indonesia has established a Ministry for Women in the 1970s, even before its ratification of the Convention.
The second category of projects funded by the Foundation consists of project expenditure incurred in providing the Governments of developing countries, particularly those of the least developed countries, with technical assistance in the formulation of documents for human settlements projects to be submitted to the United Nations Development Programme and other funding agencies.
14. In its work on enterprise development strategy, UNCTAD was seeking closer cooperation with other United Nations bodies, notably with UNIDO, ITC, ILO and the United Nations regional commissions.
33. The memorandum noted that while there had been no serious efforts to investigate these incidents, government authorities had in many cases promptly concluded that they were robberies, personal disputes or acts of revenge.
“Recognizing that the implementation of the Declaration on the Right to Development Resolution 41/128, annex. requires effective development policies and support at the international level through the effective contribution of States, organs and organizations of the United Nations system and non-governmental organizations active in this field,
29. One instrumentality employed by SU/TCDC that is particularly noteworthy is the TCDC programming exercise, also known as capacity and needs matching exercises.
The proportion of these reports which were mandated has also increased each year, from exactly 50 per cent in 1995 to over 60 per cent in 1997 and 1998.
4 Professional (1 P-5, 2 P-4 and 1 P-2) and 2 General Service
The Committee believes that the workload of nine cases and 500 courtroom days assumed for 1999 appears to be ambitious.
Implementation of the Declaration on the Granting of Independence to Colonial Countries and Peoples
Will citizens flourish in the global economy or be marginalized?
Taking into account the constant aspiration of the two peoples to build democratic, law-based and secular States,
Denmark seeks compensation in the amount of 266,151 Danish krone (“DKr”) for rent that it prepaid for its embassy premises in Kuwait City during the period of the occupation.
By 125 votes to 3, with 40 abstentions (recorded vote), the General Assembly adopted the draft resolution recommended in paragraph 7 of the report (A/52/606) (resolution 52/44).
The three-day event focused on the impact that the Declaration has had on societies around the world.
3. The group suggests the following approach:
II. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization
In accordance with financial rule 110.14, and after a full investigation, the write-off of three uncollectable receivables amounting to $86,134 was approved by the Deputy Executive Director, under the authority of the Executive Director during the 1996–1997 biennium.
19. At the same time, the Under-Secretary-General has put in place the structures and working practices of the new Office.
The Committee notes, from the information provided in paragraph 9 of annex III.B, that, of the 171 vehicles to be replaced, as proposed in 1997 (A/C.5/52/21), 152 were replaced as anticipated in 1998 and 19 will be replaced in 1999, for which a provision of $282,900 is included.
Today, in many parts of Africa, efforts to break with the patterns of the past are at last beginning to succeed.
Published and electronic bibliographical tools, including the UNBIS database, “Human Rights on CD-ROM”, the Library’s Internet home page and indexing optical disk system (ODS) for documentary storage and information retrieval were developed to satisfy the needs of the Library’s official and global research clientele.
Several dozen Palestinians quickly joined the Council members who announced that their presence there was a meeting of the parliament, the first such meeting in Jerusalem.
6. At the 26th meeeting, on 11 November, the representative of Austria, on behalf of Algeria, Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Austria, Azerbaijan, Belgium, Bolivia, Botswana, Brazil, Bulgaria, Burkina Faso, Canada, Chile, China, Colombia, Côte d’Ivoire, Croatia, Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Egypt, Fiji, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Guatemala, Hungary, Iceland, India, the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kenya, Latvia, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malaysia, Mexico, Mongolia, Morocco, Myanmar, the Netherlands, Nigeria, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Romania, the Russian Federation, Singapore, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain, the Sudan, Sweden, Thailand, Turkey, Uganda, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland, the United States of America, Uruguay, Venezuela and Zimbabwe, introduced a draft resolution entitled “Report of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law on the work of its thirty-first session” (A/C.6/53/L.7).
129. In connection with the proposed revision contained in paragraphs 24.2 and 24.7, it was stressed that the Secretariat, in seeking to achieve the objectives of the programme, should ensure that those objectives were achieved according to the guidelines established by the General Assembly and resolutions of legislative bodies and on the basis of existing rules and regulations.
The implementation of guaranteeing systems was particularly difficult.
Some ACC member organizations are of the opinion that the most effective and appropriate way of disseminating good practices in oversight, as in other areas of system-wide concern, is by the continued use of the ACC sub-machinery.
The quantity of explosives dropped over Iraq amounts to seven times the destructive power of the nuclear bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima in Japan.
An account of the Committee’s discussion of the item is contained in the relevant summary records (A/C.3/53/SR.12–17 and 22 and 29).
There has been a trend over the past two biennia for member States to request more wide-ranging assistance, covering the whole gamut of services and activities of labour administration systems, rather than single operational services, such as labour inspection and public employment services.
All posts at the P-4 level have been reclassified accordingly, and the distribution of assignments reflects these changes.
ESCAP Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific
The SBI considered this item at its 1st and 5th meetings, on 20 and 29 October respectively.
The Assembly decided, on the proposal by the President, to postpone the balloting for the seat from among the Latin American and Caribbean States to a later date to be announced.
Pursuant to decree 94-211 of 11 March 1994, European Union nationals and their immediate family members may obtain a special residence permit (carte de séjour), normally valid for five years and renewable.
The functions of facilitating the consultative process with and disseminating information to the non-governmental community are the responsibility of two offices of the Secretariat, namely, the NGO Section of the Department of Economic and Social Affairs and the NGO Section of the Department of Public Information.
Examples of sectors that could benefit from anticipatory planned adaptation are infrastructure, such as, port and harbour facilities, flood-defence systems, water supply systems, sewage systems and urban systems.
These were seized by the Office under search warrants, with the assistance of troops of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and the Stabilization Force (SFOR).
15. Consolidation of the regime established by the Treaty for the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons in Latin America and the Caribbean (Treaty of Tlatelolco) (item 77).
Another factor to be taken into account is that there have been significantly fewer returnees than the representatives of returnee organizations had expected.
10A.3 The Trade and Development Report, the World Investment Report and The Least Developed Countries Report (annual) were major contributions to the intergovernmental and public debate on development policies, investment and specific problems facing the least developed countries.
Women and Kinship: Comparative Perspectives on Gender in South and South-East Asia.
Letter dated 11 November 1998 from the Permanent Representative of Indonesia to the United Nations, on behalf of the States Members of the United Nations that are members of the Group of 77 and China, addressed to the Chairman of the Second Committee (A/53/664)
It had before it a document FCCC/SB/1997/INF.1, which had been prepared by the secretariat.
Appointment of members of the Committee on Contributions
Between 0200 and 0530 hours an Israeli gunboat off the coast between the Qulaylah plain and Bayadah fired several bursts of medium-weapons fire in all directions.
V. Action by the Commission and proceedings of the closing plenary 48 - 53
Above all, I would like to emphasize that in the course of the consideration of our report the majority of distinguished experts clearly favoured the territorial integrity of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia; namely, they were against the actions threatening the integrity and political unity of the country.
5. As indicated in paragraph 3 of the report of the Secretary-General, in order to meet the cost of the most immediate and essential start-up requirements relating to the establishment and operation of UNOMSIL, the Advisory Committee had concurred in the Secretary-General’s request to enter into commitments in an amount not exceeding $10,624,200 gross ($10,409,500 net) for a four-month period from 13 July to 13 November 1998 (see annex below).
26. Cooperation between the United Nations and the Organization of the Islamic Conference.
UNCTAD (1997d). Draft chapter on agriculture for the Least Developed Countries Report 1997, [Geneva], mimeo.
13. Also calls upon the Secretary-General to exert all efforts to ensure that information to be presented to the media is made available to delegations fully and in a timely fashion;
(a) United Nations Disengagement Observer Force;
As a contribution to furthering human rights education at the national level, one of the four discussion groups of the Seminar was devoted to the preparation of national plans of action for human rights education.
Programme 13. International drug control;
South Africa, on the other hand, created a national SME promotion agency and combined national structures with a nationwide network of provincial bodies for consultations with the private sector and the provision of SME support services.
The authorizing officer’s procurement plan should be submitted to the project manager at least one month prior to the field’s first proposed procurement action.
2. Stresses that such dialogue should be conducted in response to the imperatives of mutual interests and benefits, genuine interdependence, shared responsibility and the partnership for achieving development as well as for improving the international economic environment so that it is conducive to such development, and that the United Nations system should reinforce its activities in order to facilitate such a dialogue in accordance with relevant resolutions of the General Assembly;
a fully computer-literate staff able to use information technology tools to its advantage.
The Economic and Social Council devoted the coordination segment of its substantive session of 1998 to the coordinated follow-up to and implementation of the Vienna Declaration and Programme of Action (see Council decision 1998/208).
(j) The process of liquidation of peacekeeping missions should be accomplished within the shortest possible time in order to minimize costs; this should include a plan clearly identifying the time-frame for the completion of the outstanding tasks in all missions in liquidation, which should be closely monitored by the Department of Peacekeeping Operations (para. 136);
17. The Working Group also agreed that it was essential that the Commission and its secretariat, the staff representatives and the representatives of CCAQ should be partners in preparing the material so that all perspectives were considered.
In July 1998, a large Orthodox cross was destroyed by an explosion during celebrations of a Croatian football victory at Beli Monastir, Croatia.
These comparisons showed that the comparator staff had a significant advantage over those of the common system.
It also urges States to take the necessary steps, as soon as possible, to end the economic, commercial and financial embargo that has been maintained against Cuba for more than 30 years.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions
Under the circumstances, the Secretary-General believes that the current arrangements are an unsatisfactory basis for organizing future resource management.
High drop-out rates, at both the primary and the intermediate school levels, also adversely influence the employment potential of Djibouti’s youth.
The Lessons Learned Unit of the Department of Peacekeeping Operations of the United Nations Secretariat is expected to study the past experiences of the previous peacekeeping operations in accordance with the report of the Special Committee on Peacekeeping Operations this year.
In Bethlehem, 25 Palestinians were injured near Rachel’s Tomb when hundreds of marchers attacked soldiers, who responded with tear-gas and rubber bullets.
The Council had before it the following documents:
Business support and skills training – $800,000 (***)/5 years
Fiscal incentives are in place for the installation of new equipment needed in the use of renewable sources of energy for domestic consumers.
The project had been exploring the impact of information-intensive production modes on the quality and quantity of women’s employment.
The plan takes effect from 1 August 1998, and is centred around a new institution, the Indonesian Debt Restructuring Agency (INDRA).
Application of the Interim Commission for the International Trade Organization/General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade for withdrawal
United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP)
Clearly, these observations adversely affect the Organization’s insurance risk profile and ultimately impact unfavourably on the premium level.
In this regard, ECA also intends to take measures to strengthen cooperation with bilateral and multilateral partners.
The Special Rapporteur on the Situation of Human Rights in Cuba, Mr. Carl Johan Groth, made a presentation.
A multi-stakeholder approach was mentioned.
15. Concern was expressed about the continued reduction in the budget during the past consecutive bienniums.
The construction of bridges is planned to connect the domestic transport system and to link Denmark to Sweden and Germany, across the Great Belt, Øresund and the Femern Belt, respectively.
15. Notes with appreciation that the overall utilization factor for 1997 exceeded the benchmark of 80 per cent, in particular at Geneva and Vienna;
6. The Asian Group also wished to voice its concern regarding the divergent views on the UNCTAD year.
The obligation to explore all possible alternatives
In the latter case, the damage takes the form of a high rate of unemployment accompanied by an intense social crisis.
With environmental legislation drawing tighter almost everywhere, financial sector stakeholders are beginning to demand improved levels of environmental data.
Sixty-second session (16-20 March 1998): the Working Group on Communications and the Working Group on Article 40 were composed of Mr. Ando, Mr. Bhagwati, Mr. Buergenthal, Mr. El Shafei, Ms. Evatt and Ms. Medina Quiroga; Mr. Ando was elected Chairman/Rapporteur.
59. Mr. Chernichenko pointed out that he had been requested by the Sub—Commission to prepare an expanded working paper.
8. The Third Committee recommends to the General Assembly the adoption of the following draft decisions:
Recalling also its resolution 48/65, adopted without a vote on 16 December 1993, in which it commended the final report of the Ad Hoc Group of Governmental Experts to Identify and Examine Potential Verification Measures from a Scientific and Technical Standpoint, BWC/CONF.III/VEREX/9 and Corr.1. agreed to by consensus at the last meeting of the Ad Hoc Group at Geneva on 24 September 1993,
Draft resolution A/C.1/51/L.37 as a whole was adopted by a recorded vote of 103 to 26, with 24 abstentions.
National human rights institutions can be effective mechanisms by which to translate international human rights standards into a national culture for human rights.
(iii) 24,239,481 dollars, being the balance in the surplus account as at 31 December 1997;
In that connection, he expressed satisfaction at the imminent start-up of a Global Environment Facility (GEF) project to support national communications.
Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic have the most advanced distribution structures, although there is still a lack of market transparency.
Option 1: Application of rotational arrangements to all or some of new permanent seats;2
3. Implementation of General Assembly resolution 52/214 B, paragraphs 24 and 25
III. Recommendations of the Third Committee
Many adults found it difficult to recognize both the right and the capacity of any child to contribute effectively to decision-making; where the child was disabled, there tended to be an even deeper inability to accept its competence.
8. The potential of these paragraphs could well be examined so as to promote cooperation and avoid duplication.
(b) Administrative and financial implications of the actions of the Board
He further observed that, whilst additional proposals could be accepted after 1 June, these should fall within the conceptual framework of the text prepared by that deadline.
3. Participant, Workshop by Convention to Combat Desertification
The mandate and strength of UNOSOM were subsequently increased by the Council in resolution 767 (1992) and 775 (1992).
24. Despite difficulties of all types, the Haitian Government’s efforts to reform the judicial system are slowly proceeding.
Despite this, those responsible had stood trial in only 55 cases.
In spite of tariff reductions as a result of the Uruguay Round, however, the post Uruguay Round bound rates will continue to display considerable tariff escalation for processed products, particularly in the EU and Japanese markets.
6.6.2.17.1 Portable tanks shall be designed and constructed with a support structure to provide a secure base during transport.
Annex VIII Reports of States parties which have been overdue for more than five years, list presented to the Committee at its nineteenth session
In connection with activities undertaken to improve the roster, the Intranet system under consideration would facilitate easy integration of more detailed, standardized assessments of the performance of consultants into the central database.
Global tea consumption has largely stabilized and is expected to increase by about 1 per cent annually in the next few years.
He has consulted widely with the heads of UNICEF, UNHCR, the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights, UNDP, the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, the Department of Peacekeeping Operations and the Department of Political Affairs, as well as with senior management committees, in order to develop a framework of institutional and operational collaboration in support of this agenda.
It will also foster greater adherence to such fundamental principles as respect for diversity, due process, transparency and equal and fair treatment, as well as uphold the requirements for geographical and gender balance.
It also notes that in addition to the list of offences which are under the jurisdiction of the special courts, the Minister of the Interior and the Office of the President of the Republic have discretionary authority to refer any other cases to these courts.
Of 422 projects that were ongoing or closed at April 1998, there were time overruns in 241 projects.
Therefore, it is important that the candidate is proposed and nominated by an indigenous organization or community.
Furthermore, the Israeli authorities forcibly conscript young men in the areas under their occupation with a view to employing them in their client militias, reinforcing the authority of the occupation and furthering their policy of containing civilians who oppose them.
Capacity-building and networking for the implementation of the Habitat Agenda in least developed countries (Habitat)
The Central Asian external and transit transport initiative, as elaborated in projects: KAZ/97/019; KYR/96/009/ TAJ/96/004/; TUK/96/007 and UZB/96/011 was launched in April 1995.
Elections, nominations, confirmations and appointments [1]
ISO 14001 should facilitate fulfilment of these aims.
Structured requests for national reports will have been sent but responses will not have been completed nor will analysis be far advanced.
Furthermore, the membership of the Council is mandated by the UNU Charter, and any change would therefore require an amendment to the Charter.
(c) Also decides to retain the balance amount with a view to financing the activities of the United Nations Conference on Trade and Development, as requested in General Assembly resolution 52/220 of 22 December 1997, taking into account the recommendations of the Secretary-General in this regard.
The following recommendations were adopted on issue 2:
128. Financing of the United Nations Operation in Somalia II
Agency for Cultural and Technical Cooperation (General Assembly resolution 33/18)
(a) Strengthening of the coordination of emergency humanitarian assistance of the United Nations: notes by the Secretary-General (A/52/270, A/52/443).
Paragraph 103 of the Secretary-General’s report further indicates that “enhancing the Organization’s capacity in the area of peacekeeping, as well as improving the efficiency and cost-effectiveness of field operations, are constant, ongoing processes, requiring support and assistance from the Member States and their individual and collective input of expertise, personnel and other resources”.
61. Despite the recommendations of the Secretary-General’s fact-finding mission and the decisions of the African Commission on Human and Peoples’ Rights, no qualitative changes have been made in the composition of tribunals or the processes to be employed by them in order to conform to article 14 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights and article 7 of the African Charter.
Developing countries should focus on building attractiveness at home by such means as, for example, strengthening the local enterprise sector and the skill endowment of the workforce.
The SBI agreed to admit two new intergovernmental organizations and ten non-governmental organizations that had been screened by the secretariat, on the basis of the provisions in paragraph 6 of Article 7 of the Convention, without prejudice to the subsequent action by the Conference of the Parties (COP).
The Committee adopted the draft resolution by a recorded vote of 74 to 46, with 26 abstentions.
History has meant that the State has always occupied first place, and thus the interests of individuals were sacrificed.
The special agricultural safeguard provisions will remain in force for the duration of the reform process.
2. During the 1970s, non—governmental organizations, human rights advocates and legal experts and, in some countries, the democratic opposition — when able to state its views — mobilized to argue for an amnesty for political prisoners.
(i) Report of the Secretary-General (A/52/537);
By March 1997, it had sold approximately 1,500 tons of scrap metal and the remnants of 1,573 vehicles.
I should like to request you to have this letter circulated as an official document of the General Assembly, under item 55 of the provisional agenda.
WHO has taken steps to improve the OAU clinic servicing the OAU staff and African diplomatic corps in Addis Ababa.
35. Calls upon the international community, including the United Nations system, and invites the Bretton Woods institutions, as well as the private sector, to take appropriate measures and actions for the implementation of the commitments, agreements and decisions of the major United Nations conferences and summits organized since the beginning of the 1990s on development related to the question of the external debt problem of developing countries;
15. Also welcomes the efforts made by the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights towards the promotion and realization of the right to development, and invites her to explore further ways and means to achieve this objective;
3. Requests the Executive Secretary to consult with the Government of Senegal with a view to entering into satisfactory arrangements for that Government to host the Conference in Dakar and to meet the related costs.
The Committee adopted the draft resolution contained in document A/52/23 (Part III), chapter V, paragraph 12, by a recorded vote of 140 to 2, with 4 abstentions.
I should be grateful if the item could be allocated to the plenary Assembly.
Rapporteur: Mr. Hassan Kassem Najem (Lebanon)
The Committee also expressed the view that the media could play a pivotal role in monitoring the realization of the rights of the child.
9. The purpose of the study is to identify practices that lead to economic deprivation or exclusion of ethnic, racial, national and linguistic minorities as well as indigenous populations and migrants.
ICRC and IFRC at the same time encourage States to comply with their existing obligations under international humanitarian law to repress violations of this law and of the convention relating to the crime of genocide.
8. On the political level, the election, in March 1996, of Mr. Mohamed Taki Abdoulkarim to the office of President of the Republic put an end to the events which had been adversely affecting Comorian political life.
Management audit and consulting section
2. Welcomes the adherence to the amended Protocol on Prohibitions or Restrictions on the Use of Mines, Booby Traps and Other Devices (Protocol II) by [twenty-one] States and its forthcoming entry into force on 3 December 1998, and calls, in particular, on all States Parties to the Convention that have not yet done so to express their consent to be bound by the Protocol;
These circumstances have created obstacles to the bringing to justice of the perpetrators of severe violations of human rights which, in a number of cases, have an ethnic dimension.
The SBSTA and the SBI took note of the synthesis report by the secretariat on activities implemented jointly (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 and Corr.1 and 2, and Add.1) as well as of the concise update containing preliminary findings with regard to work on methodological issues (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.3).
Proposals for changing the present action threshold could be also considered.
Report of the Trade and Development Board on its thirteenth executive session
Aware of the establishment of a working relationship between the Advisory Commission of the Agency and the Palestine Liberation Organization in accordance with General Assembly decision 48/417 of 10 December 1993,
The IDF was said to have spent tens of millions of NIS on renovating its ramparts and minefields and on strengthening and digging anti-tank ditches on the plateau.
PROGRAMME OF THE UNITED NATIONS HIGH COMMISSIONER FOR REFUGEES
The Chairman of the INCD would present the outcome of the Committee’s work in preparation of COP 1.
I. Decision adopted by the Working Party at the first part of its twenty-ninth session
"Greenhouse gas emission mitigation certificate" an environmental mechanism and financial instrument by means of which the Annex I Parties can demonstrate their contribution as financial partners in the implementation of joint implementation projects, making it possible to reduce global emissions that cause the greenhouse effect, generating overall environmental benefits that make themselves felt through the certification of metric tons of carbon equivalent offset, which, taken together, represents the value of the investment made in mitigation.
He also accused Israel of being responsible for the deaths of three Palestinian workers in Tarkumiya, adding that Palestinians were left with only two options: to die or to resist.
Mr. Pino Arlacchi, Under-Secretary-General, will address the panel.
This integration is of particular importance in developing countries, and especially in LDCs, where the majority of SMEs operate in the informal sector.
The Russian Federation acknowledges Uzbekistan's position in favour of the multimodal transport of gas and oil exports, including their transit through Russian territory, and confirms its readiness to continue to provide the relevant services in the requisite amounts and types.
Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase 23
The AGBM considered this matter at its 4th meeting, on 11 December.
153. Qatar indicated that it had implemented several measures intended to protect and preserve fisheries resources and the marine environment. Among those measures aimed at reducing by-catch was the prohibition of nylon fishing nets, the establishment of legal limits for mesh size, and other specifications for nets used in fishing operations.
He has been working to build strong partnerships with several regional and subregional organizations, including the Association of South-East Asian Nations, the Council of Europe, the European Union, the League of Arab States, OAU, the Organization of American States (OAS), the Organization of the Islamic Conference, and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE).
Some of these organizations have submitted separate proposals to the interim secretariat to undertake activities relevant to activities to be covered by this proposal.
During its consideration of the reports, the Committee met with the President, the Prosecutor and the Registrar of the International Tribunal and with representatives of the Secretary-General, who provided additional information.
The role of smallholder agriculture as the main source of growth and poverty alleviation for Mozambique was emphasized and the importance of the private sector for sustaining high growth rates stressed.
Germany also has some doubts as to whether the basis for a compromise outlined by the Chairman of the informal consultations – namely, giving States the option of indicating the potential relevance of the purpose criterion under their national law and practice either by means of a general declaration in relation to the Convention or a specific notification to the other party in relation to a particular contract or transaction – would indeed introduce a greater measure of certainty.
He enumerated six reasons why the increase in the private sector, which is the leading sector for investment and export, is not happening and provided suggestions to overcome this problem.
Some prototypes are turned into operational prototypes by incorporating needed controls, improving efficiency, providing back-up and recovery and integrating the prototype with other systems.
Governments should trace, monitor and curtail assets derived from the clandestine manufacture of ATS (see paragraph 40 below).
(a) December 1996 (Geneva; 130 Parties, 6 observer States, 103 observer organizations; total of 516 delegates and 337 observers);
In view of the importance which the health sector holds for Cuba, and the efforts being made to develop this sector, we wish to make a few general observations.
A similar initiative is the proposed IFC Biodiversity Enterprise Fund for Latin America.
Although the level of imports in most cases is relatively low for processed horticultural products, in some markets (e.g. Republic of Korea, for the import of orange juice, frozen vegetables and canned mushrooms) there has been significant growth in the value of trade over the last 5 years.
10. Report of the Secretary-General on the work of the Organization.
maintain and update the roster of independent experts approved by COP on the recommendation of CST; and
Between 1345 and 1705 hours Israeli forces and the client militia fired four 155-mm artillery shells at Haddatha from their positions at Shaqif al-Naml and Bawwabat Mays al-Jabal.
Declaration of St. Petersbourg (banning certain projectiles)
Action on draft proposals A/C.3/52/L.4, L.6, L.7, L.8, L.22 and L.23
At 1030 hours Israeli warplanes attacked the fringes of Jabal Sujud, firing two air-to-surface missiles.
It further suggests, inter alia, that the authorities adopt explicit legislation and measures to protect children from economic exploitation through employment as domestic servants and in other informal sectors, engage in research and collection of data, and promote integration and vocational training programmes.
46. In relation to the main areas of implementation of General Assembly resolution 51/8, Nicaragua has been supported by the response of UNFPA to high-priority national needs in the processes related to sexual and reproductive health, behaviour and rights.
Another important part of the work programme in 1999 in the substantive area will likely concern benchmarks and indicators; the INCD has entrusted the Secretariat with establishing and continuing an informal open-ended consultative process on this subject (INCD decisions 9/12 and 10/9).
1. Report of the Economic and Social Council (A/52/3) [12].
56. UNIFEM strategy with regard to mainstreaming the human rights of women has been to play a facilitating role, using its position within the United Nations system as the operational fund for women to create opportunities for national and international non-governmental organizations, Governments and other United Nations agencies to gather and engage in a substantive dialogue on how best to implement the commitments made to women’s human rights in various international arenas.
8. Notes the action taken by non-governmental organizations to encourage implementation of the Declaration, and invites them to continue to facilitate its dissemination and to contribute to the work of the Subcommission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities;
In UNDCP, notwithstanding the lack of audit reports on nationally executed projects, the programme had made significant progress in encouraging executing agencies to provide audit reports.
We in the Department of Public Information can do no less.
Furthermore, the task at hand is now shifting towards implementation and monitoring of results.
(t) Implementation of the Convention on the Prohibition of the Development, Production, Stockpiling and Use of Chemical Weapons and on Their Destruction.
With that decision, the Assembly implicitly waived financial regulations 4.2 to 4.4, according to which appropriations should be available only for the biennium to which they relate.
“(e) Strengthening its information and training services, and strengthening technical cooperation to expand export supply capabilities of developing countries;
Report of the Secretary-General on the implementation of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (A/53/516)
They were reportedly prohibited from bathing for one month and were forced to cry and make admissions of guilt.
This report will be initiated in the second half of 1998, but its completion is expected to carry over into 1999.
Report of the Security Council (A/52/2) [11].
In this connection, the Committee notes recommendation 1 of the Office of Internal Oversight Services (A/53/642, para.34) on the need to provide a standard definition of the term “retiree” and to clarify whether the six-month limitation applies only to retired personnel who are in receipt of a United Nations pension benefit.
Letter dated 18 May 1998 from the Permanent Representative
LETTER DATED 5 SEPTEMBER 1996 FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE ECONOMIC
In many countries, the right to freedom of movement has effectively been replaced by an enforced lack of freedom to move or flee.
Agreed conclusions 439 (XLIII): UNCTAD's publication policy Originally circulated in TD/B/43/SC.2/L.3, section B.
Host Parties which set up an AIJ unit appear to be successful in attracting financial resources and in ensuring their utilization in priority areas of national development.
52. At UNFPA, issues and activities concerning communication for development are increasingly dealt with in a decentralized fashion.
In exercise of the right of reply, statements were made by the representatives of the Islamic Republic of Iran and Iraq.
38. So far only the United States and the Russian Federation maintain military radar satellites in orbit.
52. By way of a general comment, it was suggested that stronger language should be used in formulating legislative recommendations. The emphasis should be on the major objectives of legislation governing privately financed infrastructure projects; those objectives were to establish sufficient authority for the host Government to enter into transactions for the construction of infrastructure projects with private financing, to reduce the need for governmental approvals to a reasonable minimum and to foster coordination between different levels of government and among different governmental departments.
The Board recommends that the Administration should always arrange the Cashier's functions to facilitate the operation of sound internal check.
The suggestion was also made that a new paragraph should be added to the article, modelled on article 6, paragraph 3 of the same Convention (ibid.).
28. In the light of these references, which reflect established trends in doctrine and practice, and for complete clarity in the terminology used, it is appropriate to use international crime only for the acts of States directed against the international community which constitute serious breaches of international law.
4 On 20 August, General Abubakar announced the membership of the new Federal Executive Council and assigned portfolios to individual ministers on 22 August.
III. THE PROGRAMME AND BUDGET FOR 19993
In mid-1998, UNDP placed 18 UNV gender specialists in UNDP field offices.
GHG emissions in 1994 were 20 per cent lower than in 1990.
The Committee called on all senior managers in the United Nations system to give high priority to gender mainstreaming, and, in this regard, to cooperate with, and seek the guidance of, the Special Adviser on Gender Issues and Advancement of Women.
Such a plan could include taking legal action, training judicial, law enforcement and health personnel, informing women about their rights and about the Convention and strengthening victims’ services.
Annexes I. Financial performance report for the period from 1 July 1996 to 30 June 1997: summary statement
19. Staff rule 207.13, Education grant travel, is cancelled in the light of the amendment and simplification of rule 203.8.
51. In 1996–1997, UNFPA incurred rental costs of $6.9 million for its headquarters, eight country support team offices and 94 field offices, and a further $2.45 million on premises-related costs, such as maintenance, custodial and cleaning services.
4. Also at its thirty-first session, on the basis of discussion papers presented by its members, the Board examined three topics of acute interest to multilateral disarmament efforts: a new agenda for disarmament, new technologies and their impact on disarmament, and the costs of disarmament.
In an effort to further strengthen cooperation, the UNHCR and OSCE missions, together with the European Commission Monitoring Mission (ECMM), established the return facilitation group to monitor the implementation of the programme of return adopted by the Government of Croatia.
Matters brought to the attention of States parties
Topics such as the preparation of a document that would identify and prioritize unscheduled commitments, to be presented to the Follow-up Commission, are being discussed.
United Nations Decade of International Law [146]
The Agency maintained contacts with the United Nations Truce Supervision Organization (UNTSO) in connection with the Commissioner-General’s capacity as the United Nations Designated Official responsible for the overall security and protection of United Nations staff and family members in Israel, the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.
. At its meeting at Abudja in September 1996, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), a UNDCP partner, decided to convene a ministerial meeting on drug trafficking and abuse, particularly their impact on youth and criminality, to be held in Cape Verde in early 1997.
Portable tank special provisions are assigned to certain substances to indicate requirements which are in addition to or in lieu of those provided by the portable tank instructions or the requirements in Chapter 6.6.
On 31 December 1997, 20 members of the military forces of the coup d’état Government in Sierra Leone, with the full backing and support of the Defence Ministry authorities of Sierra Leone, went to the Embassy of the Islamic Republic of Iran in Freetown and asked the only locally recruited member of the mission and a guard, who was also present, for the keys to the embassy premises and diplomatic vehicles, all the while threatening the two with death.
So, I hope that the examination of the bilateral agreements will at least provide you and us with some useful insights about how some of the agreements perhaps serve the interests of development better than others.
These requirements have been carefully observed, although non-availability of the software required to produce formatted text in French and Spanish has delayed the final printing of the List in these two languages.
The Board recommends that the Administration make efforts to recover the taxes improperly paid and make further attempts to resolve the issue of the tax payment on purchases with the national Government.
(c) The veto should be excluded in respect of recommendations under Articles 4, 5, 6 and 97 of the Charter of the United Nations.
In addition, the International Committee of the Red Cross (ICRC) is allowed unfettered access to prisoners and detainees in Indonesia, including East Timor.
12. Accordingly, it is proposed that special arrangements with regard to the application of article IV of the Financial Regulations similar to those contained in the annex to General Assembly resolution 52/240 of 26 June 1998 be applied to the Military Observer Group, as follows:
Taking note of the report of the Secretary-General on the right of peoples to self-determination, A/53/280.
872. The Committee notes that, in accordance with article 39 of the Convention, steps have been taken to provide special services to assist children who are victims of the violence prevailing in the country, in order to promote physical and psychological recovery and social reintegration of those children.
Communication for development is most useful when it starts by listening to what people already know, what they aspire to become, what they perceive as possible and what they can productively sustain.
6.6.2.12.1 The spring-loaded pressure-relief device required by 6.6.2.8.1 shall have a minimum cross sectional flow area equivalent to an orifice of 31.75 mm diameter.
I have the honour to transmit to you herewith the documents of the Twelfth Conference of Heads of State or Government of Non-Aligned Countries, held at Durban, South Africa, from 29 August to 3 September 1998 (see annexes).The annexes are being issued in the languages of submission only.
876. The Committee notes with concern that inadequate measures have been taken by the State party to harmonize national legislation with the principles and provisions of the Convention.
Between 0035 and 0445 hours the client militia fired several illumination flares over Kafr Tibnit and areas along the Zahrani River from its position on Ali al-Tahir hill.
The satellite belongs to the International Mobile Satellite Organization (Inmarsat).
It was emphasized that substantive departments should take responsibility for their publications.
For further information, please contact Ms. Maud Graham (room DC1-603, tel.: 963-9196).
Other resources increased from $11 million in 1994 to $32 million in 1995 and $43 million in 1996.
The Special Committee noted that, by its resolution 50/206 B of 23 December 1995, the General Assembly had approved the recommendation of the Special Committee to replace its verbatim records by summary records.
1. Reiterates the importance of the United Nations activities at the regional level to increase the stability and security of its Member States, which could be promoted in a substantive manner by the maintenance and revitalization of the three regional centres for peace and disarmament;
(Signed) Mr. Ahmad KAMAL (Signed) M. Ibra Deguene KA
This year, 21 million deaths – 2 out of every 5 worldwide – will be among the under-50s, including 10 million small children who will never see their fifth birthday, although most children worldwide are now immunized against major childhood killers.
These additional requirements would, however, be addressed by the release of meeting rooms used by human rights bodies, if, in taking into consideration the information already provided in paragraph 12 of the report of the Secretary-General (A/C.5/52/19/Add.1), the Palais Wilson accommodates an estimated 680 human rights meetings per year.
This exercise could take up the first day of the ministerial segment, 8 December, with the President reporting to the COP at the start of the next day.
For example, it was proposed that the Secretary-General should produce a short report giving special recognition to those Member States that participate in the reporting system and listing, in an appendix without comment, those countries that have not reported.
In general, economic and social ills, the situation in which Ukraine finds itself, to a great, if not decisive, extent, are caused by a low level of State efficiency and the State's inability to implement its own decisions effectively and to ensure adherence to established rules of political behaviour, economic activity and so on; we can and must overcome these weaknesses of the State.
Test liquids shall be kept in the liquid state by the addition of anti-freeze if necessary.
According to the terms of reference, the object of the first phase of the study is to survey and evaluate institutions and networks that might become units of a worldwide network on which the Committee on Science and Technology could draw.
The city obtaining the greatest number of votes in the second round will be proposed by the President as a consensus decision of the Conference on the same day.
409. The nineteenth meeting of the Helsinki Commission was held at Helsinki from 23 to 27 March 1998.
63. On 1 January, thousands of Palestinians held rallies in Gaza, Ramallah and other West Bank towns to celebrate the Fatah Day.
Miscellaneous expenditure on financially completed project and reduction of support costs
The conference will take place in Brussels on 1 October and 2 October 1998.
But in principle, “measuring” human rights violations like this is clearly the right way to go.
+ In its decision 1992/105, the Sub—Commission decided, pursuant to Council resolution 1991/32, to vote on resolutions, decisions and any proposals of a substantive nature under agenda item 6 of its forty—fourth session by secret ballot, whenever a vote was requested thereon.
Section 26: Communications and public information
Thus, the method called “activity-based costing” was devised.
“NGOs and the United Nations Department of Public Information: some questions and answers”, brochure released in June 1997
It was considered that the budget outline was the logical place to include priorities because it provided direct guidance to the Secretary-General on resource allocation in his proposed programme budget.
A further substantial increase in total bank deposits is not, however, expected to take place before a successful conclusion of final status negotiations.
As from Monday, 3 November 1997, and for the rest of the month, the Presidency of the Security Council will conduct informal briefings on the current work of the Council for Member States of the United Nations which are non-members of the Council daily, except on days on which no informal consultations are scheduled.
(ii) Note by the Secretary-General (A/52/260);
— At the national level: fast means of communication + fax + electronic mail
Between 0640 and 0710 hours Israeli forces and the Lahad militia fired a number of 155-mm artillery shells at the environs of Mayfadun, Zibqin, Majdal Zun and Zawtar al-Gharbiyah from their positions at Zafatah, Sharifah and on Tall Ya`qub.
2. Notification by the Secretary-General under Article 12, paragraph 2, of the Charter of the United Nations: note by the Secretary-General (A/52/392) [7].
