Sources: Reports of the Special Committee against Apartheid, the United Nations Council for Namibia and the Ad Hoc Working Group of Experts on southern Africa; information received from non-governmental organizations.
In its 1994 report, the Ad Hoc Working Group of Experts stated that in 1993, a large number of magisterial districts had been declared “unrest areas”, thus creating a situation analogous to that under the declaration of an emergency (E/CN.4/1994/15, paras. 44 and 136).
(b) One session of five weeks with one week of two meetings each working day and four weeks of one meeting each working day (Note: the total number of meetings would be 30);
II. PROPOSALS AND RECOMMENDATIONS 44 — 47 10
2. During the 1970s, non—governmental organizations, human rights advocates and legal experts and, in some countries, the democratic opposition — when able to state its views — mobilized to argue for an amnesty for political prisoners.
These principles relate to four main areas, discussed below.
26. This implies that any victim can assert his rights and receive a fair and effective remedy, including seeing that his oppressor stands trial and obtaining reparations.
These measures are of a preventive, not punitive, character and must be taken by administrative decision, giving the official the opportunity to seek effective remedy.
47. Annexed to this final, revised and expanded report is the revised text of the set of principles as requested by the Sub—Commission in its decision 1996/119.
B. Distribution of jurisdiction between national, foreign and international courts
Principle 35: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges
Principle 39: Scope of the right to reparation
Principle 49: Implementation of administrative measures
PRINCIPLE 7. DEFINITION OF THE COMMISSIONS' TERMS OF REFERENCE
The recommendations shall, in addition, set out legislative or other measures to put these principles into effect and to prevent any further violations.
PRINCIPLE 26. SCOPE OF RESTRICTIVE MEASURES
Under article 1, paragraph 2, of the Declaration on Territorial Asylum, adopted by the General Assembly on 14 December 1967, and article 1 F of the Convention relating to the Status of Refugees of 28 July 1951, States may not extend such protective status, including diplomatic asylum, to persons with respect to whom there are serious reasons to believe that they have committed a serious crime under international law.
Conversely, judges unlawfully appointed or who derive their judicial power from an act of allegiance may be relieved of their functions in accordance with the principle of parallelism.
7. For a better understanding of the final stage of the study, this report needs to be seen in the context of the Sub—Commission's work as a whole.
Presentation by Mr. Joinet, in his capacity as Special Rapporteur on amnesty, of a final report entitled “Study on amnesty laws and their role in the safeguard and promotion of human rights” (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1985/16/Rev.1).
In its decision 1991/110, the Sub—Commission asked two of its members, Mr. El Hadji Guissé and Mr. Louis Joinet, to draft a working paper on the guidelines that a study on impunity might follow.
20. Experience shows that care must be taken not to allow such commissions to be diverted from their purpose and to furnish a pretext for not going before the courts.
(d) Publicity for the commissions' reports
2. Restrictions justified by the desire to combat impunity
It must have no legal effect on any proceedings brought by victims relating to the right to reparation.
(a) Disbandment of parastatal armed groups: this is one of the hardest measures to enforce because, if it is not accompanied by action to reintegrate group members into society, the cure may be worse than the disease;
These should be administrative measures, of a preventive, not punitive, character, duly safeguarding the officials' rights.
Principle 5: Role of the extrajudicial commissions of inquiry
Principle 12: Publicizing the commissions' reports
Principle 32: Restrictions on the principle of the irremovability of judges
B. Guarantees of non—recurrence of violations
Convinced, therefore, that national and international measures must be taken for that purpose with a view to securing jointly, in the interests of the victims of human rights violations, observance of the right to know and, by implication, the right to the truth, the right to justice and the right to reparation, without which there can be no effective remedy against the pernicious effects of impunity,
If judicial institutions are wanting in that respect, priority should initially be given to establishing extrajudicial commissions of inquiry and to ensuring the preservation of, and access to, the archives concerned.
PRINCIPLE 17. SPECIFIC MEASURES RELATED TO THE RESTORATION OF OR TRANSITION TO DEMOCRACY AND/OR PEACE
Extradition should always be denied, however, especially by abolitionist countries, if the individual concerned risks the death penalty in the requesting country.
The fact that, once the period of persecution is over, a perpetrator discloses the violations that he or others have committed in order to benefit from the favourable provisions of legislation on repentance cannot exempt him or her from criminal or other responsibility.
Conversely, judges unlawfully appointed or who derive their judicial power from an act of allegiance may be relieved of their functions by law in accordance with the principle of parallelism.
B. Guarantees of non-recurrence of violations PRINCIPLE 37.
(b) Thoroughly investigate intelligence and security services with a view to redirecting their activities;
When a peace process has begun, the implementation of administrative measures should be preceded by a survey of positions of responsibility with influential decision-making powers and therefore an obligation of loyalty to the process.
(b) Suspended altogether pending his or her confirmation or appointment to another post;
Report of the sessional working group on the administration of justice and the question of compensation on its 1996 session (E/CN.4/Sub.2/1996/16).
At the international level, he suggested that the United Nations should undertake a study of substitutes for the death penalty, with the aim of supporting the efforts of those countries which wished to institute alterative penalties that were socially and juridically useful.
Article 9 (4) states: 'Anyone who is deprived of his liberty by arrest or detention shall be entitled to take proceedings before a court, in order that the court may decide without delay on the lawfulness of his detention and order his release if the detention is not lawful.'
'Each State Party to the present Covenant undertakes:
“It has been more than 15 years since the Human Rights Committee issued its general comment on article 4 of the Covenant.
26. Finally, Mr. Joinet said that priority should be given to measures for encouraging prevention of the crime of genocide, by defining two areas: repressive measures and incentives designed to combat incitement to and provocation of genocide and the role of a working group on prevention of genocide.
She did not advise revising this mechanism, but she did suggest an additional protocol to the Convention which would expand the definition of the crime of genocide.
Making too many changes in order to improve it would, on the contrary, be liable to hamper any positive progress in combating genocide.
She pointed out the main elements of the nature of the juvenile offender and of juvenile justice, following the provisions contained in the relevant international instruments.
He found the concept of the study very useful.
He stressed the need precisely to define the purpose of the study.
59. Mr. Chernichenko pointed out that he had been requested by the Sub—Commission to prepare an expanded working paper.
5. The following articles of the Universal Declaration throw light on the question of "related issues":
Thus, for example, article 44 of the Vienna Convention on Diplomatic Relations states: "The receiving State must, even in case of armed conflict, grant facilities in order to enable persons enjoying privileges and immunities, other than nationals of the receiving State, and members of the families of such persons, irrespective of their nationality, to leave at the earliest possible moment.
This was particularly true as regards the right of a national to return to his country, which had thus been informally recognized by 16 additional countries.
He also selectively considered the laws and administrative regulations of certain countries in relation to this matter.
In many countries, the right to freedom of movement has effectively been replaced by an enforced lack of freedom to move or flee.
30. Thus, in the countries of Eastern Europe, migrants are divided into internal and external.
In 1996, a refrigerator truck transporting Chinese nationals was stopped at the State frontier between Ukraine and Slovakia.
Anyone failing to register is promised a fine of three to five times the minimum wage with 50 times the minimum wage for repeat offenders plus expulsion from Moscow, either at their own expense or at the expense of Moscow Police Headquarters.
If we are unable to leave the country, we go back to jail and nobody can get us out.
I. INTERNATIONAL COVENANTS ON HUMAN RIGHTS
A report on the mission is to be submitted to the Committee at its seventeenth session.
10. The Committee's report on its fourteenth and fifteenth sessions (E/1997/22—E/C.12/1996/6) will be submitted to the Economic and Social Council at its substantive session of 1997 in July.
14. A report on the Committee's fifty-fifth to fifty-seventh sessions was submitted to the General Assembly at its fifty-first session (A/51/40) and a report on its fifty-eighth to sixtieth sessions will be submitted to the General Assembly following the Committee's sixtieth session in July 1997.
Under its early—warning and urgent procedures, the Committee adopted three decisions and one resolution at its forty-ninth session.
It also continued in closed meeting its activities under articles 20 (inquiries) and 22 (individual communications) of the Convention.
During its two sessions, the Committee took one decision declaring a communication inadmissible and adopted six Views under article 22 of the Convention.
25. As of 1 June 1997, the Convention on the Rights of the Child had been ratified or acceded to by 190 States.
26. At its thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth sessions, held in September-October 1996, January and May-June 1997 respectively, the Committee considered 18 reports submitted under article 44 of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
The draft programme includes a proposal to establish a coordinating panel on technical advice and assistance in juvenile justice, which will consist of representatives of the Committee on the Rights of the Child, the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights, the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division, UNICEF, UNDP and other relevant United Nations organizations and specialized agencies, as well as other interested intergovernmental and non-governmental organizations.
Special attention will be given to ensuring effective coordination and collaboration, especially in the efficient use of resources and joint activities.
The ILO also took an active part in the Subregional Conference of Senior Governmental Experts on the implementation of the Beijing Platform for Action in Central and Eastern Europe and made contributions both in financial and technical terms to the Arab Regional Conference on the follow—up to the Beijing Conference.
Proposals for improvements to these measures form part of the project’s output, reported in a series of publications.
29. Through participatory action-oriented research methodologies, data have been collected on the most common practices of a number of indigenous peoples in the Philippines in a broad range of domains, including fishing, farming, traditional handicraft production, and land and natural resource management.
Thus, recognizing the importance of creating a world-wide movement against child labour and placing child labour issues on top of the global agenda, ILO is actively participating and contributing to the international debate on child labour, such as the international conferences in Amsterdam, Cartagena de Indias, and Oslo.
International Indian Treaty Council 42 — 51 10
Information sheet provided by the Centre for Disarmament Affairs 15 GE.97—12891 (E) page
11. The use of nuclear weapons, chemical weapons, fuel-air bombs, napalm, cluster bombs, biological weaponry and weaponry containing depleted uranium, like the dumping of other toxic and dangerous chemicals and wastes in the developing countries, violates the rights to life, health, physical security and other human rights, such as economic, social and cultural rights and the right to development.
However, illegal weapons do not have that protection, and their war-time use easily meets the rest of the definition of torture: their use causes severe pain and suffering, both physical and mental; their use is intentional; they are used to unduly coerce the enemy or the civilian population into surrender, submission or other state favourable to the user of the weapons; and their use is under the direct order of public officials.
At this point there is insufficient technology to prevent eventual contamination.
In a recent statement, the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights of the Organization of American States, in its Press Communiqué No. 13/93 of 25 May 1993, declared that the obligation to respect and guarantee civil and political rights is an obligation erga omnes.
It was only in 1992, after increasing rates of rare cancers were detected among villagers of Point Hope, that the United States Government admitted that the radioactive waste was still buried there.
Declaration of St. Petersbourg (banning certain projectiles)
IN FAVOUR: President Bedjaoui; Vice-president Schwebel; Judges Oda, Guillaume, Ranjeva, Herezegh, Shi, Fleischhauer, Vereshchetin, Ferrari Bravo, Higgins;
Report of the Secretary—General submitted pursuant to Sub—Commission resolution 1996/16
2. The Trinidad and Tobago Defence Force is not in possession of any weapons of aerial delivery or nuclear, chemical or biological weaponry, nor does it intend to acquire weapons of mass destruction in the future.
Introduction 1. At its forty—eighth session, the Sub—Commission, in resolution 1996/20 entitled “Human rights and terrorism”, reiterated “the unequivocal condemnation of all acts, methods and practices of terrorism regardless of their motivation, in all its forms and manifestations, wherever and by whomever committed, as acts of aggression aimed at the annihilation of human rights, fundamental freedoms and democracy, threatening territorial integrity and international peace and security, destabilizing legitimately constituted governments, undermining pluralistic civil society and having adverse consequences on the economic and social development of States”.
As a consequence, it will only present some issues central to the understanding of the human rights dimension of the phenomenon of terrorism and then conclude with methodological considerations relating to the future work of the Sub—Commission.
All these anti—terrorist conventions are characterized by the criminalization of the acts they cover regardless of whether in a particular case they could be described as terrorism, and by the requirement that Member States either extradite or submit the case of the alleged perpetrator to its authorities for prosecution (the principle of aut dedere aut judicare).
largely as a result of the attitude of the States concerned.
B. Crimes against international law 19 — 26 8
13. In the present working paper, the question of international crimes as a special category of violations of international law is addressed first.
It may be noted that some of these acts can only be committed by States or primarily by States, whereas others are committed mainly by private individuals.
28. In the light of these references, which reflect established trends in doctrine and practice, and for complete clarity in the terminology used, it is appropriate to use international crime only for the acts of States directed against the international community which constitute serious breaches of international law.
32. The correspondence between the acts of a State constituting an international crime and the acts of individuals acting on behalf of the State which together amount to that international crime is far from complete.
The acts performed personally by an official, however highly placed, who makes use of the State to commit an international crime, cannot embrace all the acts of the State constituting that crime.
“Violations of other human rights, including violations of economic, social and cultural rights may also be gross and systematic in scope and nature and must consequently be given all due attention in connection with the right to reparation.” Ibid.
The same can also be said of systematic violations of human rights.
40. Attempts have been made to “measure” violations of human rights.
But in principle, “measuring” human rights violations like this is clearly the right way to go.
However, the translation of this trend into a principle of international law is hampered to a considerable extent by the lack of precise criteria for deciding which categories of human rights violations should be regarded as international crimes.
51. The international community's demand that a particular category of human rights violations should be classified as an international crime would obviously not fully be met even if article 19, subparagraph 2 (c), of the draft articles on State responsibility was already in force in its present form.
52. Crimes against the peace and security of mankind and crimes against international law in general can be perpetrated by officials and private individuals.
If each of these forms constitutes an international crime then the category itself may also be so characterized.
The persons participating in the commission of such acts bear criminal responsibility for their actions and the basis for such responsibility must be sought in international law.
They cannot be equated, for there is a qualitative difference between them.
If an organization can be declared criminal, then in principle and in certain circumstances nothing prevents a State from being declared criminal, since the State is also a specific organization.
For this reason, it would not be right to assimilate States to other organizations in matters of criminal responsibility.
The principle of individual responsibility for international crimes is, of course, fully applicable to gross and massive violations of human rights constituting international crimes.
5. The second basic document was the Guidelines concerning its methods of work which the Sub—Commission adopted at its forty—forth session pursuant to paragraphs 6 and 7 of Commission on Human Rights resolution 1992/66.
These Guidelines were the outcome of an inter—sessional working group chaired by Mr. Louis Joinet, in which the author had the privilege to participate.
(h) A non—governmental organization, subject to paragraph 4 of this rule.
Rule 12 (Rights of representatives pending confirmation)
1. If the Chairperson finds it necessary to be absent during a meeting or any part thereof, he or she shall designate one of the Vice—Chairpersons to take his or her place.
Rule 19 (Replacement of the Chairperson or other officers)
3. The Sub—Commission may limit the time allowed to speakers and the number of times each member may speak on any question; permission to speak on a motion to set such limits shall be accorded only to two members favouring and to two opposing such limits, after which the motion shall be put to the vote immediately.
A proposal or motion before the Sub—Commission for decision shall be voted upon if any member so requests.
* In its decision 1991/103, the Sub—Commission decided that any vote on draft resolutions submitted under item 6 of the agenda pertaining to allegations of violations of human rights in countries should be by secret ballot.
+ In its decision 1992/105, the Sub—Commission decided, pursuant to Council resolution 1991/32, to vote on resolutions, decisions and any proposals of a substantive nature under agenda item 6 of its forty—fourth session by secret ballot, whenever a vote was requested thereon.
1. When one or more elective places are to be filled at one time under the same conditions, those candidates, in a number not exceeding the number of such places, obtaining in the first ballot a majority of the votes cast and the largest number of votes, shall be elected.
(c) Reference to the decisions concerning the budgetary implications and an indication of the total amount; for each of these decisions, the total amount of the appropriations actually used after the completion of the appropriate phase of the study;
Should several observers on the list subsequently agree to make a joint statement, the time of the chosen speaker can be extended.
+ In its decision 1995/113, the Sub—Commission decided that, in the light of the good results of the consideration of agenda item 6 at the beginning of the session, it would continue the practice and consider item 6 at its forty—eighth session starting on the day following the adoption of the agenda.
# It was decided by the Council that consideration of procedure provided for in its resolution 1503 (XLVIII) shall be made in private meetings.
The present document is submitted pursuant to that request.
6. To this end, the proposed study will analyse those historical and cultural factors that may affect the acceptance, entrenchment and furtherance of democracy through the exercise of human rights.
Democracy is based on a constitutional limitation of the powers of the legislator, the Government and the judiciary.
22. Such participation will be ensured by directly or indirectly choosing representatives, by taking the initiative in introducing legislation or appealing against it before the courts, but also by helping to resolve potential problems within society through a general election or referendum.
Claims by States parties that racial discrimination is absent in their territory
These distinctions may amount to total exclusion of persons, depriving them of the most fundamental rights and having racist implications.
Such is at present the case in the Great Lakes region, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Cyprus and elsewhere.
The Government's view is that such a measure is still justified and thus retain its derogations to article 5 of the European Convention on Human Rights and article 9 of the International Covenant on Civil and political Rights.
A duty is placed on the police to inform those detained of this right and any request is recorded in writing unless it is made whilst the detained person is at court.
On the narrow question of denial of access to a legal adviser at a time when inferences from silence might be drawn, the Court found against the United Kingdom.
Until the inquest has been held and a verdict returned we are unable to comment further.
— The powers and responsibilities of the Secretary of State, police and others;
22. It is understood that the use of plastic baton rounds is not free from risk — no method for controlling public order situations is safe — but there are strict rules governing the use of plastic baton rounds which are intended to minimize the possibility of injury and ensure that the law is respected.
4. For the information of the Sub-Commission, the Secretariat has also prepared, as annex II to the present document, a list of country situations currently being considered by the Commission under the agenda items entitled “Organization of the work of the session”, “The right of peoples to self—determination and its application to peoples under colonial or alien domination or foreign occupation” and “Advisory services in the field of human rights”.
8. In order to lessen or eliminate such a risk, and the dangers underlying scientific and technical advances, man in his wisdom has sought, at every stage of his development, to control himself by setting limits which are not to be exceeded and by establishing standards of conduct for all to follow.
I. RESEARCH AREAS WHICH MAY PRODUCE UNDESIRABLE EFFECTS
21. It therefore appears essential to make plans in good time for educating the public and for ascertaining the obligations of States in international law with regard to the effects of radiation resulting from the use of energy produced by nuclear fission.
In 1992, the Council for International Organizations of Medical Sciences (CIOMS) adopted “International ethical guidelines for biomedical research involving human subjects”.
51/127 Offers by Member States of grants and scholarships for higher education, including vocational training, for Palestine refugees
(b) Rules 5 and 6 (Drawing up of the provisional agenda and communication of the provisional agenda).
It was felt that rule 20 of the rules of procedure should not apply to the proceedings of its working groups;
9. The issue of the nature of the exercise being undertaken with respect to the document submitted by Mr. Hatano and the follow—up to be given to it was also raised in the course of the debate.
Sub—Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities
QUESTION OF THE VIOLATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS AND FUNDAMENTAL FREEDOMS, INCLUDING POLICIES OF RACIAL DISCRIMINATION AND SEGREGATION AND OF
Surprisingly however, a draft “resolution” designed to impair the sovereignty and dignity of our country has been tabled.
STATEMENT The Convention relating to the Status of Refugees and the other relevant international instruments clearly define refugee status.
No Mauritanian can thus give any valid reason based on a well—founded fear in order to claim refugee status.
The obligation of maximum effective protection
The obligation to adopt appropriate measures of law and policy
The obligation to explore all possible alternatives
(a) A fair hearing before a competent, impartial and independent court or tribunal;
The essential purpose, however, is surely to pave the way for a discussion on the subject and to promote an exchange of ideas on those questions.
That would make it possible to supplement the study and contribute to the genuine realization of economic, social and cultural rights.
Some of them have, moreover, stated that they attach high priority to economic and material development and strengthening their institutions.
14. This interdependence of civil and political rights and of economic, social and cultural rights confirms their identical legal basis, even if each category of rights has its own rules.
The most important instruments enshrining this principle include the Charter of the United Nations and the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:
The International Conference on Human Rights at Tehran had been the opportunity to review the progress made in protecting human rights since the adoption of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, to assess the effectiveness of the methods and techniques used and to identify the main obstacles encountered in the area;
(g) The Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States (General Assembly resolution 3281 (XXIX));
26. These instruments and many more unequivocally lay down the obligation of individuals, groups of persons, States and the international community to combat impunity for those who violate economic, social and cultural rights.
The following are examples of international practices that give rise to serious violations of economic, social and cultural rights: debt, structural adjustment programmes, deterioration of terms of trade, corruption, laundering of drug money, the fraudulent activities of transnational corporations, etc.
It is for the State and the international community to organize the political and legal framework needed to undertake, with any chance of success, the campaign against impunity for violations of economic, social or cultural rights, whether individual or collective.
It was systematized and generalized to the point of being called the “black-slave trade”.
This trend intensified with the arrival of the British and other “white” population groups which, by violence or cunning, appropriated nearly all the agricultural and residential lands in South African territory.
That system was not peculiar to South Africa only.
52. The practices listed above belong to the past but have baneful consequences for the economic life of the peoples and countries that were the victims.
Those discussed below are perhaps the most usual, but they are not the only ones.
In the latter case, the damage takes the form of a high rate of unemployment accompanied by an intense social crisis.
The “developed” countries, which perpetuate this situation, and the international institutions (World Bank and International Monetary Fund) which act as their collection agencies, should revise their policies so as to ensure an international transfer of resources to the developing countries, sufficient to spare them the difficulties caused by indebtedness.
59. The main consequences of such practices are to multiply and exacerbate the problems of the developing countries.
These methods of managing shortages which steadily worsen the state of dire poverty of the peoples concerned were imposed on them by the debtor countries with the complicity of the international financial institutions in a fictitious context of negotiation in which the creditors had the power to lay down the law.
This lack of harmony demonstrates, if need there still be, the deviation of the financial institutions from their primary mission.
To understand the many forms of corruption, it is first necessary to consider the nature of the situations and persons concerned: civil servants, businessmen, private individuals or companies using the same processes.
Corruption can also engage the responsibility of the State if the latter is organizing it
80. Corruption, trafficking in influence and breach of trust by officials are offences generally connected and usually carried out in the same context and by means of the same methods.
They include misappropriation of public funds, misuse of company assets, financial speculation, unlawful enrichment, laundering of drug money and the complicity of certain credit establishments in receiving funds which have been fraudulently acquired.
83. These various offences, which are sources of serious violations of individual rights, are punishable in domestic legal systems with more or less effectiveness.
90. Such practices, when combined with the perverse impact of indebtedness and of the deterioration in the terms of trade, together with the baneful activities of the transnational corporations, prevent the developing countries and their peoples from effectively enjoying their right to development.
They all revolve around and centre on that right, if by "life" is meant everything that contributes to the continued existence and improvement of the human condition.
100. Shortages or serious crises have inevitable consequences on the labour market with increasingly frequent recessions hampering the development of any policy aimed at improving the conditions of the worker and his family.
Speculative dealings in foodstuffs of prime necessity by some national and international firms, especially with regard to importation and distribution, further frustrate all hope of securing everyone's right to a minimum of food.
In many African countries the principle of free primary and even secondary education had in the past enabled many poor people to receive at least basic teaching.
While it is true that every people or region has its own specific character, the necessary interdependence between the different human rights must not be overlooked.
Thus, an international offence, as determined by international legal standards, is the result of an act or of conduct that is morally and legally imputable to a subject of international law.
It is most reprehensible that certain States should establish legislation which protect the goods or property of certain national companies and give them total impunity for any violations they commit of the economic, social and cultural rights of citizens or private economic groupings.
As regards trade unions, the case-law of the European Court of Human Rights has already enshrined the principle by enabling them to submit to it for consideration a collective labour conflict.
This idea is summarized in the decision handed down by the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in the Velásquez Rodríguez case:
In order to satisfy this request the Secretary-General sent a note verbale and a letter on 3 March 1997.
I. GLOBALIZATION AND INCOME DISTRIBUTION 23 - 44 12
18. The method of understanding distribution and income at the international level consists simply in comparing a country's annual product with the global product of the region or group of countries in question.
When certain levels of violence and denial of human rights are reached, the international community finds itself compelled to act.
E. Globalization, "flexibilization", and the diminishing
Social disintegration, in its twofold sense of "atomie" and "anomie", in the language used by Johan Galtung, is one of the main effects of globalization as a "wild" uncontrolled process of mobility in economic factors, communications and exchanges and the subsequent destruction and restructuring of life systems.
The system for the prevention of human rights violations at the international and regional level must bear in mind that the application of certain policies, especially policies resulting in high income concentration, high levels of redundancy and poverty, will bring as consequences the social disintegration (atomie) and cultural disintegration (anomie) of society, with serious consequences for the rights of individuals.
II. INCOME DISTRIBUTION AT THE INTERNATIONAL AND NATIONAL LEVELS
A. Income distribution at the international level
The United States, by contrast, is at the bottom of the list, giving less than 0.2 per cent of its GNP to other countries in the form of foreign aid".Bradshaw and Wallace, op. cit., p. 141.
63. In so far as wealth in the modern world is closely related to knowledge, the distribution of educational resources is fundamental to an understanding of income distribution in future generations.
The most boring headline agreed by consensus by all the bored editors was "Slight earthquake in Chile.
The most complex processes now being experienced by developed societies, including new forms of racism, are a direct consequence of deregulated economic activities at the international level and of an inequitable and "wild" process of globalization.
Recent studies have shown that women "heads of household" are among those in situations of greatest disadvantage and poverty.
The good society recognizes and seeks to respond to this traditional closed circle".
Today it has become almost a platitude in spite of the impotence and drama inherent in it.
Global ratification and acceptance of the Covenant is fundamental for the improvement of the human condition.
The Special Rapporteur appeals for an increase in international cooperation, in self-sustaining development programmes, training and education of local management capacities.
90. Efforts have to be made to ensure that workers in developing countries receive fair remunerations, related to those paid in developed countries, and are not exploited for the mere economic benefit of transnational corporations.
(d) Proposal of standards and initiatives of a juridical nature, guidelines and other recommendations for consideration by the Commission on Human Rights, the Working Groups on the Right to Development, the Committee on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, the specialized agencies and other instances of the international system of the United Nations;
RATIO OF HIGHEST QUINTILE INCOME TO LOWEST QUINTILE INCOME
(b) Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations.
The information provided is considered by them as strengthening ongoing efforts of the United Nations system to recognize, promote, protect and restore the rights of indigenous peoples.
This recommendation was endorsed by the Commission in its resolution 1995/30 of 3 March 1994 and the workshop was requested to report on the outcome to the thirteenth session of the Working Group.
31. In its resolution 1997/30 of 11 April 1997, the Commission on Human Rights requested the High Commissioner/Centre for Human Rights to convene the second workshop on a permanent forum.
It was said that a definition of indigenous people was essential in order to enable efficient protection of the rights of indigenous peoples.
The group of experts in international law submitted its recommendations to the Commission in 1997 and concluded that the Saami people have right to ownership and possession of certain traditional areas.
24. The Saami in Russia do not have their own official institutions.
During the Soviet era there were limitations on the Saami fishing rights, but the Saami were entitled to use the land and water for their own subsistence.
“Citizens and their associations have the right to possess land as private property.
Owing to the general isolation of some indigenous peoples and the poverty which severely limits their ability to pay for medical services, indigenous peoples face problems of unequal access to health facilities and services.
5. For many indigenous peoples health is a part of a greater order and closely related to the spirit, the environment and their very existence.
7. At its fourteenth session, in (1996), the Working Group on Indigenous Populations considered the question of health and indigenous peoples as sub—item (b) of its agenda item 3 on the review of developments pertaining to the promotion and protection of human rights and fundamental freedoms of indigenous people.
provided a brief overview of the need for considering the issue of health and indigenous people, the social and cultural context of indigenous health, indigenous approaches to health and best practices.
12. In the general debate statements were made by various indigenous representatives and government observers.
20. The first legal instrument addressing the living and working conditions of indigenous and tribal peoples was the International Labour Organization (ILO) Convention (No. 107), concerning indigenous and tribal populations, adopted in 1957 and ratified by 27 countries.
For example, a technical cooperation project on the safety and health of rural workers applies to indigenous peoples, because many indigenous people work as temporary rural workers.
The Advisory Group met for the second time from 16 to 18 April 1997 and adopted the following guidelines for project proposals and the Indigenous Fellowship Programme.
To provide assistance to projects and programmes advancing the goal of the International Decade: international cooperation for the solution of problems faced by indigenous people in such areas as human rights, the environment, development, education, culture and health.
Therefore, it is important that the candidate is proposed and nominated by an indigenous organization or community.
Four alternates should be selected as first, second, third and fourth preferences in the event that any of the four first preferences will not be available.
3. (a) Reviewing the promotion and practical realization of the
6. Illicit drug traffic and supply, including reports of subsidiary bodies of the Commission.
In addition, article 8 of the Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961,United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 520, No. 7515. article 17 of the Convention on Psychotropic Substances of 1971Ibid., vol. 1019, No. 14956. and article 21 of the Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances of 1988Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol.
The revised draft could then be the object of in-depth discussions by an open-ended intergovernmental working group in the fourth quarter of 1997.
The Commission at its fortieth session may wish to continue its consideration of that subject.
Report of the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary QuestionsThis document has not been edited.
For the biennium 1994-1995, less than ten per cent of UNDCP's resources came from the regular budget of the United Nations and about 90.3 per cent from voluntary contributions for the Fund of UNDCP (E/CN.7/1997/8, para. 8).
These include voluntary contributions of $122,200,000, interest income of $4,680,000 and public donations and other income of $2,250,000.
20. The Advisory Committee recalls that, as indicated in its report E/CN.7/1995/22, paragraph 12, in addition to the posts charged to the headquarters support budget, there are 32 posts at headquarters charged to global projects budgets.
As shown in table 4, annex I, of document E/CN.7/1997/9, programme support resources for 1996-1997 are estimated to amount to $4,370,100 ($2,931,500 for UNDCP execution, $899,800 for UNDCP and UNOPS and $489,200 for UNDCP and UNIDO execution) or 4.0 per cent of the total estimated project delivery of $109,122,000 and 3.4 per cent of the total general and special-purpose resources for 1996-1997 of $126,453,700 (see table 9 of E/CN.7/1997/9).
If this proposal is implemented, UNDCP would recover an additional amount of $650,000 for agency execution in 1996-1997.
Elaborates and manages information dissemination (public access, limited or restricted access).
Assists and manages the development of UNDCP's capability to assess, analyse and communicate the global drug problem using economic methods.
In consultation with TSB, undertakes technical assessments of drug abuse and trafficking problems in selected countries in the Africa region in relation to economic, social and political developments; analyses trends in drug trafficking and abuse; identifies vulnerable groups, sets forth needs and priorities for assistance. 30. Secretary GS
Provides secretarial and clerical support to the Technical Adviser.
I. DRAFT PROVISIONAL AGENDA AND DOCUMENTATION FOR THE FORTY-FIRST SESSION OF THE COMMISSION 1-5 2
1. The Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its forty-first session will need to act again not only as a functional commission of the Economic and Social Council and the governing body of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP), but also as the preparatory body for the special session of the General Assembly to be held in 1998.
1056th meeting Item 4 (a). Report of INCB for 1997
Items 4 (b) and (c). Changes in the scope of control of substances and other matters arising from the international drug control treaties
According to that budget cycle, the Commission is called upon to approve the final budget for the current biennium and the initial budget for the next biennium for the Fund of UNDCP at its reconvened sessions, held in December of odd years.
programme budget for 1998-1999 for the Fund of the United Nations
B. Lessons learned and major achievements during the biennium 1996-1997 51-52 19
The difference between the amount of $127,184,800 for project activities in the 1998-1999 outline and the proposed programme budget of $110,502,000 is $16,682,800, reflecting lower programme delivery amounting to $2,086,400 and changes in the presentation format which account for $12,109,800.
Details on the breakdown of the allocation of resources by region, sector, execution modality and location for 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 by cost and volume changes are contained in table 1.
A. New programme budget format The programme budget is presented in a new format that is comparable with those used by other United Nations programmes, including the United Nations Children’s Fund (UNICEF), the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) and the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
Programmes are currently under preparation for the Caribbean region, Afghanistan, Azerbaijan, Lao People’s Democratic Republic, Nigeria, Peru and Viet Nam, and for the construction of a security belt around Afghanistan. E. Fund policy
Programmes and activities should specify measurable indicators of success in achieving such objectives.
Programmes and activities should be planned and carried out with due attention to the absorption capacity of the partners.
The comparative advantage of UNDCP in assisting with the development of drug-control responses is grounded in its multilateral and impartial character, valued by recipients particularly in the context of legal and judicial reform, and its coordination of international drug-control cooperation.
The production of opium poppy has more than tripled since 1985.
The remainder is converted into 300 tonnes of heroin, the largest part of which is for international illicit markets.
During the past decade, illicit drug production and trafficking of plant-based and other drugs have spread to new geographical areas.
The experience of UNDCP and its partners during the biennium 1996-1997 has led to a better understanding of the drug-control situation in the various regions, the relative strengths and weaknesses of the parties involved in drug control, and new and better approaches and strategies to tackle such a complex and rapidly changing phenomenon.
As a first step in tackling such issues, UNDCP has decentralized activities to the country level by opening a regional office in Cairo.
In south Asia, renewed prominence will also be given to fostering cooperation on the subregional and regional levels between countries in all sectors. Emphasis will be placed on practical measures to suppress drug trafficking.
In east Asia and the Pacific, the thrust of the UNDCP programme will be twofold.
Demand reduction activities undertaken in parallel will also increase from $1.4 million to $3.5 million.
In that regard, technical studies are a prerequisite for the provision of the comprehensive information on which sound decision-making processes can occur, at both the policy and operational levels;
Objective: to establish or strengthen national coordinating mechanisms and bodies or inter-ministerial committees and make them fully operational.
Objective: to improve the control of licit pharmaceuticals in key countries of the region of east and southern Africa.
The training will be provided through seminars, workshops or more targeted advisory services.
National seminars on demand reduction for policy makers and experts in the field, together with participants from non-governmental organizations, will have been undertaken to increase awareness, to identify needs for human resources development and to elaborate action-oriented programmes.
The area under cultivation is estimated at 50,000 hectares.
Opiates and sedatives are the two main types of drugs abused, followed by cannabis and cocaine.
The spread of drugs such as ecstasy, methamphetamine and other ATS is alarming.
Cooperation with ILO, the European Commission and the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe was enhanced to optimize assistance in demand reduction.
The Baltic States, Belarus and Ukraine form a geopolitical belt between south-west Asia and the Russian Federation, on one side, and Poland, as the main gateway for illicit drugs to Germany, the Benelux countries and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland.
UNDCP will continue working with the Pompidou Group in expanding its multi-city network to States of eastern Europe, and with UNESCO in strengthening primary prevention to counteract the trend of increasing substance abuse among children and young people.
The proposed budgetary allocation for the programme for central and eastern Europe for the bienniums 1996-1997 and 1998-1999 is presented in table 5.
In Kyrgyzstan, assistance was provided to the State Committee on Drug Control for the establishment of a national drug intelligence unit, a national mechanism to control drugs and precursors, as well as for the improvement of a national forensic laboratory and other drug law enforcement infrastructure.
While the policy of conditionality will be applied under the project module for reduction of the poppy crop, it is not applicable to other modules.
Objective: to build up a coordinated drug law enforcement programme aimed at improved interdiction of drugs coming from Afghanistan.
After leaving Afghanistan, drug-trafficking routes rapidly branch and spread.
In central Asia, a steering committee consisting of senior officials from the memorandum of understanding signatory countries and a UNDCP representative is responsible for the overall implementation and development of the subregional drug control cooperation programme.
During the biennium 1996-1997, the subregional approach was expanded and developed with the launching of new subregional projects in various sectors.
Traditionally, UNDCP addressed the elimination of illicit crops through projects that offered alternative sources of income to replace opium.
In the area of alternative development, in the Lao People’s Democratic Republic and Viet Nam, a number of United Nations agencies will be participating in project implementation.
Despite the emerging worldwide phenomenon of synthetic drugs, which are inexpensive and can be produced virtually anywhere at high profit margins, the international illicit markets for plant-based drugs such as cocaine, heroin and cannabis remain strong.
However, a number of factors are very likely to fuel a continuous strong demand for cocaine and other drugs, including patterns of multiple drug abuse, a net increase in the number of new entrants into drugs, and the ability of traffickers and retailers to adjust to new circumstances and remain price-competitive.
UNDCP is the region’s principal multilateral drug-control partner of the region, with an average yearly expenditure of $20 million (1994-1996), working closely with the Inter-American Drug Abuse Control Commission (CICAD) of the Organization of American States (OAS), which delivers an average of $3 million per year (1994-1996).
The role of the private sector was promoted vigorously in all three countries, and major inroads have already been achieved in Bolivia and Peru.
In the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse, the expected result is to have all countries acknowledging demand reduction as a key component of national plans to address the drug problem, and to have built greater social awareness and mobilization against drugs as a deterrent for potential new entrants.
The thematic focus in the area of prevention and reduction of drug abuse will be the provision of policy guidance and institutional development support for more effective and wider implementation of preventive education strategies.
Caribbean countries and territories members of the commonwealth will assess the feasibility of establishing subregional protection schemes for witnesses, prosecutors and judges, as well as sentencing options and alternatives to incarceration.
UNDCP clears the allocation of funding on the basis of satisfactory substantive and financial progress reports.
Significant efforts will be made to identify and implement planning and operational linkages and synergies with the work of other organizations, including international financial institutions, to incorporate the drug dimension into their mainstream socio-economic development work.
Cooperation with the Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice Division of the Secretariat and the network of collaborative institutions of the Division included assistance in the formulation and sponsorship of a project related to criminal justice.
The Executive Director had two televised interviews in New York (Cable News Network (CNN) and Fox News).
A decision was taken by UNDCP management to shift priorities, and this activity is now being terminated.
They focus on improving the understanding of the money-laundering phenomenon and the acceptance of the need for countermeasures; assisting Member States in developing strategies, effective laws and countermeasures against money-laundering; and improving international cooperation in this area.
The third element in the UNDCP strategy for policy development and methodology work is the focus on the practical applicability of its products.
The joint activities will be complemented by activities aimed at refining the comparative advantage of UNDCP and bolstering its position as a coordinating centre of expertise and knowledge.
The main activities described below are proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 in the five categories under the global programme for policy development and methodology.
Through IDAAS, information on drug abuse and analysis of trends will be provided, inter alia, for inclusion in reports to the Commission.
The handbooks will also be made available to Governments and other organizations active in this field to facilitate their design and implementation of demand-reduction projects and programmes.
This set of activities also includes acquisition and distribution of reference samples of drugs under international control, their metabolites and of controlled chemicals and precursors to national laboratories in developing countries, drug-testing laboratories participating in the international collaborative exercises, regional training centres and collaborating institutions; production and distribution of drug and precursor identification kits to law enforcement agencies; and organization of expert group meetings on laboratory methodologies and standard guidelines.
Research in policy development will enable Member States to respond to the global problem of ATS by means of improving the international drug-control system through the action plan against manufacture, trafficking and abuse of ATS for the special session of the General Assembly, and its operationalization and continuing scientific work to keep abreast of the perpetually changing ATS issue.
This will include strengthening the research capacity for understanding the different dimensions of the drug problem by more intensive and extensive use of the network of collaborating centres, the awarding of small research grants as seed money and joint projects in developing countries.
The databank will continue to be maintained and used by the secretariat of the Board, Division for Treaty Implementation and Policy Development, UNDCP headquarters.
6Official Records of the United Nations Conference for the Adoption of a Convention against Illicit Traffic in Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances, Vienna, 25 November-20 December 1988, vol. I (United Nations publication, Sales No. E.94.XI.5).
To consider ways and means of improving the coordination of the United Nations drug-control-related activities (section VI, paragraph 4)
Encouragement of each Member State to require the establishment by banks and other financial institutions of customer identification policies and to broaden anti-money-laundering measures, and of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme to strengthen cooperation with the Financial Action Task Force (Commission resolution 5 (XXXIX))
Furthermore, in paragraph 10 of the report it is indicated that although the national-execution modality “requires significant resources for programme support, the partnership that evolves between the national authority and UNDCP has as positive by-products the development and strengthening of national capacities to develop, manage and monitor technical cooperation activities in drug control”.
. At its meeting at Abudja in September 1996, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS), a UNDCP partner, decided to convene a ministerial meeting on drug trafficking and abuse, particularly their impact on youth and criminality, to be held in Cape Verde in early 1997.
Thus, Afghanistan continued to be one of the world's major producers of illicit opiates.
UNDCP assistance, an integral part of the reconstruction and institution-building process in the post-conflict situation, will also contribute to the development of the legal framework for drug control, strengthen law enforcement services and build up the capacity of educational, health and social welfare agencies involved in drug abuse prevention.
UNDCP initiated the second phase of the integrated area development programme in Lebanon in October 1996.
In the law enforcement sector, UNDCP supported operational and investigative training, providing selected equipment to law enforcement agencies and assisting in establishing and improving the functioning of national drug control coordinating bodies, particularly in Brazil, Cuba and Ecuador and in other countries in Central America and the Caribbean.
UNDCP continued to carry out its role as advocate, technical partner, coordinator and source of partial funding of such interventions.
In Brazil, UNDCP began working with well-known corporate sponsors on the organization of large-scale social mobilization campaigns to support drug abuse prevention and healthy lifestyles.
The commentary will be published in 1997.
In addition, UNDCP supported INCB by organizing and funding several subregional training seminars for national drug control administrators on the requirements of the international drug control treaties and compliance with their provisions at the national level.
In 1996, UNDCP provided support to Governments and non-governmental organizations in the development and implementation of preventive education strategies and programmes.
National and regional seminars have been held in Egypt, Mexico and Namibia to promote the use of the model.
The assistance led to the launching of 16 subregional law enforcement programmes in Africa, Asia, Europe and Latin America, as well as in CIS member States.
In 1996, UNDCP provided assistance to counter money-laundering to the following States: Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Cambodia, Chile, Colombia, Estonia, Haiti, Latvia, Lesotho, Lithuania, Nepal, Pakistan, Romania, Russian Federation, Slovakia and Swaziland.
At the field level, UNDCP has succeeded in integrating drug control as a component in the programmes and activities of other United Nations bodies and agencies.
UNDCP has taken a lead role in inter-agency coordination in drug control in Asia and the Pacific, under the umbrella of the Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific.
It aims to establish national strategies and organizational and administrative structures for community-based demand reduction programmes using project implementation teams as the main driving force.
In 1996, UNDCP prepared the proposed revised budget programme for the biennium 1996-1997 and the proposed outline for the biennium 1998-1999 for the Fund of UNDCP and programme support cost for submission to the Advisory Committee on Administrative and Budgetary Questions (ACABQ) and to the Commission on Narcotic Drugs at its fortieth session (E/CN.7/1997/9).
As expenditure continues to exceed income, the Fund balance will be significantly reduced in the biennium 1996-1997.
Generally speaking, the abuse of amphetamines, cannabis and opiates seem to be on the increase, while the abuse of cocaine and hallucinogens is stable but at high levels.
III. YOUNG PEOPLE AND DRUG ABUSE 56-64 18
15. The number of abusers of amphetamine-type drugs was estimated at 6 million from among 37 reporting countries, with Europe being the leading region, followed by the Americas.
Injecting drug use practice is not limited to intravenous injecting, but also include intramuscular or subcutaneous injecting.
19. In order to present a fuller picture of the situation, data provided through the annual reports questionnaires have has been supplemented by other data.AIDS 1994, vol. 8, pp. 1745-1756 and HIV/AIDS Surveillance in Europe, 1996/2.
In addition, the tendency of those starting to abuse heroin is not to inject at first.
In 1995, a large increase was reported by high-prevalence countries such as the United States (prevalence 7.1 per cent).
Pharmaceutical preparations containing narcotic drugs or psychotropic substances are still widely available throughout Asia without a medical prescription.
Half of the countries reporting injecting drug use also reported HIV infection among the injecting drug abusers (see map 3, p.10).
59. There is a large and growing number of "recreational" users of amphetamine-type stimulants, the prevalence of which is similar between males and females.
71. Among the countries having a national drug abuse data collection system, resources and capabilities available varied greatly.
Civic groups, especially those directly concerned with youth, should disseminate information about the dangers of drug abuse and law enforcement agencies should, where appropriate, participate in information activities.
Programmes in the form of lectures and seminars to sensitize parents and make them aware of the problem of drug abuse have been reported by several countries.
85. Targets 29 to 33 and 35 deal with treatment and rehabilitation issues, while target 34 deals with care for drug-addicted offenders within the criminal justice and prison system.
91. In general, based on information received, social reintegration seems to be the least addressed aspect of demand reduction.
102. In most parts of the world there are regional and national networks of epidemiologists and epidemiology work groups, like the Asian Epidemiology Work Group, that discuss issues of common concern, organize training and in some cases also develop instruments for common reporting.
However, the scientific quality of the data is variable and not always known.
A. Global rates of interception of heroin and cocaine at a time of expansion of international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods 73-86 22 B. Law enforcement methods to improve rates of interception 87-100 27
II. Heroin and morphine: potential global availability and seizures, 1984-1995 5
X. Heroin and cocaine: seizures in eastern Europe and the Commonwealth of
Moreover, analysis of trafficking trends and of conclusions thereon, as well as of specific trafficking routes and methods, is often incomplete as a result of the scarcity of individual seizure reports transmitted by Governments to international organizations and the relatively low rates of interception of illicit drug trafficking in some of the key trafficking countries and regions.
13. Most of the world’s cocaine originates in the Andean region.
In 1995, 13 African and 27 Asian countries and territories reported cocaine seizures.
Other major producers include the five countries of central Asia (with a combined area of about 170,000 hectares under illicit cannabis cultivation and wild growth), Morocco (some 50,000 hectares), Mexico (some 7,000 hectares) and Colombia (5,000 hectares).
In 1995, more than 470,000 indoor-cultivated cannabis plants were seized in the Netherlands.
In 1995, the report of the Secretariat on stimulants and the use of their precursors in the illicit manufacture of and trafficking in drugs (E/CN.7/1996/12) discussed past and present trends in the illicit traffic in amphetamine-type stimulants.
However, in 1995, Peru reported a 40 per cent increase in seizures of hydrochloric acid over the previous years.
The extent of rise in international cocaine trafficking can be seen in maps 5 and 6.
Other major trafficking problems are the shipment of bulk loads of cocaine from Latin America and of psychotropic substances from Asia and cannabis shipments through southern and eastern African seaports destined for overland transport through Africa or for reloading, mainly to European seaports.
62. Overall, regional reports and international meetings have concluded that the amounts of drugs being trafficked through the Caribbean continue to rise more rapidly than local seizure and interception rates suggest.
United States sources also estimate that 84 tonnes of cocaine transit Puerto Rico en route to mainland United States markets each year.
Other traffickers arrested for heroin trafficking were from countries of the former Yugoslavia, other European countries, countries in Africa and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The actual weight of heroin seized in east Europe was 1,200 kilograms in 1995 (out of 10.0 tonnes seized in all of Europe) and 2,400 kilograms in 1994 (11 tonnes seized in all Europe).
international trade and transportation and improved drug trafficking methods
As shown, the estimated heroin interception rate stayed fairly stable, ranging from 7 to 10 per cent, except for a peak of 14.7 per cent in 1993.
During the same period, the number of cases of air couriers arrested in Europe increased, in contrast to the situation described above for interception of surface trafficking.
Major cocaine seizures in Europe were made mainly by the countries with large seaports mentioned above: Spain alone accounted for roughly 32 per cent of all cocaine seizures in Europe in 1995, followed by the Netherlands, Germany and Italy.
Most of these measures, however, require not only advanced legal and institutional law enforcement structures but also additional financial resources and sophisticated technical equipment that are often not available.
89. The changes in global interception rates in heroin and cocaine trafficking noted earlier, from around 14 per cent for cocaine and below 10 per cent for heroin in 1985 to 34 and 14.5 per cent respectively in 1993, indicate the potential to increase the effectiveness of law enforcement programmes and the need for advanced law enforcement methods to be applied at the international level.
It is hoped that the agreement will also lead to joint law enforcement activities to expand their profiling and targeting programmes, which is essential in view of the average of 60,000 containers being processed monthly through the port of Durban alone.
Nevertheless, while countries in the traditional destination regions for cocaine continue to improve their knowledge on the specific patterns of cocaine trafficking via the Caribbean, that knowledge is not always available in the concerned transit countries.
96. All countries that have ratified the 1988 Convention (138 as at 31 December 1996) have committed themselves to implementing the technique of controlled delivery, which, for drug law enforcement purposes, could be applied both to drug trafficking and to major cash movements across borders.
97. Only limited information was sent to international organizations on cases of controlled delivery actually conducted in the 1990s.
The above information also displays clearly the significant discrepancy between countries experiencing and reporting major cocaine and heroin trafficking problems and those actually applying advanced law enforcement techniques to counteract and dismantle the networks behind the trafficking.
In 1995, the number of countries reporting cocaine seizures was 100 per cent higher than in the early 1980s, and 89 per cent more countries were affected by heroin seizures; for amphetamine-type stimulants, the increase in reporting countries was 60 per cent, and only for cannabis, which is cultivated in almost all regions, did the extent of globalization remain almost unchanged.
B. Meeting of Heads of National Drug Law Enforcement Agencies, Asia and the Pacific 23-34 8
Direct reference to the United Nations International Drug Control Programme (UNDCP) is limited to recommendation 4, to the effect that UNDCP should continue and increase its assistance to help countries adopt up-to-date and harmonized legislation, and should also assist States in training law enforcement agents.
7. The provisional agenda for the Twenty-second Meeting of HONLEA, Asia and the Pacific, approved at the Twenty-first Meeting, is as follows:
8. The attention of the Commission is drawn to paragraph 38 below concerning a proposal made to include an additional item on the agendas of the meetings of the subsidiary bodies in 1997-1998 to review issues to be considered by the General Assembly at its special session in 1998.
(d) Implementation of recommendations adopted at the thirty-first session of the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East, held at Amman from 9 to 13 March l996, will be reviewed at the thirty-third session; recommendations adopted at the thirty-second session to be held at Baku from 17 to 21 February 1997, will be reviewed at the thirty-fourth session.
To facilitate cooperation, representatives described their country's adoption and continued support for informal agreements to permit the speedy exchange of operational information and more formalized agreements using memoranda of understanding to promote requests for mutual legal assistance in drug-related criminal prosecutions.
UNDCP is in the process of creating a security zone to combat trafficking from Afghanistan to the neighbouring countries.
"Convinced that the Baku Accord on Regional Cooperation against Illicit Cultivation, Production, Trafficking, Distribution and Consumption of Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances and their Precursors, will contribute to the enhancement of the struggle against illicit trafficking in drugs,
"(h) To harmonize drug legislation, in particular with regard to the application of adequate penalties for drug offences;
Significant progress in drug control cannot be made without that balanced approach.
"Recalling its decision 1993/246 of 27 July 1993 and its decision 1996/248 of 23 July 1996, by which it authorized the enlargement of the membership of the Subcommission on Illicit Drug Traffic and Related Matters in the Near and Middle East,
The following recommendations were adopted on issue 2:
It was stressed that the Russian language should be included as a working language of the Subcommission, since it was the lingua franca of the law enforcement officials of a number of new members of the Subcommission (see chapter I, section A, draft resolution II).
The observer for the Council of Arab Ministers of the Interior informed the Subcommission of action taken by the Council to support drug control in the Arab world.
Item 6 of the provisional agendaE/CN.7/1997/1.
It will focus on the provision of comprehensive guidelines and coordination of the work of other organs to ensure a multidimensional, integrated and gender-sensitive approach to poverty eradication in accordance with, inter alia, the provisions of the Programme of Action of the World Summit for Social Development, the Platform for Action, adopted by the Fourth World Conference on Women, and General Assembly resolution 50/227.
LETTER DATED 5 SEPTEMBER 1996 FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE ECONOMIC
As reflected in part III of the agreed conclusions, the Council, at this segment, took a number of steps to harmonize the intergovernmental consideration of poverty eradication and to ensure that the different dimensions of poverty are covered in a complementary way by its functional commissions and by the Council itself, also taking into account other fora, in particular policy-making organs of specialized agencies.
Since the Secretary-General is required to submit a report to the Council at its next session on the implementation of these agreed conclusions, I would be very grateful if you could provide the Secretary-General with information on action taken by the Commission to implement the agreed conclusions, before the next session of the Council.
(d) No State in the region had established special programmes to target container traffic and vessels of particular interest to investigators.
33. The working group met once on 19 February 1997.
(c) Illicit manufacturing, processing and trafficking in eastern Turkey was reported to be supported by PKK;
Further information was available on the existence of more laboratories processing opium into morphine base and morphine base into heroin for export through the Islamic Republic of Iran to western markets.
34. The working group drew the following conclusions:
A. Establishment and management of the United Nations International Drug Control Programme 33-34 8
The report examines action taken to implement General Assembly resolutions that were adopted from 1990 to 1995.
The report further contains concrete examples of programmes and measures implemented at the national level, an evaluation of progress on the implementation of the Global Programme of Action and recommendations on ways and means of improving implementation.
The high cost of detection and eradication measures in remote areas is, however, a serious obstacle to establishing effective eradication programmes.
In addition, UNDCP has developed model legislation to promote more uniform implementation of the international drug control treaties and to facilitate international cooperation.
A package of model laws on the regulation of licit activities, the repression of illicit activities, extradition and mutual legal assistance, money-laundering and confiscation of proceeds, as well as on the creation of required drug control bodies and coordination mechanisms, is available in Arabic, English, French, Portuguese, Russian and Spanish, for use in the main legal systems.
The Commission concurred with the Executive Director that the problems related to data collection were extremely complex, and would not be easy to solve.
There are regional arrangements on the issue, such as the Council of the European Communities directive 91/477/EEC, of 18 June 1991, on control of the acquisition and possession of weapons,Official Journal of the European Communities, No. L 256/51, 13 September 1991.
In the past, information on clandestine ATS manufacture and other aspects of illegal trade in ATS was available in underground literature.
Although control of the exchange of information on ATS was a difficult and complex issue, appropriate steps at both the national and international level were possible, in close cooperation with all actors involved, and should be taken.
It could also be used effectively for training purposes with participants located in different countries.
The development of appropriate control strategies should be tailored to the needs of the individual country and region.
Governments should trace, monitor and curtail assets derived from the clandestine manufacture of ATS (see paragraph 40 below).
(i) Emergency or simplified scheduling processes;
The annual reports questionnaire and Form D (providing annual information on substances frequently used in the illicit manufacture of narcotic drugs and psychotropic substances) should be used and made more specific for such purposes (see paragraphs 18, 30 and 31 above).
He underlined the historical interplay between the licit and illicit spheres of the ATS problem, as well as the equal contributions of demand and supply to the global expansion of ATS abuse from a few countries prior to the 1970s to the global dimensions witnessed during the 1990s.
Of increasing concern, however, was the spread of underground literature, including on the Internet, on the various possibilities for clandestine synthesis of ATS.
The approach was to promote a healthy drug-free lifestyle, which should lead to a decline in consumption.
He proposed, in conclusion, a set of countermeasures to address, in particular, the need for appropriate national frameworks, regional and international cooperation, as well as sanctions for precursor-related offences.
(a) Increasing the effectiveness of the international control system for dealing with clandestine synthetic drugs;
He further emphasized the work already initiated by regional groups, such as the Pompidou Group of the Council of Europe and the epidemiological network groups that cooperated closely with UNDCP and WHO.
Nayera G. El-din Husein (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo
Nobuaki Ito (Japan), Minister, Permanent Mission of Japan to the United Nations (Vienna)
David Musto (United States of America), Yale University - Child Study Centre, New Haven, Connecticut
D. José Félix Olalla (Spain), Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo, Madrid
Fawzi Abd Rabu El Shora (Egypt), Ministry of Health, Cairo
Zhu Entao (China), Assistant Minister, Ministry of Public Security, Beijing
III. POSITION OF THE INTERNATIONAL NARCOTICS CONTROL BOARD ON THE CONTROLLED DISTRIBUTION OF HEROIN TO DRUG
In that resolution, the Commission recalled its resolutions 5 (S-V) of 23 February 1978 and 2 (XXXII) of 11 February 1987, in which it had strongly urged Governments to prohibit the use of heroin on human beings.
5. The Single Convention on Narcotic Drugs of 1961,United Nations, Treaty Series, vol. 520, No. 7515. as amended by the 1972 Protocol,Ibid., vol. 976, No. 14152.
Article 2, paragraph 5, leaves the prohibition to the judgement, though theoretically not to the discretion, of each party.
15. In May 1953, the Sixth World Health Assembly adopted a resolution (WHA6.14) on diacetylmorphine (heroin).
Only two States (Switzerland and the United Kingdom) were known to provide heroin to drug addicts.
An interview survey and an analysis of registry data showed that while drug offences ceased almost entirely during the experiment, other crimes increased.
The failure of drug-free treatment services and the number of relapse cases convinced some States of the need to provide narcotic drugs for the chronic drug addicts who had failed in other programmes.
Methadone maintenance programmes started later in Bahrain (1985) and Austria (1987).
In most cases, they received their regular prescription from their family doctor.
No figures were given on the number of addicts receiving codeine.
Methadone maintenance programmes vary according to admission criteria, length of treatment, dosage, combination with other types of treatment etc.
44. The three experimental studies show similar results: methadone substitution is more efficient than placebo treatment or no treatment at all, particularly with regard to reduction of heroin consumption and involvement in criminal activity, as long as the patients are in long-term treatment.
The majority remained in contact with other drug users and involved in drug-related activities, though often less intensively than before.
Most persisted in some criminal activity, though less than half were dependent on crime as a source of income.
I. Participation of non-governmental organizations 11-12 4
9. Following the practice of the preparatory committee for the seventeenth special session, the preparatory body for the upcoming special session may wish to recommend to the General Assembly that the Credentials Committee of the special session should have the same membership as the Credentials Committee of the fifty-second regular session of the General Assembly.
10. The preparatory body may wish to recommend that, following established practice, the General Committee of the special session should consist of the President of the special session of the General Assembly and the 21 vice-presidents and the chairmen of the seven Main Committees of the fifty-second session of the General Assembly, on the understanding that they may be substituted by members of their delegations or members of delegations of States belonging to the same regional group and of the chairman of the ad hoc committee of the special session, if such a committee is established. I. Participation of non-governmental organizations
12. Views and matters pertaining to the special session, transmitted by specialized agencies and other relevant bodies of the United Nations system.
Several specific objectives linked to the overall purpose of the special session were identified.
Secondly, adherence to the international drug control treaties and their full implementation by all States should be advanced by the special session.
It could identify how such cooperation could be improved, including specific measures that could be adopted by States.
The report of the Expert Meeting, containing its conclusions and recommendations, is before the Commission (E/CN.7/1997/6).
15. Over a period of several decades alternative development as a means of reducing illicit cultivation has come to be widely recognized by the international community as an indispensable component of the international drug-control strategy.
This concern has been matched - or even exceeded - by increasing expectations placed in the United Nations.
In addition, Member States could commit themselves to providing a more solid, broader-based system of support for international cooperation in drug control through active participation in the activities of UNDCP.
(b) Paper prepared by the International Narcotics Control Board on measures to promote judicial cooperation (INCB/JUD).
14. The Secretariat made an introductory statement on the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation.
General statements were made by the representatives of Luxembourg (on behalf of the European Community) and the Russian Federation.
22. Regarding the conclusions contained in paragraphs 36-37 of the conference room paper on the promotion of judicial cooperation, statements were made by the representatives of Argentina, Belgium, Bolivia, India, Peru, Portugal and Sweden.
2. The meeting was opened by the Chairman of the Commission acting as preparatory body.
28. Statements were made by the representatives of Germany and the United States.
29. It was agreed that the consolidated paper should be edited and reformatted by the Secretariat and sent to Governments for comments. III. OTHER MATTERS
34. The Executive Director made a statement on the balanced approach adopted by UNDCP.
He provided information related to the activities of UNDCP in the field of demand reduction, indicating that on the basis of the resources allocated and the number of technical assistance projects in that field, UNDCP was giving the same importance to demand reduction as to reducing illicit supply and countering illicit trafficking.
(iii) Exchange of information between exporting, importing and transit States, and with the International Narcotics Control Board, on the licit uses made of imported precursors;
Information on the normal patterns of legitimate trade and on the licit uses of, and requirements for, precursors is necessary to verify the legitimacy of individual transactions.
Without such information, the Board has found it difficult to see how competent national authorities could possibly monitor the movement of substances in Table I and Table II, as required under article 12.
(a) If needed and so far as possible on a periodic basis, review their domestic legislation to simplify procedures for extradition, consistent with their constitutional principles and the basic concepts of their legal systems;
IV. CALL FOR ACTION A. Assessing the problem 9. Demand reduction programmes should be based on a regular assessment of the nature and magnitude of drug use and abuse and drug-related problems in the population.
Efforts to reduce the demand for drugs should be part of a broader social policy approach that encourages multisectoral collaboration.
Member States should develop within the criminal justice system, where appropriate, capacities for assisting drug abusers with education, treatment and rehabilitation services.
Every attempt should be made to ensure credibility, avoid sensationalism, promote trust and enhance effectiveness.
Those strategies and programmes should be ongoing and should be aimed at meeting the needs of participants.
This includes, most notably, an emphasis on counselling, intensification of a reproductive health perspective and an emphasis on adolescent health.
A number of countries in Asia already have health insurance programmes in operation.
These include coverage of governmental workers and some private-sector employees in 10 countries — including Indonesia, Thailand, the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Philippines.
11. The Philippines provides a notable example of a “healthy places” strategy which is being implemented through advocacy of basic sanitation and the removal of threats to the environment.
12. Work-related health policies and programmes are emerging as important elements in development plans in several countries.
Similar efforts are supported in the Philippines, with emphasis on helping families to cope with disabled members and on providing support for capability-building programmes to develop self-reliance and independence.
Non-governmental organizations are active in creating awareness among people of the needs of older persons.
Programmes to provide social and housing support are reported in several countries; they often feature cooperation between non-governmental organizations and the Government in meeting the needs of this rapidly growing population.
In many countries, such as Bangladesh, Eritrea, India and the United Republic of Tanzania, early marriage and subsequent early childbearing not only are health risks to young women but also prevent their full social development and reduce the contribution that each individual can make to social development and community life.
Every maternal death has to be reported to a committee for a review of underlying causes and methods of future prevention.
UNAIDS also gives a high priority to efforts to develop, advocate and implement best practices in combating the epidemic; 19 such best practices have now been issued by UNAIDS, which has brought together scientists at regional workshops to improve surveillance.
42. Countries with a significant level of HIV/AIDS have adopted measures to meet the challenge of massive changes in demand for services and the reduced ability to provide care because of illness among health personnel.
Demographic and health surveys were most frequently mentioned in the questionnaire as sources of information.
Through its efforts, a network of seven legal rights training officers has been created to improve the understanding and protection of human rights in the region.
The institution selected would be given some modest assistance to strengthen its services to other developing countries.
According to those procedures, nominations shall be sought from the Governments of Board member countries, UNICEF representatives, regional directors and other secretariat offices and National Committees for UNICEF, and the Bureau shall review all nominations.
A/AC.237/MISC.46 Consideration of the establishment of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of questions regarding implementation (Article 13): submissions from delegations relating to Article 13
C. Organization of the work of future sessions 7 4
The Chairman expressed his appreciation to the participants for their constructive cooperation and declared the fourth session of the AG13 closed. Annex I
A/AC.237/59 Consideration of the establishment of a multilateral consultative process for the resolution of questions regarding implementation (Article 13)
Such conclusions and recommendations will include, as appropriate, elements relating to:
In accordance with the conclusions of the AG13 at its fourth session, the main document for the session will be the multilateral consultative process found in annex II of the final report of the fourth session (FCCC/AG13/1997/2).
(b) Organization of the work of the session;
(c) Recognized that, at its next session, the Group would consider whether any adjustment to the framework compilation in annex II would need to be made, in light of any outcome by the COP, at its third session, of the negotiations on the development of a protocol or another legal instrument;
Annex I DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON ARTICLE 13 AT ITS FIFTH SESSION
FCCC/AG13/1996/MISC.2 Responses to questionnaire relating to the establishment and Add.1 of a multilateral consultative process: Submissions by intergovernmental and non-governmental bodies
The Committee shall comprise [government representatives] [persons nominated by governments, acting in their individual capacity] who are experts [in social, economic, legal, technical, scientific and technological, and/or environmental fields] [with relevant knowledge] in the field of the Convention.
(a) Appropriate [assistance], [support] and [encouragement]; and
The fifth session of the Ad Hoc Group on the Berlin Mandate (hereinafter referred to as "the AGBM") was held at the Palais des Nations, Geneva, from 9 to 12 December 1996.
Professor Bolin informed the AGBM that two more technical papers would be issued in early 1997 and regretted that these were not yet available to the Group.
At the 3rd meeting, on 10 December, statements were made on behalf of environmental non-governmental organizations and by a representative of local governments.
The AGBM considered this matter at its 4th meeting, on 11 December.
This suggested that at the next session, with the help of the framework compilation to be prepared by the Chairman, the AGBM could look forward to more concrete discussions and to developing a negotiating text.
and Add.1 second session, held at Geneva from 8 to 19 July 1996 Annex II REPORT FROM THE CHAIRMAN OF THE INFORMAL
The provisional agenda has been recast from those proposed at previous sessions to reflect the shift in emphasis towards negotiations so that the terms of the Berlin Mandate can be successfully fulfilled by the third session of the Conference of the Parties (COP 3).
The main result of the session must be agreement on a negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.
C. Methodological issues 57 22 INTRODUCTION
8.2 "Convention" means the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, adopted at New York on 9 May 1992.
A certain balance shall be maintained between policies and measures aimed at reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in emitting sectors and those aimed at reducing consumption of their products.
For purposes of this paragraph 1, "loss of income" shall be liberally interpreted.
An amendment adopted in accordance with paragraph 2 shall enter into force for those Parties having ratified or accepted it on the ninetieth day after the date of receipt by the Depositary of an instrument of ratification or acceptance by at least three fourths of the Parties.
44.1 Any Party to the Convention may propose annexes to this Protocol, and amendments to annexes to this Protocol.
Such annexes shall be restricted to lists, forms and any other material of a descriptive nature that is of a scientific, technical, procedural, or administrative character.
He further observed that, whilst additional proposals could be accepted after 1 June, these should fall within the conceptual framework of the text prepared by that deadline.
C. Organization of the work of future sessions
The Group agreed that the deadline for the submission of new proposals for incorporation in the negotiating text should be set at 1 April 1997 and that the names of the proposing Parties should no longer be included in the text.
The documents prepared for the AGBM at its sixth session are listed in the annex below.
This can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/3/Add.1.
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SIXTH SESSION
IGBP International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme
The definitions contained in Article 1 of the Convention shall apply.
"Greenhouse gas emission mitigation certificate" an environmental mechanism and financial instrument by means of which the Annex I Parties can demonstrate their contribution as financial partners in the implementation of joint implementation projects, making it possible to reduce global emissions that cause the greenhouse effect, generating overall environmental benefits that make themselves felt through the certification of metric tons of carbon equivalent offset, which, taken together, represents the value of the investment made in mitigation.
In their actions to achieve the objective of the Protocol and to implement its provisions, the Parties shall be guided by the principles enumerated in Article 3 of the Convention.
Parties listed in Annex I to the Convention [OR Annex X of this agreement] shall adopt and implement policies and take corresponding measures within national, and, where appropriate, regional programmes, established in accordance with paragraphs 4.1(b) and 4.2(a) of the Convention in order to mitigate climate change by limiting greenhouse gases emissions and protecting and enhancing their greenhouse gas sinks and reservoirs.
Additional elements of proposals with respect to policies and measures
Annex I Parties shall maintain balance between those policies and measures intended to reduce domestic production and those intended to reduce the consumption of products of greenhouse gas emitting sectors.
(bis) Process for setting of QELROs and review of QELROs under Article 7(a) (see paragraph 175) for each of the Parties or groups of Parties listed in Annex A:
(c) In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose members is also a Party to the instrument, the following provisions shall apply:
The Parties listed in Annex I to the Convention shall further cooperate to ensure that their total aggregate [annual average] net emissions of greenhouse gases for the second period from [20 _ to 20_ ] is [ _ ] per cent lower than their total aggregate emissions of greenhouse gases for [19_ ] [the period from 19_ to 19_ ].
(b) An indicator reflecting level of greenhouse gas emissions, defined as the share of CO2 equivalent emissions per capita;
The Protocol shall establish legally-binding QELROs for each Party to this Protocol.
For each Annex [*] Party, the allocation of commitments shall be based on the five year annual average of CO2 equivalent base emissions.
(d) Any tonnes of carbon equivalent emissions allowed that are acquired from another Party under Article 6 (international emissions trading) (see paragraphs 136-136.2) or Article 7 (joint implementation) (see paragraphs 143-143.6); and minus
Each Party included in Annex I to the Convention shall achieve the objectives contained in paragraphs 121 and 121.1 above, taking fully into account the social and economic impacts of these response measures on Parties included in Article 4.8 of the Convention, in accordance with Article 3.5.
A meeting of the Parties may further elaborate guidelines to facilitate the reporting of emissions trading information.
In addition to any criteria adopted by the Parties to this Protocol, the following criteria shall apply to projects:
(b) Projects must provide a reduction in emissions that is additional to any that would otherwise occur.
Parties participating in joint implementation projects shall, on the basis of joint agreement and in accordance with their contributions, have the right to share among themselves the outcomes of the greenhouse gas emission reduction and/or sink enhancement (in terms of tonnes of carbon equivalent or some other agreed basis) achieved by the projects.
(c) A methodology must be established to estimate and evaluate the effectiveness of the measures adopted to limit emissions and enhance the removal or mitigation of greenhouse gas emissions in each particular project;
Each Party not so listed shall make its initial communication within three years of the entry into force of the Protocol for that Party.
Within twelve months of the entry into force of this Protocol for that Party and on or before [the] 15th [day of] April of each year thereafter, shall submit to the Conference of the Parties, through the secretariat, a certificate signed by a duly authorized official of that Party, which contains the following information:
Information communicated by Parties pursuant to paragraph 158 shall be transmitted by the secretariat as soon as possible to each of the Parties to the Convention.
In addition to the information required to be submitted under paragraph 163.3, each Annex A and Annex B Party shall submit to the secretariat, on an annual basis and in accordance with the guidelines referred to in paragraph 163.3, its current calculation corresponding to each of the subparagraphs in Article 2.2 (see paragraph 119.1) and its remaining emissions budget for that budget period.
The instrument should use the same reporting channel and procedural methods as the Convention.
Any Party not included in Annex I to the Convention that has expressed its intention to be bound by Article 4.2(a) and (b) of the Convention in accordance with Article 4.2(g) of the Convention, may in its instrument of ratification, acceptance, approval or accession to this Protocol, or at any time thereafter, notify the Depositary that it intends to be bound by Articles 3 to 5 (see paragraphs 110 and 174, 204-204.3 and 154-154.2) of this Protocol.
The Depositary shall inform the other signatories and Parties of any such notification.
Existing mechanisms in the Convention, including review, assessment and financing, shall apply to the commitments adopted by the protocol/another legal instrument.
The review of this protocol/another legal instrument shall be undertaken under Article 4.2(d) of the Convention.
(d) Parties to identify and agree to implement strategies to ensure climate change considerations are taken into account in all relevant Government policy areas and initiatives and include an evaluation of the effects thereof in national communications (Article (4.1(f));
(ii) International programmes related to climate change, such as the World Climate Programme and the forthcoming Climate Agenda proposal, as well as the System for Analysis, Research and Training (START) initiative of the International Geosphere-Biosphere Programme (IGBP) and the scientific and educational programmes of WMO and UNEP as they are developed.
The functions of the meeting of the Parties shall be to:
A team of experts commissioned by the secretariat shall review the information of each Party submitted in accordance with paragraph 1 (see paragraph 159) above.
They will prepare a report assessing a Party's implementation of its obligations, identifying any areas of apparent non-compliance, as well as potential problems in achieving obligations.
The Conference of the Parties shall, at its first session after the entry into force of the Protocol, establish a multilateral consultative process including an Implementation Committee to review, at the request of a Party or Parties, the secretariat, or a Party in respect of itself, compliance with its obligations under the Protocol.
The review procedure shall be simple, facilitative, cooperative, non-judicial and transparent.
Any Party to the Convention may propose amendments to this Protocol.
If the adoption of an annex or an amendment to an annex involves an amendment to the Protocol, that annex or amendment to an annex shall not enter into force until such time as the amendment to the Protocol enters into force.
Each Party to the Protocol shall have one vote, except as provided for in [paragraph 232.1] [the paragraphs] below.
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to the Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under the Protocol.
The instrument shall enter into force in accordance with the provisions of Article 23 of the Convention.
(d) Promotion and development of renewable sources of energy, including solar, nuclear and biomass, and ensuring that all countries have access to related material, equipment and technology through removal of all restrictions; and
(a) Energy efficiency standards, defined test procedures and functional performance measures for products, labelling and other product-related measures, including mandatory minimum efficient standards for such products, if necessary or where appropriate;
These could include voluntary agreements with the car industry, complementary measures aimed at developing the market for fuel efficient, low CO2 emitting cars as well as alternative fuels and fuel economy labelling;
The message of the campaign could be based on the outcomes of the Second Assessment Report, and further reports of the IPCC and could focus on individual consumption patterns.
Each Party listed in Annex I to the Convention shall implement the campaign and may cooperate with any other Parties in doing so.
(i) Voluntary agreements with the car industry; and
(ii) Minimum taxation target rates, with an effective multilateral consultative process for reviewing taxation rates and possible exemptions, and monitoring the effects of taxes in reducing emissions;
(f) Increase of CO2 reduction potentials by combining technologies for the use of renewable energies with measures for energy-saving and efficient energy use (for example better heating insulation and use of solar energy);
(m) Removal of obstacles to the rational use of energy.
(f) Improvement of the energy efficiency of plants for the provision of low temperature heat (for example industrial cogeneration plant, heating boilers or similar devices) and other small combustion plants, and regular examination of such plants;
(a) Avoid, as far as possible, the use of fluorocarbons in testing procedures;
● Economic instruments which influence land use decisions, land use and mobility patterns.
(c) Research and development on new generation city vehicles.
(d) Reduction of emissions and leakages of methane; and
An annex would elaborate the parameters for an international review of implementation of commitments under the Protocol.
(b) Organization of the work of the session
A list of documents relating to the provisional agenda, as well as other documents available at the session, is contained in annex I below.
The Chairman will invite Parties to negotiate on the text of each section - or parts or groups thereof - and to refrain from general statements of position.
The main result of the session must be a further streamlined negotiating text of the protocol or another legal instrument.
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE AD HOC GROUP ON THE BERLIN MANDATE AT ITS SEVENTH SESSION
FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.1 Implementation of the Berlin Mandate: Proposals
The AGBM, at its 1st meeting, on 31 July, adopted the following agenda:
This report can be found in document FCCC/AGBM/1997/INF.1.
4. Report to the third session of the Conference of the Parties and related matters.
8. As has been the practice in the two previous sessions, the Chairman will continue to use informal consultations ("non-groups") as vehicles to advance negotiations on the various elements of the text.
“Party” means, unless the text otherwise indicates, a Party to this Protocol.
The Meeting of the Parties may adopt such other definitions as may be required for the purposes of this Protocol.
The Meeting of the Parties may take further action, as appropriate, to promote the implementation of the provisions of this subparagraph;
The Meeting of the Parties shall, as soon as practicable, make recommendations on the definition of such performance indicators, taking into account relevant work being done by other bodies.
(b) Co-operate bilaterally and multilaterally in identifying and agreeing on specific means and approaches to foster bilateral, regional and global co-operation to mitigate, and facilitate adequate adaptation to, climate change by formulating and implementing relevant programmes of measures referred to in subparagraph (a) above, giving special consideration to supporting measures which favour the economic development of developing country Parties and minimizing adverse effects on other Parties, especially developing country Parties and in particular those identified in Article 4.8 of the Convention.
Exercise any other such functions as may be required for the implementation of this Protocol, including any functions that may be assigned to it by the Conference of the Parties to the Convention.
The adopted amendment shall be communicated by the secretariat to the Depositary, who shall circulate it to all Parties for their acceptance.
Enhancement of energy efficiency in all sectors, including the energy production and transformation, industrial, transport, residential and commercial and agricultural sectors.
He questioned whether, without deliberate measures to stimulate the transfer of climate-friendly technologies, such technologies would be available to developing countries.
7. At the 1st meeting of the AGBM, on 22 October, the Chairman recalled that services would be available for two parallel meetings, with interpretation, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m.
Statements were made by representatives of nine Parties, and by the Executive Secretary.
The AGBM took note of his intention to propose, in his oral report to the Conference of the Parties at its third session (see para. 23 below), that the Chairmen of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation make a joint proposal to the eighth sessions of those bodies on the allocation to them of preparatory work to enable the first session of the Meeting of the Parties after the entry into force of the protocol to accomplish the tasks assigned to it by the protocol.
25. Statements on the work of the session were made by representatives of nine Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China, one speaking on behalf of the European Community and its member States, one speaking on behalf of the African Group, and one speaking on behalf of the Alliance of Small Island States.
That meant that many important elements still remained unresolved by the Group, including agreement on the treatment of sinks, and differentiation.
The Chairman noted that a fourth issue under negotiation, the treatment of sinks, had been the subject of intersessional work.
Mr. La Viña noted that, in response to his questionnaire circulated at the sixth meeting (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19), a number of Parties had submitted proposals (see documents FCCC/AGBM/1997/MISC.4 and Add.1-2).
It had been announced that an open-ended group of interested Parties would meet immediately before the resumption of the AGBM (see document FCCC/AGBM/1997/8, paragraph 19).
Statements were made by representatives of four Parties, including one speaking on behalf of the Group of 77 and China.
The Group requested the Rapporteur, under the guidance of the Chairman and with the assistance of the secretariat, to finalize the report of the second part of the eighth session.Annex
FCCC/CP/1997/2/Add.1 Revised text under negotiation - addendum
(e) Admission of organizations as observers;
This will confirm which States are Parties to the Convention and therefore eligible to participate in decision-making.
(iii) Election of other officers of subsidiary bodies
The first plenary meeting will next start consideration of item 3 (a), under which the Chairmen of the subsidiary bodies will introduce their reports including the decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies.
The COP may wish to confirm this schedule and ask the Bureau of the COP to keep the dates under review, bearing in mind that commercial facilities are to be contracted.
(b) Development and transfer of technologies
On 21 May 1997, Pakistan, at the request of Turkey, submitted a proposal to delete the name of Turkey from the lists of Parties included in Annexes I and II to the Convention through the review process envisaged in Article 4.2(f).
Any other matters relating to implementation of the Convention may be considered by the COP under this sub-item.
The proposal was sent out to all Parties, signatories and, for information, to the Depositary in a note verbale dated 29 May 1997.
A high-level segment to be attended by ministers and other heads of delegation has been scheduled for those recommended dates.
In view of the number of Parties and the time available for statements during the ministerial segment, it will be necessary to limit the duration of each statement to some five minutes.
It refers to items of the provisional agenda for which additional information is presented, but does not repeat information included in the annotations to the provisional agenda.
The COP will be invited to adopt the decisions recommended by the subsidiary bodies without further discussion, with the exception of:
Before the adoption of draft decision 1 (a) in annex II below, on cooperation with the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the President will give the floor to the Chairman Emeritus of the IPCC, Professor Bert Bolin, who will make a statement.
Statements by observers should conform to a somewhat shorter time limit.
A minimum of 250 copies should be provided to ensure at least one copy per delegation, as well as copies for observer states.
Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice (SBSTA):
(d) Annex to the Memorandum of Understanding on the determination of funding necessary and available for the implementation of the Convention (see document FCCC/SBI/1997/21, annex I, 6);
List of documents for the third session of the Conference of the Parties
Report of the Global Environment Facility to the Conference of the Parties at its third session
(iv) Phasing out of market imperfections, fiscal incentives, tax exemptions and subsidies in all greenhouse gas emitting sectors that run counter to the objective of the Convention; and
(v) Providing a continuous balance between those policies and measures aimed at reducing emissions of greenhouse gases in emitting sectors and those aimed at reducing consumption of their products.
Any body or agency, whether national or international, governmental or non-governmental, which is qualified in matters covered by this Protocol and which has informed the secretariat of its wish to be represented at a session of the Meeting of the Parties as an observer, may be so admitted unless at least one third of the Parties present object.
The text of any proposed amendment to this Protocol shall be communicated to the Parties by the secretariat at least six months before the session at which it is proposed for adoption.
4. Instruments of acceptance in respect of an amendment shall be deposited with the Depositary. An amendment adopted in accordance with paragraph 3 above shall enter into force for those Parties having accepted it on the ninetieth day after the date of receipt by the Depositary of an instrument of acceptance by at least three fourths of the Parties to this Protocol.15
The Parties shall make every effort to reach agreement on any proposed annex or amendment to an annex by consensus.
The annex or amendment to an annex shall enter into force for Parties which withdraw their notification of non-acceptance on the ninetieth day after the date on which withdrawal of such notification has been received by the Depositary.
Attachments to this Protocol shall form an integral part thereof and, unless otherwise expressly provided, a reference to this Protocol constitutes at the same time a reference to any attachments thereto.
The adoption and entry into force of attachments, and amendments to attachments, shall be in accordance with the procedure laid down in Article 20, provided that a proposed amendment to the commitment of any Party as set out in an attachment may be adopted only with the specific consent of that Party.
In the case of such organizations, one or more of whose member States is a Party to this Protocol, the organization and its member States shall decide on their respective responsibilities for the performance of their obligations under this Protocol.
These rules of procedure shall apply to any session of the Conference of the Parties to the Convention convened in accordance with Article 7 of the Convention.
4. "Session" means any ordinary or extraordinary session of the Conference of the Parties convened in accordance with Article 7 of the Convention;
The sessions of the Conference of the Parties shall take place at the seat of the secretariat, unless the Conference of the Parties decides otherwise or other appropriate arrangements are made by the secretariat in consultation with the Parties.
In agreement with the President, the secretariat shall draft the provisional agenda of each session.
An alternate representative or an adviser may act as a representative upon designation by the head of delegation.
(d) Make and arrange for keeping of sound recordings of the session;
As a general rule, no proposal shall be discussed or put to the vote at any meeting unless copies of it have been circulated to delegations not later than the day preceding the meeting.
Permission to speak on a motion to reconsider shall be accorded only to the mover and one other supporter, after which it shall be put immediately to the vote.
It shall be taken in the English alphabetical order of the names of the Parties participating in the session, beginning with the Party whose name is drawn by lot by the President.
2. If the number of candidates obtaining such majority is less than the number of persons or delegations to be elected, there shall be additional ballots to fill the remaining places, the voting being restricted to the candidates obtaining the greatest number of votes in the previous ballot, to a number not more than twice the places remaining to be filled, provided that, after the third inconclusive ballot, votes may be cast for any eligible person or delegation.
The economic restructuring, as well as removal of subsidies and an increase in prices for imported energy to world market levels, have reduced primary energy consumption, and provided incentives for the introduction of new technology, energy efficiency and energy conservation measures.
Latvia does not have a specific policy to mitigate climate change but includes climate policy within a combination of environmental policy and development strategies in various economic sectors.
Official development assistance has been fluctuating between 0.30 and 0.34 per cent of GNP since 1991.
Also available on the World Wide Web (http://www.unfccc.de) GE.97-60850 English Page
Anthropogenic emissions of methane (CH4) in 1990 amounted to 406.3 kilotonnes, with 64 per cent occurring in the agricultural sector and 30 per cent from waste.
The team was impressed with the high use of bicycles and the road infrastructure for exclusive use by cyclists.
The construction of bridges is planned to connect the domestic transport system and to link Denmark to Sweden and Germany, across the Great Belt, Øresund and the Femern Belt, respectively.
Actual emissions in 2000 and 2005 would then be respectively about 4 per cent and 10 per cent below actual 1990 emissions, ± 5 per cent.
Estonia's energy balance and greenhouse gas emissions are dominated by oil-shale, which accounts for about 95 per cent of electricity generation, one quarter of the heat requirements, three quarters of total energy-related CO2 emissions, and two thirds of methane emissions.
The in-depth review was carried out during the period January to September 1996 and included a visit to Helsinki from 29 January to 2 February of that year.
The team included experts from Thailand, the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland and the Russian Federation.
Scattered population and long distances to the export markets generate considerable transport needs.
There have also been some revisions in methodologies for CH4 and N2O compared to the communication.
The Government is, however, committed to restoring the previous level when the recession is considered over.
The strategy of increasing fuel duties by an average of at least 5 per cent above the inflation rate every year is an important measure to reduce CO2 emissions.
The team included experts from Fiji, Romania, and the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).
Some sectors and commodities (notably electricity, gas and heat for certain consumer groups) were not yet fully market based at the time of the visit.
Hungary reported on research and systematic observation carried out over many years in the climatic, meteorological and ecological areas.
The team noted that there are processes for involving non-governmental organizations (NGO) in implementing the Convention, and that a number of initiatives aim at improving public awareness.
These are based on the IPCC guidelines and presented in a transparent manner with emphasis on areas where improvement is needed.
This structural change, coupled with a sharp increase in private consumption, inevitably impacts on total energy requirements.
National inventories were prepared using the standard CORINAIR CORINAIR is the component dealing with air emissions inventories of the European Community's CORINE (Coordinated Information System on the State of Natural Resources and the Environment). methodology and converted to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) format.
The team noted the renewed support by departments concerned for existing energy conservation programmes, as well as Electricity Supply Board's (ESB) commitment to demand-side management (DSM) programmes.
Italy, however, has avoided establishing its own national target regarding GHG emissions.
The energy plan has been implemented through specific legislation, in particular Laws 9 and 10 of 1991.
Based on the new CORINAIR data, however, CO2 emissions were 0.4 per cent higher in 1994 than in 1990.
They constitute the enabling acts for energy supply-side (Law 9) and demand-side (Law 10) policies and the framework within which the Ministry of Industry and Energy formulates specific regulatory measures, tax incentive proposals and other specific measures directed towards the laws' objectives.
Since fuel prices in Luxembourg are lower than in neighbouring countries, "fuel tourism" accounts for a substantial share of petroleum products sales and makes a sizeable contribution to budget revenues (about 10 per cent).
During the review a considerable amount of information was provided to the team on public awareness and the dissemination of information regarding climate change, in particular through leaflets and information campaigns.
Fiscal incentives are in place for the installation of new equipment needed in the use of renewable sources of energy for domestic consumers.
Regulations related to energy management, building insulation, building acclimatization systems and equipment labelling and standards are part of the government's energy efficiency policy and likely to also limit CO2 emissions.
A number of sectoral strategies have been established, including an energy sector strategy containing an environmental component, forestry management, and transport, although some of these strategies are still under development, and not yet approved by the Government.
These were elaborated on during the country visit, and possible topics for future research were identified.
The review team appreciates the difficulties faced by the Russian Federation to present a 1990 greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory due to the fact that in 1990 the Russian Federation did not exist as an independent state and the existing statistics do not allow for a clear breakdown of emissions among independent states which then formed the Soviet Union.
Government officials recognize that methane emission levels from the natural gas industry are highly uncertain.
Subsequently, it was confirmed that the programme had been approved on 19 October 1996, although its full funding is not yet guaranteed.
GHG emissions in 1994 were 20 per cent lower than in 1990.
Though recent growth in GDP (7.4 per cent in 1995) has largely come from the service sector and small and medium-sized units, which are not in relative terms major contributors of GHGs, heavy and energy-intensive industry remains important, including in exports.
In view of this, at its second session, the Conference of the Parties (COP) decided that the question of the division of labour between the SBI and the SBSTA should be taken up by the COP, at its third session, on the basis of recommendations made by the chairmen of the two subsidiary bodies.
In the present phase of consideration of this issue, it might be advisable if the SBSTA were to address all aspects of this issue, such as technology identification, assessment and development as well as transfer of technology.
Annexes I. Table 1. Aggregate net long-term resource flows to
Parties may wish to bear in mind that some of the policy aspects of this issue are under discussion in other forums, for example, the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development (UNCSD).
These external flows went directly to domestic stock markets through pension funds, mutual funds and other investment vehicles.
Countries with macro-economic stability and an environment that is attractive to business have been able to attract private capital flows (mainly among middle income countries).
Multilateral lending institutions apply different conditions to their lending activities.
Regional banks, like the African Development Bank (Afdb), the Asian Development Bank (AsDB) and the Caribbean Development Bank (CDB) concentrate their activities on the specific needs of their respective regions.
Since the United Nations Conference on Environment and Development (UNCED) in 1992, in Rio de Janeiro, lending for environmental purposes has accelerated and major multilateral agencies are incorporating environmental considerations in their decision making.
(d) There are many sources of financing such as official development finance, including loans and grants provided by multilateral institutions and bilateral agreements and private sector finance, provided by commercial banks and private companies.
The secretariat, with the support of the Climate Technology Initiative and financial assistance from the United States Environmental Protection Agency, is conducting a review and evaluation of available information on the extent, nature and functions of existing technology information centers and electronic information networks in developing countries and countries with economies in transition.
This could include compiling country or region specific lists of expert centers with preliminary information on the types of services provided, major data systems and sources used, clients served and views on unmet needs for technology information and technical assistance in their country or region.
The design specifications for new technologies, however, require reducing uncertainties about future climate changes through improved monitoring and modelling.
An elaboration of the rational for focused papers is given below.
The following outline for the second review The secretariat intends to review the first communication from Belgium, which was received on
(b) In the first half of 1998 eleven Parties: Australia, Austria, Denmark, Germany, Japan, Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Switzerland, United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland;
By its decision 9/CP.2, COP 2 decided that the review process should be continued in accordance with the relevant decisions of the Conference of the Parties (FCCC/CP/1996/15/Add.1).
The secretariat will seek to obtain similar invitations in conducting future reviews.
Annexes I. Trust Fund for Participation in the UNFCCC Process 25
A number of other cost items have also been revised downwards.
An important feature of the detailed information on subprogrammes in document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.1 is the attempt to describe the limits of the activities that the secretariat proposes to undertake and, in some cases, to specify activities that will not be undertaken.
To facilitate the review and consideration of the proposed programme budget, the Chairman of the SBI may wish to convene informal consultations at the start of SBI 6.
The programme budget for 1998-1999 has been prepared on the basis of the secretariat structure presented to SBI 5 (see FCCC/SBI/1997/3, paras. 20-45), with the modifications indicated in paragraph 6 above.
In 1996, overhead funds were returned to finance the costs of one professional and two general service posts (all three of which had been approved by COP 1 as part of the core budget).
Funding was increased in 1997 to finance one additional professional and two additional general service posts.
The figures used in calculating staff costs in the budget proposed for the biennium 1998-1999 are based on the standard figures used in the preparation of the United Nations programme budget for the same biennium, taking Bonn as duty station.
Both of the assumptions in (d) above are subject to review at COP 3 (see decisions 14/CP.1 and 14/CP.2).
As was noted by the Executive Secretary in the perspectives on financial requirements submitted to SBI 5, the secretariat will need resources above and beyond those included in this programme budget should COP 3 establish an ad hoc inter-governmental process to implement the outcomes of the Berlin Mandate (see FCCC/SBI/1997/3, paras. 79-80) and/or to launch a 'prompt start' process.
The main function of this programme would be to manage and provide support to any post-Kyoto process by preparing documentation, organizing meetings, and supporting a bureau.
STAFFING REQUIREMENTS FOR THE POST-KYOTO CONTINGENCY
(i) Meeting servicing: Includes the costs of recruiting non-local conference room supervisors and teams of interpreters.
Annex I TRUST FUND FOR PARTICIPATION IN THE UNFCCC PROCESS
The Trust Fund for Supplementary Activities is used to support a variety of activities undertaken by the secretariat in response to needs and requests stemming from the Convention process.
As these are continuously emerging, it is difficult to forecast too far in advance the precise levels of resources that will be required in this Fund.
Item 5 in the list is derived from Article 7.2 of the Convention, which requires the COP to keep the implementation of the Convention under regular review.
This exercise could take up the first day of the ministerial segment, 8 December, with the President reporting to the COP at the start of the next day.
Participation would be limited, essentially to ministers.
(d) Arrangements for participation by observer organizations
The SBI took note of the calendar of meetings for 1997 and requested the secretariat to propose at its sixth session a calendar of meetings for 1998-1999 based on holding two blocks of sessions of the Convention bodies each year, each block comprising two weeks of meetings (FCCC/SBI/1997/5, para. 22).
It may be recalled that the Bureau has recommended that, given the timing of COP 3 late in 1997, COP 4 could be held early in 1999 (FCCC/1996/INF.4).
THIRD SESSION OF THE CONFERENCE OF THE PARTIES:
(d) Election of officers other than the President;
(a) Adoption of the report of the Conference of the Parties on its third session;
Some have also requested access to informal negotiating meetings.
This separation, initiated by the Bureau at COP 1, was originally inspired by the perception that access by NGOs to delegations during meetings could be abused.
Subsequently, the Chairman of the SBSTA, with the concurrence of that body, has decided that the three NGO constituencies mentioned in paragraph 5 above can have a seat with a nameplate, on the floor of that body, and has allowed interventions on specific point of its agenda.
This consensus was evident at the March 1996 workshop (see Principles in annex I of FCCC/SBSTA/1996/11) and confirmed by subsequent consultations.
In general, the secretariat's improvised responses have tended to generosity; the result is an open house with a rather flimsy structure.
This would require funding for participation, as proposed by NGOs themselves.
Attached to the "note verbale" was the full text of the note from Pakistan; the "note verbale" from the Azerbaijan Republic was identical in substance.
3. The Islamic Republic of Pakistan wishes to stress that Turkey, though in complete agreement with the idea and understanding of the Convention, regrets not being able to sign the FCCC due to her inclusion in the annexes, as a "developed" country.
Thus, it is evident that Turkey's contribution to global warming is just a fraction of the average of the Annex countries.
B. Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention 17 - 19 8
VII. ADMINISTRATIVE AND FINANCIAL MATTERS: 25 - 31 10 (Agenda item 7)
The SBI agreed to admit two new intergovernmental organizations and ten non-governmental organizations that had been screened by the secretariat, on the basis of the provisions in paragraph 6 of Article 7 of the Convention, without prejudice to the subsequent action by the Conference of the Parties (COP).
(c) The SBI urged all Annex I Parties to submit their views on the schedule of in-depth reviews of the second national communications no later than 25 August and requested the secretariat to prepare the final schedule for consideration at the next session of the SBI;
At its 5th meeting on 5 August, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI adopted the following conclusions:
It had before it three documents presented by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/8, FCCC/SBI/1997/MISC. 3 and Add.1).
At its 5th meeting on 5 August, having considered a proposal by the Chairman, the SBI recommended for adoption by the COP at its third session the budget decision included in annex III to this document which would require finalization at the Conference with respect to the contingencies indicated therein.
Resource requirements for the conference servicing contingency (US$ thousand)
1. Opening of the session The seventh session of the SBI will be opened by the Chairman at 10 a.m. on Monday, 20 October 1997.
Another option is that one body may take overall responsibility in considering an issue, requesting adequate and specific inputs from the other body.
At the request of the SBI (FCCC/SBI/1997/16, para. 16 (c)), at its sixth session, and on the basis of responses received from Annex I Parties, the secretariat has prepared the schedule of the in-depth review (IDR) of their second national communications.
This overview, in accordance with the division of labour, is to be considered by the SBSTA.
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention
Taking into account the documents mentioned above, the SBI may wish to recommend a draft decision on this item for adoption by the COP at its third session.
Financial performance of UNFCCC: Contributions and expenditures in
The note should be read together with document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.7, which contains supporting tables.
The Executive Secretary urges all Parties which have not paid their contributions for the past and/or current year to do so as soon as possible.
These gaps in the secretariat's staff were filled largely by short-term staff members and consultants, which led to higher expenditure levels for these items than originally estimated.
(a) December 1996 (Geneva; 130 Parties, 6 observer States, 103 observer organizations; total of 516 delegates and 337 observers);
As a result of four sessions being held in 1997 (instead of two, as foreseen during discussion of the programme budget for the current biennium), expenditures relating topolicy-making organs have been approximately 19 per cent higher than anticipated.Despite the heavy meeting schedule, overexpenditure was limited to 19 per cent due to economies of scale, internal reassignment of tasks, the hiring of temporary staff and consultants under other programmes, and chronic overtime of staff.
Topics covered include methodological issues, cooperation with the IPCC and other international bodies, technology and technology information needs, and the establishment of a multilateral consultative process.
The programme's ad hoc responsibilities relating to relocation, which consumed a large portion of its resources in 1996, ended once the secretariat and its staff were fully installed in Bonn.
level of the reserve was set at 8.3 per cent of estimated expenditure for both 1996 and 1997 (see decision 17/CP.1, para. 1, as confirmed in decision 16/CP.2, para. 6).
By its decision 16/CP.2, the COP decided that the Fund could also be used to finance participants from eligible Parties in meetings of expert bodies convened by any of the Convention bodies and in intersessional meetings of the Bureaux of the Convention bodies, and for the participation of Bureau members in consultations or official meetings relating to the UNFCCC process.
(d) February/March 1997 (Bonn; funding offered to 123 Parties, 89 delegates financed); and
IV. TRUST FUND FOR SUPPLEMENTARY ACTIVITIES
Carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions in 1995 increased in the majority of reporting Parties compared to 1990, the range of increase being from 2 to 10 per cent.
Although the estimates provided by most Parties for the effect of individual policies and measures would lead to the conclusion that CO2 emissions in 2000 will be up to 11 per cent lower than in 1990, in actual fact this trend is often projected to be offset by the growth in CO2 emissions from some sources.
For 13 Parties, CO2 emissions from fuel combustion represented more than 90 per cent of the total CO2 emissions.
For nine Parties (BEL, CAN, FIN, IRE, NLD, NOR, NZL) overall GHG emissions increased by 1 to 10 per cent over those of 1990.
This quantity complicated their description and analysis significantly.
The FCCC guidelines request that, to facilitate transparency, enough detail should be provided about each policy and measure in the text of the national communication to allow a third party to understand:
Many Parties mentioned in this regard the substitution of chlorofluorocarbons (CFCs) by HFCs.
In Norway, according to the communication, gasoline consumption dropped by 8 per cent from 1990 to 1995 partly because of significant CO2 and general tax rate increases.
Vegetating denuded land is one of the main climate change-related measures implemented in Iceland.
Methane emissions decreased in the 1991 to 1994/95 period in most reporting Parties, except Canada and Norway where emission increases were likely related to robust oil and natural gas production, and the United States of America where the increase was related to growth in emissions from agriculture and waste disposal.
Air quality and integrated pollution control laws regulate PFC emissions in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.
In some cases there are differences in the 1990 emission figures between inventories and projections.
All Parties provided “with measures” projections for CO2 emissions.
In addition, both the Czech Republic and Slovakia assume substantial changes in industrial production and anticipate shifts from (heavy) industry to the service sector.
Only Canada and Slovakia estimated how the results would be affected by changes in key assumptions.
Ten Parties gave in addition projections for 2020 and 13 Parties provided sectoral projections only partially.
Two Parties (CAN, NOR) projected a decrease in SF6 emissions for 2000, mainly as a consequence of improved production practices in the magnesium industry, while the other seven projected an increase.
The extent to which the guidelines were followed is illustrated in tables 5 and 6.
The United Kingdom provided estimates of PFC and HFC emission reductions in 2000, 2005, 2010 and 2020.
Belgium also provides an “envisaged measures” scenario and a “long-term measures” scenario that produce greater emission reductions, but they are not presented here.
In each case, the estimate is the difference between a “without measures” scenario (numbers in parentheses) and a “with measures” or “IMA-measures” scenario that takes agreed climate protection measures into account wherever possible.
Netherlands: the estimate of the effects of policies and measures on CO2 emissions is the difference between the “trend” scenario and the “without measures” scenario.
Accordingly, the national communication states that these estimates should be treated with caution.
United States: the estimates of the effects of policies and measures on CO2, CH4, and N2O emissions were clearly presented in the national communication and appear to be based on policies and measures that have been adopted and implemented.
Policies and measures targeted at N2O emissions, however, are expected to achieve virtually all of their emission reductions by 2000.
A breakdown of CO2 emission reductions by sector is presented in table 7.
The contribution made by different sectors to CO2 emission reductions varies significantly from country to country.
The contribution made by N2O emission reductions to overall emission reductions declines in all Parties throughout the period.
Estimates of CO2 emissions and removals for land-use change and forestry were provided by 15 Parties. 15 Parties provided estimates for HFCs, PFCs and SF6, although some of them not for all these gases.
In conformity with the guidelines, 14 Parties presented separate data on emissions from international bunkers but only six of them provided a breakdown into marine and aviation bunkers.
All reporting Parties provided greenhouse gas inventory information for the years 1990 to 1995, but Finland did not provide its 1991 inventory.
France provided the information on correspondence only, and Belgium and Switzerland did so partially.
For the majority of these cases the reported differences fall within 1 to 3 per cent, demonstrating the usefulness of this approach for verification purposes.
First, some types of activities do not exist in all Parties (e.g. rice cultivation or coal mining).
As methodologies develop, both nationally and internationally, the collection of data improves (emission factors, activity data and methods) and new emission sources are included.
In general, Parties did not specify whether their forests are totally managed or not.
Comparison and aggregation of emissions and removals from land-use change and forestry was complicated by scientific uncertainties, difficulties in data collection and differing coverage.
The differences between the values of emission factors based on different rates of release to the atmosphere are also large.
Experience with the review of first national communications
the Convention 36 I. OPENING OF THE SESSION
In that connection, he expressed satisfaction at the imminent start-up of a Global Environment Facility (GEF) project to support national communications.
Legal matters: Implementation of the Headquarters Agreement.
The Vice-Chairman also referred to the documentation before the seventh session, as described in documents FCCC/SBI/1997/17 and Add.1.
It was also attended by representatives of 8 United Nations offices and programmes, 7 specialized agencies, 5 intergovernmental organizations and 122 non-governmental organizationsFor the full list of participants, see document FCCC/1997/INF.4.
It had before it the following documents: FCCC/SBI/1997/19 and Add.1, FCCC/SBI/1997/20; FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.4 and INF.6; FCCC/SBSTA/1997/13 and FCCC/SB/1997/6.
(iii) To make available a compilation of comments by Parties on the Co-chairs’ draft compilation which was transmitted for further consideration at the workshop and by the SBI at its eighth session (for the text of the Co-chairs’ draft compilation, see the appendix below).
The SBI considered this item at its 1st and 5th meetings, on 20 and 29 October respectively.
The SBSTA and the SBI took note of the synthesis report by the secretariat on activities implemented jointly (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/12 and Corr.1 and 2, and Add.1) as well as of the concise update containing preliminary findings with regard to work on methodological issues (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/INF.3).
The SBI requested the Executive Secretary to conclude arrangements with the Government of Japan on the basis of that understanding.
It authorized its Rapporteur, in consultation with the Chairman and with the assistance of the secretariat, to finalize the report as appropriate.
He emphasized the importance of the contribution made by the SBI, since its inception, to advance the Convention process, and thanked delegations for their constructive co-operation throughout his term of office.
Draft decisions recommended by the SBI at its sixth session*
(c) The Subsidiary Body for Implementation will, with inputs from the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice as appropriate, have responsibilities for assisting the Conference of the Parties in the assessment and review of the effective implementation of the Convention with respect to the development and transfer of technology;
(h) The Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will have the responsibility for:
(j) In accordance with Article 5 of the Convention, the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will have the overall responsibility for issues related to research and systematic observation, drawing, where necessary, upon the Subsidiary Body for Implementation. The Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice will also play a co-ordinating role in such activities related to climate change relevant to the implementation of the Convention;
(m) The Subsidiary Body for Implementation, with inputs from the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice as appropriate, will have responsibility for assisting the Conference of the Parties in the assessment and review of the effective implementation of the Convention with respect to education, training, and public awareness.
10. Requests the Executive Secretary to report to the Conference of the Parties at its fourth session on income and budget performance, and to propose any adjustments that might be needed in the Convention budget for the biennium 1998-1999.
1. Calls upon the Parties included in Annex I to the Convention (Annex I Parties), when submitting annually national greenhouse gas inventories, to follow the relevant parts of the revised UNFCCC guidelines for the preparation of national communications by Annex I Parties, as well as the relevant conclusions of the fourth session of the Subsidiary Body for Scientific and Technological Advice;
2. Decides to continue the review process through the Subsidiary Body for Implementation, in accordance with the criteria established in the guidelines adopted by the Subsidiary Body for Implementation at its fifth session;
3. Urges Parties that have still not paid their 1996 and/or 1997 contributions to the core budget to do so without delay;
1. Takes note of the information contained in document FCCC/SBI/1997/INF.2;
Noting that each developing country Party shall make its initial communication within three years of entry into force of the Convention for that Party, or of the availability of financial resources in accordance with Article 4.3 and that Parties that are least developed may make their submission at their discretion,
1. Decides that the information contained in the initial communications of Parties not included in Annex I will be considered in a facilitative, non-confrontational, open and transparent manner to ensure that the COP has accurate, consistent and relevant information at its disposal to assist it in carrying out its responsibilities;
The SBI approved the organization of the work presented by the Chairman.
The lists of attendance at the fifth session of the SBI are given in document FCCC/1997/INF.2.
The documents prepared for the fifth session of the SBI are listed in annex I to the present document.
The need for a full replenishment was highlighted during the meeting.
It had before it a note prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/4).
It also requested the secretariat to propose arrangements for the communication of views by heads of United Nations programmes and agencies, IGOs and NGOs.
The Vice-Chairman, on behalf of the Chairman, after thanking all participants for their cooperation throughout the meeting, declared the fifth session of the SBI closed.
Reports from the United Nations Commission on Sustainable Development and relevant bilateral and multilateral funding institutions;
The effectiveness of the financial mechanism will be assessed taking into account the following:
The COP, at its second session, called, inter alia, for acceleration of negotiations of the text of a protocol, or another legal instrument which would fully encompass the remit of the Berlin Mandate.
6. Development and transfer of technologies.
(d) Ensuring equitable and balanced representation within a transparent system of governance comprised of an Assembly, a Council and a Secretariat.
Workshops should be convened to discuss specific topics of the climate change agenda so that understanding would increase and capacities be developed.
Focal points in the African region should be strengthened to allow for an increased flow of information.
Concerns have been expressed regarding the transparency of the GEF decision-making process, the adequacy, predictability and timely disbursement of funds for activities in developing country Parties.
The SBSTA may also wish to urge Parties to provide the secretariat with information on planning and decision tools, including software relevant for adaptation to climate change, on topics such as health, water, coastal zone, natural ecosystems, agriculture and urban areas, and to encourage their research and development institutions to co-operate with the secretariat in the formulation of focused papers on adaptation technologies.
Adaptation to climate change can be autonomous.
Anticipatory planned adaptation is particularly important to reduce vulnerability to climate change.
Examples of sectors that could benefit from anticipatory planned adaptation are infrastructure, such as, port and harbour facilities, flood-defence systems, water supply systems, sewage systems and urban systems.
Their functions and users differ considerably.
A few examples are APNG (Asia Pacific Networking Group), JARING (Network for Malaysia), SDN (Pacific Sustainable Development Network), MauriNet (Mauritius Network), MANGO (Network for Non-Profit Community in Zimbabwe), and CCCNet (Co-operation Committee for Cambodia Network).
Some examples include Pactok (PacificTalk), ScINET-PHIL (Science and Technology Network of the Philippines), and STACnet (Philippine Science & Technology Advisory Council Network).
Enhancing existing and/or building new international centres and networksThe term “building new” refers to a new capability at an existing physical facility or institution.
Collaboration with industry might further strengthen the process of identifying technology information needs and solutions.
It requested the secretariat to also prepare a report on its experience in using the roster, for the seventh session (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4).
First, it was difficult to ensure a balance among scientific and technical areas of expertise and regional experience in each specific meeting.
Third, it was difficult to obtain sufficient participation of experts from Annex II Parties.
The secretariat will modify the invitation process identified in paragraph 13 so as to inform government contact points whenever an inquiry of availability is sent to the expert.
Investor as well as host Parties have gained experience, for example in the application of criteria in support of decision 5/CP.1, and have developed additional criteria to reflect national priorities.
Host Parties which set up an AIJ unit appear to be successful in attracting financial resources and in ensuring their utilization in priority areas of national development.
These include: (a) determination of environmental benefits; (b) modalities for measurement, reporting and assessment; (c) endogenous capacity-building; (d) transfer of environmentally-sound technologies and know-how; (e) considerations of costs; (f) modalities for mutually beneficial incentive structures for involved Parties, acknowledging that there are no credits under the pilot phase; and (h) institutional arrangements.
Most activities reported local and/or national organizations as responsible for the majority of the scheduled data collection for the activities.
With regard to measurement, responsibilities were assigned to national and municipal institutions of the host country and, in some cases, to private organizations of the host country.
The majority of the reports indicated social/cultural benefits, including active involvement of local communities, increased public awareness, maintenance of natural heritage and historical sites, as well as cleaner air.
E. Calculation of the contribution of activities implemented jointly projects
benefits related to the mitigation of climate change that would not have
The alternatives were not described in detail in the submission received.
Due to the early stage of the pilot phase, only a few of the reports provided data for the actual emissions reduced.
Five sample tables were provided to facilitate reporting of this information.
4. Canada did not provide any information on its financial contributions to the GEF.
As noted below, however, a number of Parties have reported on initiatives that are designed to facilitate such transfer of technology to non-Annex II Parties by the private sector.
Some of the specific initiatives mentioned include: the Climate Technology Initiative (CTI), the Greenhouse Gas Technology Information Exchange (GREENTIE), the Centre for the Analysis and Dissemination of demonstrated Energy Technologies (CADDET), and the International Model Forest Programme (IMFP).
In order to answer such questions, it would not suffice to have a more complete reporting according to the present guidelines, although better reporting would provide a more comprehensive overview of the situation.
Provision by Annex II Parties of data tables requested on multilateral and bilateral financial contributions
No Party provided all four of these reporting tables in their national communication.
One other Party (NZL) indicated that it considered its contribution to the GEF to be “new and additional”.
(a) Communications from Parties included in Annex I to the Convention;
The SBSTA also agreed to the Chairman’s proposal to follow the recommendations on the division of labour between the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) that were agreed by both bodies at their sixth sessions, and consequently to allow one body to take overall responsibility in considering an issue.
(i) Endogenous capacity to monitor and assess important climate change parameters;
(d) The SBSTA noted with appreciation the decision of the IPCC at its thirteenth session to accelerate work on uncertainties related to GHG inventories in the IPCC/OECD/IEA programme, as requested by the SBSTA at its sixth session.
(a) The SBSTA noted the need for the provision of technical inputs to its work on methodological and technological issues.
(c) The SBSTA concluded that the areas of expertise currently covered in the roster would suggest that, in addition to other uses of the roster, experts might provide the SBSTA with advice on particular tasks relating to technological and methodological issues, including the preparation and review of reports.
A roundtable on activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase was held in the evening of 20 October.
(b) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to forward this synthesis report to the Conference of the Parties for its consideration.
(d) The SBSTA and the SBI decided to recommend a draft decision on activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase for adoption by the Conference of the Parties at its third session (for the text of the draft decision see annex I below).
Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase 23
3. Urges Parties to provide the necessary resources to reverse the decline in the existing observational networks and to support the regional and global observational systems being developed under GCOS, GOOS and GTOS, through appropriate funding mechanisms;
- Improve and simplify the presentation of results;
(b) Communications from Parties not included in Annex I to the Convention.
The Chairman recalled that services for formal meetings with interpretation would be available in the morning, from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m., and in the afternoon, from 3 p.m. to 6 p.m. on 25 February, in the afternoon only on 26 February, and in the mornings only on 27 and 28 February.
It had before it a document FCCC/SB/1997/INF.1, which had been prepared by the secretariat.
Recalled decision 10/CP.2 of the second session of the COP, in particular the request to the Convention secretariat, in accordance with Article 8.2(c) of the Convention, to facilitate assistance to Parties, particularly developing country Parties, in the preparation of their initial communications, through the organization of workshops at the regional level; to provide a forum for the exchange of experiences in the development of emission factors and activity data for the estimation of the inventory, as well as, on request, for other elements of information in the initial communication; and to provide a report to the SBI and the SBSTA at each of their sessions.
VII. DEVELOPMENT AND TRANSFER OF TECHNOLOGIES
Took note of the progress report on technology and technology transfer prepared by the secretariat (FCCC/SBI/1997/1).
Took note of the statement of the chairman of the Scientific and Technical Advisory Committee (STAP) of the Global Environmental Facility indicating a willingness of the STAP to cooperate with the SBSTA and the secretariat, for example, by making available reports on relevant topics.
Progress report on research and systematic observation.
Lifetime of activity if different from ending date:c)
Describe briefly how costs are determined:
Describe the procedures, including name of organizations involveda):
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of social benefits?
Do quantitative data exist for evaluation of economic benefits?
The secretariat is preparing an initial compilation and synthesis report on second national communications for the sessions of the subsidiary bodies scheduled to be held in Bonn in October 1997.
Many Parties urged the SBSTA to set up ITAPs without delay.
PROPOSED SCHEDULE OF WORK FOR THE SIXTH SESSION
He urged the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI) to minimize requests for new documentation for their October sessions.
Also, two communications had been received from non-Annex I Parties.
He recalled that communications were the basic commitment of all Parties and that their lack would inhibit the ability of the Parties to assess the need for future action to advance implementation and to strengthen the Convention.
3. Division of labour between the SBSTA and the Subsidiary Body for Implementation (SBI).
He hoped, in particular, that the SBSTA, in co-operation with the SBI, could already at that session agree on a draft decision regarding the division of labour between both bodies.
The documents prepared for the sixth session of the SBSTA, as well as other documents which were made available, are listed in the annex of the present document.
(a) Decided that the highest priority should be given to activities related to the application of the methods for GHG inventories and that high priority be given to projections of GHG emissions and sinks; and
(b) Also noted with appreciation the information provided by the Chairman and the Chairman-elect of the IPCC, particularly regarding the TAR, and noted with satisfaction the regional emphasis and the further involvement of experts from developing countries.
(c) Requested the secretariat to organize, together with the IPCC, an informal meeting at the next session of the SBSTA to discuss key issues to be addressed in the TAR;
The SBSTA called upon Parties to work through other relevant organizations, including the International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) and the International Maritime Organization (IMO), to address climate change issues in their deliberations and requested these organizations to provide reports on their work to future sessions of the SBSTA;
The SBSTA supported the secretariat's plans to prepare reports on the role of the private sector, and on barriers and enabling activities of governments related to the transfer of technology.
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/L.3 Activities implemented jointly under the pilot phase.
The seventh session of the SBSTA will be opened by the Chairman at 3 p.m. onMonday, 20 October 1997.
The SBSTA may take note of the above reports and the progress made in the areas of technology development and the transfer of technologies during the past year, and in conjunction with the SBI, develop a recommendation for a draft decision by the COP on these matters (see FCCC/SBI/1997/17, paras. 31-33).
The secretariat has started the process of developing practical options and will provide a brief oral report.
DOCUMENTS BEFORE THE SUBSIDIARY BODY FOR SCIENTIFIC AND
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/7 Provisional agenda and annotations.
FCCC/SBSTA/1997/13 Second communications from Parties included in
The Global Atmosphere Watch 3 GE.97-64630
It is estimated to contribute about 6% to the overall greenhouse effect.
As an important function of GAW, the data obtained are archived at the WMO World Data Centre for Greenhouse Gases (WDCGG) established in Tokyo, Japan in 1990.
From the GAW monitoring perspective, the following needs can be outlined:
However there are still many areas where there is an urgent need to expand these measurements if we are to understand the full implementations of climate change.
Detailed analyses may be found in technical paper TP/1997/2.
In relation to this, it concluded that adjustments are to be regarded as important information in relation to the monitoring of emission trends and the performance of policies and measures, and should be reported separately (FCCC/SBSTA/1997/4).
Seven Parties submitted information on temperature adjustments to the secretariat(Table 1).
The United States of America noted, in the chapter on projections in its second national communication, that temperature adjustments for heating and cooling could raise or lower the emissions by plus or minus 20 million metric tons of carbon, or about ±1.5%.
An essential step used by all Parties, when adjusting for temperature variations, is to calculate what is called a “heating degree day” (HDD) index.
This corresponds to an elasticity of 1 with respect to the fuel consumption for space heating.
HDDnorm: average heating degree day index over several years
HDD: heating degree days index of the considered year
GC.7/22 A. States from List A of document UNIDO/GC.1/3
It is, therefore, essential that, before the staff separation programme is initiated, a clear indication of the firm financial commitments from Member States be ascertained.
(c) The additional cash resources for the staff separation reserve could be secured: (i) by voluntary contributions from Member States on the understanding that contributions for 1998 for the budget and staff separation reserve would not exceed 1997 assessed contribution levels; (ii) by way of advances from Member States to the Organization, on the understanding that those advances would be repaid as and when the arrears of assessed contributions are paid, or deducted from future contributions;
As it is not considered realistic to expect that a response to this call will generate the required cash, all Member States are requested to make voluntary contributions and advances as recommended by the Industrial Development Board as soon as possible.
6. The time factor of staff separation is essential to reduce the likelihood of a financial crisis in 1998 as the number of staff who will have to leave the Organization is expected to exceed 120.
IDB.18/Dec.13 Options for the collection of unpaid assessed contributions from the United States Government
14. The following non-governmental organizations were represented: Association of African Development Finance Institutions, Austrian Senior Experts Pool, International Confederation of Free Trade Unions, International Academy of Technological Sciences and World Association for Small and Medium Enterprises.
29. The Board had before it a note by the Director-General on the International Centre for Science and High Technology (IDB.18/16 and Add.1 and 2).
IDB.18/Dec.9 Appointment of an external auditor (IDB.18/SR.7, paras. 19-20) 17
The Industrial Development Board, with the aim of utilizing the available conference-servicing resources to the maximum possible effect, decided to suspend with immediate effect rule 32 of its rules of procedure relating to the quorum, for the meetings of its eighteenth session only and provided no substantive decisions were taken at those meetings.
and . (hereinafter called the Director-General) for the other part. WHEREAS
(b) Recommended to the General Conference the approval on the basis of an exchange rate of US$ 1 = AS 12.90 of appropriations in the amount of $145,898,600 for the regular budget of the Organization in 1998-1999, as reflected in the following table:
Note: The amounts presented in the table are to be adjusted in accordance with the adjustment formula presented at the end of the present decision to take account of exchange rate variations during the biennium.
The regular budget also shall be accompanied by a statement on the main changes in comparison with the previous biennium.
(a) Took note of the report of the Director-General on the options for the collection of unpaid assessed contributions from the United States Government (IDB.18/18);
(b) Further recalled its decision IDB.5/Dec.46 on the conduct of business and rationalization of proceedings;
(c) Decided on the following dates for the regular sessions of the Board and the Committee in 1998:
Candidatures for the appointment of an external auditor.
(d) APPOINTMENT OF EXTERNAL AUDITOR (GC.7/6/Add.1)
The draft decision on item 12 (GC.7/CRP.7) was adopted for recommendation to the plenary.
PERSONNEL MATTERS: UNITED NATIONS JOINT STAFF PENSION FUND (GC.7/CRP.1, GC.7/CRP.7; GC.7/5)
(a) AFRICA (IN PARTICULAR THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOPMENT DECADE FOR AFRICA) (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.1; GC.7/16, GC.7/18, IDB.15/6, IDB.16/10, IDB.16/15, IDB.16/16 and Add.1, IDB.17/10, IDB.17/26)
(d) LATIN AMERICA AND THE CARIBBEAN (GC.7/CRP.3/Add.2; GC.7/14)
The meeting was called to order at 3.25 p.m.
Ms. DE PEREZ VENERO (Panama) said there were fundamental contradictions in the presentation of the policy and guiding principles for implementing the staff separation programme described in paragraphs 5 to 11 of document PBC.13/16.
The follow-up project is being designed as a High Impact Programme aiming at:
Mr. FRANCK (Luxembourg) said that only some of the recommendations to be made by the group could be implemented by the Board.
2. The table of contents, for ease of reference, lists a serial number by which each decision or resolution may be cited, the title of each decision and resolution, the pertinent background document(s), a reference to the summary record of the plenary meeting at which the decision or resolution was adopted and the relevant agenda item.
The General Conference elected the following Vice-Presidents of the Conference at its seventh session: Mr. A. MENASRA (Algeria), Mr. J. KOHOUT (Czech Republic), Mr. J. ABU (Ghana), Mr. S. HOBEICA (Lebanon), Mr. A. NICULESCU (Romania), Mr. C. POOLOKASINGHAM (Sri Lanka), Mr. U. BREITER (Switzerland), Mr. J. HERRERA ONETO Y VIANA (Uruguay) and Mr. D. BOERSNER (Venezuela).
The General Conference adopted the agenda of its seventh session as contained in document GC.7/1/Rev.1.
GC.7/Dec.9 ELECTION OF MEMBERS OF THE PROGRAMME AND BUDGET COMMITTEE
The General Conference decided to establish a scale of assessments for the regular budget expenditures of UNIDO for the fiscal period 1998-1999, based on the annex to document IDB.18/13, which was based on the scale currently employed by the United Nations as established by the United Nations General Assembly in resolution 49/19 B, adjusted to the membership of UNIDO.
5 December 1997 GC.7/Dec.12 WORKING CAPITAL FUND
10.1(b)(iii) [text unchanged, renumbered only].
(iii) Such other information as may be appropriate.
(e) In order to provide a measure of flexibility in implementing the programme of work, allowed the Director-General to submit to the Industrial Development Board for consideration, within the limits of the approved programme and budgets and the financial regulations, proposals that he might judge beneficial for the proper functioning of the Organization;
(a) The annual gross salary of the Director-General shall be US dollars one hundred and seventy-five thousand three hundred and forty-four (175,344), corresponding to an annual net base salary equivalent to US dollars one hundred and nineteen thousand seven hundred and twenty-two (119,722) (dependency rate) or US dollars one hundred and six thousand two hundred and fifty-five (106,255) (single rate) respectively.
4. Also requests the Director-General to submit a progress report on the implementation of the present resolution through the Industrial Development Board to the General Conference at its eighth session.
Express their concern with the sharp reduction of 20.001 per cent in the 1998-1999 programme and budgets, and call for this to be regarded as the last reduction in the UNIDO budget, and for reversing this trend;
The second phase should be launched as a high-impact programme aimed at:
GC.7/Res.5 AFRICA (IN PARTICULAR THE SECOND INDUSTRIAL DEVELOP-MENT DECADE FOR AFRICA)
1. Endorses the Plan of Action for the Alliance for Africa’s Industrialization2 as the implementing mechanism for the refocused programme of the Second Industrial Development Decade for Africa;
2. Further requests the Director-General to report on the measures taken to implement the present resolution to the Industrial Development Board at its twentieth regular session.
Underlining the importance of the ICS technology development activities,
Action taken in the first quarter of 1996.
Draft decisions and resolutions submitted on behalf of the Main Committee by its Chairman
Annotations to the provisional agenda, including organization of work of the session
Annotations to the provisional agenda, including organization of work of the session: note by the secretariat (HS/C/16/1/Add.1) - for decision
Item 15. Provisional agenda and other arrangements for the seventeenth session of the Commission
Western European and other States (Sweden)
7. In the report of the Executive Director on the review of the working methods of the Commission (document HS/ C/ 16/ 4), it is recommended that the Commission establishes an ad hoc open-ended working group to consider all the relevant articles of the Commission's rules of procedure, with a view to reconciling them with the decision which will be taken by the Commission pursuant to paragraph 223 of the Habitat Agenda.
The Executive Director recommends that the Commission approve the programme budget for the United Nations Habitat and Human Settlements Foundation as proposed herein for the biennium 1998-1999. Page
The final estimates of expenditure for 1998-1999 will therefore consist of the level of expenditure approved for 1996-1997, to which will be added the amount required to maintain that level of resources in 1998-1999 at 1997 prices, plus resource growth for a limited number of items and an allowance for inflation.
During 1994-1995 the Centre received $407,100 from the United Nations regular budget for general operating expenses, but upon the establishment of the United Nations Office at Nairobi (UNON) this facility was deleted from regular budget provision for 1996-1997.
Item Initial estimates(a) Revised estimates
Expected contributions and pledges for 1996-1997:
$(1,638,454) being the unpaid pledges for future years as at 31 December 1995 (ref. schedule 1.1 of the audited accounts)
The second category of projects funded by the Foundation consists of project expenditure incurred in providing the Governments of developing countries, particularly those of the least developed countries, with technical assistance in the formulation of documents for human settlements projects to be submitted to the United Nations Development Programme and other funding agencies.
It is proposed that the reserve fund be maintained at the same level of $600,000 as in the current biennium.
Table 1 on page below shows the 1996 income and expenditure under the main budgetary sources of the Centre.
7. The secretariat plans to present future budgets in a revised and improved format taking into account the above and other relevant matters.
There would be no redundancy since there are no overlaps in the functions of the posts concerned.
The response received from various parties interested in the development of the strategy points to the need for adopting an approach that builds on specific country demands and capacities and leads to the setting up of regional support mechanisms.
Within the Settlements Management Training Programme, UNCHS (Habitat) has prepared and published in 1995 the two-volume English language manual Designing Human Settlements Training in European Countries, which was translated and published in Russian in 1996 by the Centre for Self-government Studies (SPTC) in Klaipeda, Lithuania.
The Executive Director has also decided on a new "Annual Report" format for the presentation of his progress report to the Commission (HS/C/16/2).
The full text of paragraphs 26 and 61 is annexed.
The second meeting specifically devoted to the subject was the Expert Group Meeting on the Human Right to Adequate Housing, organized jointly by UNCHS (Habitat) and the United Nations Centre for Human Rights in Geneva on 18-19 January 1996.
